, come to think of it.”

Desire watched as he ran his hands through the bit of hair that flopped down onto his forehead. She bit her lip, and then said, “I could do all that for you, if you want.”

A smile burst onto his face. “Really? That’d be wonderful, Desire. Can you get me in tonight, by any chance?”

She glanced down at the calendar on the desk. “We’re actually all booked until closing at 7.” Elias was watching her again when she looked back up, “But maybe – I’m not actually supposed to do this, but for you, Elias – if you come by like right after closing, then I can squeeze in a trim and a shave before I have to get home.”

“That sounds great. I’ll go get the crate. I’ll be right back,” He smiled crookedly and walked out the door. Desire sighed and watched him go. When he came back in a minute later to drop off the crate, he winked and said, “See you after 7 tonight.”

Desire waved until he started his delivery van and drove away.

She didn’t have long to swoon over the opportunity of seeing Elias in a few more hours time because then Ms. Ramirez walked in the door.

An hour and a half later, in the five-minute gap between Mr. Oriol and Dr. Brown, Desire sent a text to Kim, her best friend who was currently living in Chicago with a wild social life that Desire would kill for.

“Do you remember that hot delivery guy from the shop?”

She didn’t have to wait long for Kim’s reply. “Yeah Elias or whatever? What about him?” It wasn’t as enthusiastic as Desire had been hoping for, but nevertheless she sent a long text all about his visit and how she thought he was probably into her because he was definitely giving off some interested vibes. Kim’s next response came not even a full minute later. “That’s so creepy, Hyuna. Really don’t go there. He’s too old for you and the fact that he’s hitting on you is just extra creepy. Does he even know how old you are?”

Although Desire wouldn’t ever admit it, Kim had a point. It probably was a little bit strange for a man that was almost eleven years older than her to be hitting on her when she was just barely legal. She didn’t know if he even knew her age since she had been working in the shop since she was sixteen, and even back then he’d been the same way. But she wasn’t even sure if he was flirting. Whatever it meant, Desire decided not to tell Kim about her plans for the evening. The last thing she needed was a long lecture from Kim about Elias. Maybe he really did just want a haircut and a shave, and all of this talk about flirting was completely irrelevant.

And as the long hours dragged by and shadows began to crawl across the floor of the shop, pressing up against the front window like dogs begging to be let out into the night, Desire’s thoughts kept looping around between Elias and Kim. She couldn’t shake Kim’s advice, her warning about the creepiness of a thirty year old hitting on a nineteen year old, and the more she thought about it, the more she almost wanted to cancel the appointment.

But then it was ten minute before seven and Mrs. Heather was paying Desire for the cute matching haircuts on her twin daughters. Elias would be there in ten minutes.

The bell over the door chimed when he walked inside, and Desire lifted her head from where she’d been studying her texts from Kim. She’d finally made up her mind. Elias was off limits, at least until she was older, until she knew more about herself to be confident that they had enough in common to get along.

He’d changed out of his deliveryman uniform, and he was dressed in a pair of blue jeans and a button down white shirt. He smelled like cologne when he sat down in the first chair and swiveled around to face her. “I’m ready for my close-up, Miss Desire.”

His tone sent a shiver down her spine, but she nodded. “Of course, just lean back in the chair, and I’ll shave that beard off first, okay?”

“Sounds good.” He leaned back and closed his eyes.

Up close, when she was close enough to see his pores, to see the individual strands of his eyelashes and the small striations on his lips, Desire wondered how anyone could ever fall in love with anyone else. Up close, there were all of these tiny little flaws. She could see a small, pale scar along the left side of his nose, one side of his lips was shaped different from the other, and he was wearing far too much cologne.

Desire leaned back and sucked in a breath of clear air. It’