people. Kino wasn’t sure why Hyojong wasn’t there, but when he dropped down onto her bed and immediately hit her with one of her pillows, she desperately wished he was anywhere but there.

“What’s your problem lately?” He asked, lightly hitting her with the pillow again.

Kino kicked out, catching his knee. “Leave me alone.”

“No, not until you tell me what the problem is.”

Kino rolled over, hiding her face in the pillow that currently wasn’t being used as a weapon against her. “Why are you here of all the members? No offense, Hyojong-hyung, but you’re not exactly the most, uh, comforting among us.”

“Offense taken.” Hyojong slumped down onto the mattress. “I’m curious though, and right now, this whole week, you’ve been a curiosity. Why are you and Yuto fighting?”

“What makes you think we’re fighting?”

Hyojong snorted. “You’re barely speaking to each other, and when you do, it’s in the most hostile tones. And I’m not certain, but I think you’re being different around Changgu this week. Hui was whining about walking in on you two in the bathroom of the dressing room earlier.”

Kino’s face flushed with heat. “It’s nothing.”

“Right. It has nothing to do with you still being a girl, does it?” Kino turned to look sharply at him, just to find that Hyojong was ogling her butt. He grinned mischievously. “You’re cute. Even as a boy you were cute, but with boobs and stuff.” He gave her a thumbs up.

“Why are you saying this? What about Shinwon-hyung?”

Hyojong laughed. “Shinwon is very open-minded when it comes to our sex life, not that you really need any details about it. We may not be as open about it as you and Changgu with your weird public kink thing, but we probably wouldn’t mind if I invited you into bed with us.”

Kino scoffed, “Oh, gross!” and she swatted at Hyojong who rolled out of the way with a laugh. Not that Kino would ever admit it, but the idea had her feeling a little warm around the collar and in other places. That threesome that she’d brought up to Changgu was still a fantasy of hers, but it just hadn’t felt right with Hongseok. Shinwon had those shoulders though, and now that the thought had been planted in her mind, Kino couldn’t shake the thought of Hyojong’s devilish grin disappearing into the space between her thighs.

She rubbed at her eyes, trying to get rid of the image to no avail.

“You’d be into that, really though, wouldn’t you?” Hyojong asked, sitting up so that he was looking down at her. Kino had a sudden flash of memory, remembering that sight of a girl Hyojong, tits on display to the world.

A small part of her wanted to fist her hand in the other’s shirt, and drag his lips down onto hers and initiate this little story he’d started in her mind. Another part whispered “What about Changgu?” And the rest of her laid there in the bed, wishing that Hyojong would just leave her alone.

He seemed to be reading her mind.

He leaned down over her until his mouth was only a few breaths away, and he whispered, “Changgu could even watch, or join in, if he’s into that kind of thing. I could call them over right now if...”

Kino shot up, shoving Hyojong over as the hotel room’s door swung open and Yuto walked inside. She’d moved fast, but not fast enough for Yuto to miss the compromising position.

“I can see your nipples through your shirt.” Yuto said in a bored voice. Kino slowly covered her chest with her hands. He barely spared Hyojong a glance, and a moment later, the eldest of the three rolled off the bed and bounced out the door, pausing momentarily to wink at Kino before he shut the door behind him.

Her face was hot, she was still holding onto her breasts, and Yuto was glaring at her. She had the sense that she was about to get yelled at again.

She was right, sort of.

In an eerily calm manner, Yuto strode across the room and sat down on the edge of his bed, staring at her. “You really don’t love Changgu-hyung, do you? You’re cheating on him with Hyojong-hyung now?”

Kino shook her head, and slowly dropped her hands into her lap. “That’s not it. That wasn’t what it looked like. Hyung was just being an asshole.”

Yuto’s face showed that he didn’t believe her.

“Please, Yuto. I know you’re pissed at me about all of this, but can’t we please move on.” Kino looked up into the Japanese boy