pinching her nipple between two fingers. Another moan escaped, and some part of her mind hoped that the shower was loud enough to drown her out. She pumped the finger inside her, uncomfortable at first just because having a finger anywhere inside her was something she’d never done before, but after a moment, she found what she’d been looking for.

She’d spent enough time with girls before to know that it took two things to really get a girl off: external stimulation through the clit, and internal stimulation to the G-spot.

Kino bit into her bottom lip and whined, working a second finger inside herself. She leaned back against the wall, and fell back entirely into her fantasy.

Changgu had Kino’s back to the shower wall, her legs spread, one over her shoulder, and the other acting as the only thing keeping her from sliding down to the floor. Changgu had two fingers deep inside Kino, moaning as she licked around them, and her nose nudged against her clit, dragging tiny noises from Kino’s lips.

Changgu was beautiful, and Kino whispered her name as Changgu kissed her way toward her clit and when she sucked the small pearl between her lips. Kino played with her own nipples, pinching and tugging until she felt the pleasure burning, mounting inside her. She imagined Changgu pumping her fingers in and out of Kino, drilling them against her G-spot until white light burst in front of Kino’s eyes and a moan poured from her tongue that sounded like Changgu’s name.

When the haze of her organsm cleared, three of Kino’s fingers were buried inside her, and her knees shook with pleasure. She slid her fingers free and rinsed them off below the water, which was starting to run cold.

As she tiptoed back to her bedroom, hoping for a few hours of dreamless slumber, she cast one glance in the direction of the main area, in the direction of Changgu’s lumpy shadow. She’d be lucky if she could ever look Changgu in the eyes again after that.

 

-

 

Another few days passed, and there was only so long that they could drag out the food poisoning lie before their management team started to get very concerned and come check out the situation themselves. Kino had been texting their manager, telling him that they were starting to feel better, and maybe in a few more days they could start taking part in the schedule again. Already, she’d seen tons of tweets and messages from disappointed fans who’d arrived at fansigns only to find that three members were missing. She was getting tired of it, and she wasn’t the only one.

“I’m tired of being cooped up in here.” Changgu slammed a glass down onto the kitchen table one morning after breakfast. “It’s been a week and we’re still like this. I just want some fresh air, to stretch my legs. Does it really matter if anyone sees us like this?”

She wasn’t wearing much, which everyone had slowly grown used to. In her current state, it would be impossible for them to go out in public, not only because of the indecency of it all, but also because it was beyond clear that she wasn’t a boy. Her tank top had the sides cut down so low that the sides of her boobs were in clear view for everyone, and the super tight boxer briefs made it clear that there was no dick hiding beneath the fabric. Everyone, including Kino, could hardly take their eyes off her. Hyojong was no better, sitting in the other room between Hui and Shinwon, dressed only in a panties and a crop top she’d made out of one of Hui’s old shirts. Kino almost felt overdressed in her t-shirt and sweatpants.

Yanan pulled Changgu into his lap, and Changgu grumbled in reply. “I’m not a baby, Yanan. You can’t just pull me into your lap and cuddle with me.” Yanan didn’t answer, he only wrapped his arms around his best friend and squeezed her tightly.

Hongseok rubbed at his temple. “You know you can’t go out, Changgu. If anyone saw you, they’d wonder when you started being a girl.”

Changgu opened her mouth to argue, but Kino spoke up first. “Then go get us some girl clothes and we’ll tell everyone it’s a joke. That we’re filming something.” She was getting antsy too, but she knew that they couldn’t go out in public with boobs and no excuse as to why she had them. “We can pretend like we’re dressed up, and no one will think that any part of it is real.”

Changgu smiled and Yanan rested his chin on top of her head. Kino felt a cool sliver of something settling in her gut.

“You’d look pretty in a dress,” Yanan mumbled, face going red. “Hongseokie-hyung, let them have this. You’d be going crazy too if you were stuck in the dorm