it cleared so did Liam’s frown. In fact, his lips turned up in a smile. “How’d you go that? What did you do?” 

Zayn couldn’t see any difference at all in their reflection, but obviously Liam could. 

“What do you see?” Zayn prompted.

“I’m fit.” Liam laughed, “What does the spell do? I can’t believe you used one of our songs!” He stepped closer to the mirror, watching his own reflection as he ran a hand over his cheeks, over his cute belly and chest. He looked back over his shoulder, catching Zayn watching him.

Zayn didn’t know how to tell him that the spell made Liam see himself as Zayn saw him. Through Zayn’s eyes, Liam was fit as hell, a somewhat recent revelation to the elder of the two. It had only been within the last few months that Zayn had realized “Holy fuck I think I like Liam.”

“Zee?” Liam turned around, reaching for Zayn’s arm. “What’s the spell do?”

“Makes you see you through my eyes.” Zayn said, glancing away, back towards the bed. He wanted nothing more than to dive into it, hide under the covers and never resurface. He wasn’t sure, but it was unlikely that Liam felt the same way about him.

Liam laughed again, “Thank you! And that spell is genius, mate.” He wrapped Zayn in a hug, twirling and spinning him around all the way back over to the bed. “Thank you.”

A minute and a half later, Liam was passed out, snoring on the other half of Zayn’s bed, a silly grin still plastered on his face. 

A few more months passed by. Liam put off the small bit of extra weight he’d gained, but he still occasionally asked Zayn to cast a What makes you beautiful, and he claimed it was because he liked how it made him feel afterwards. 

“It’s like a feel-good hangover,” he’d explained one day. “I feel all warm and fuzzy inside.”

 Zayn had gone warm and hidden away for a few hours after that because that feeling was a lot like love. And love was exactly what he felt towards Liam. He knew that now. He knew that the warm tingles, the absolute sunbeam of a smile he couldn’t help but display around him, the need to create spells that would make Liam happier - those were all signs that he loved him, he was in love with him.

But to Zayn’s knowledge, Liam didn’t feel the same. 

Liam still dated girls, fucked them, talked about them, and it hurt Zayn to be witness to all of it. But he did. He suffered through it and continued to put on the happy face with a spells like a very carefully crafted If You’re Happy and You Know It which was miraculously a very sarcastic spell. 

Then came the day, a few shows into the On the Road Again tour, when they were at rehearsals. Liam broke the news.

“I’m single again.” He said the words cavalierly, tucking his phone back into his pocket, and glancing up to meet Zayn’s gaze. “Soph’s been in a real bad mood lately. Calling it off and then telling me she was wrong, and then all over again.” He rolled his eyes. “This time I’m not taking her back.”

Zayn felt like his heart was about to burst out of his chest. “What?”

“Yeah. We’re through.” Liam nodded. “I haven’t been really into her lately. Like, at all.” He shrugged, biting his lip. Zayn couldn’t believe Liam - the boy with hearts for eyes - was being so chill about the end of a long-term relationship. Not that Zayn was really complaining. Single Liam was a good Liam, in his books.

Louis shouted their names. Rehearsal resumed.

More news, this time not so great, hit them just a few hours later, just forty minutes before show time. 

“Niall’s not feeling well.” Harry emerged from the toilets, looking a bit green himself. “He’s puking. What do we do?” 

They’d never cancelled a show before for a sick member, but this was Niall who was the heart and jolly soul of their onstage personas. They could already hear the crowd out in the stadium, the opening act’s performance. Niall peered out of the door a few minutes later looking quite worse for wear. 

“Go on without me. It’ll be fine. You all know my parts, the band can fill in for me on the guitar. It’ll be alright, go.” He waved them all on, then ducked quickly back inside. The sound of being sick followed.

Quickly they divvied up Niall’s song parts among them.

It was in the last spare minutes before going on stage - in the hectic rush of finished