did you want –“

Bongsoon shook her head more fervently. “No, no.”

And then she was gone. She didn’t stop to grab her shoes or her purse, but she ran from the room and a moment later, Gukdoo heard the front door slam behind her. He only hoped that she’d at least grabbed her coat. It was still quite cold out there. Speaking of, he had gone to get breakfast and it was still sitting out in the kitchen. He turned back to Minhyuk. “So do you want the breakfast?”

Minhyuk sighed, “Oh, sure. What’d you bring us?” He tossed his arm around Gukdoo’s shoulder, and for some reason Gukdoo didn’t feel it was necessary to shrug it off. He let it happen and when they reached the kitchen, they sat down beside each other, close enough that their knees touched, and when they reached for the coffee that the coffeemaker had automatically begun brewing when the power came back on, their elbows, wrists, and hands brushed. Gukdoo tried to ignore the heat in his belly, and he turned the conversation to Bongsoon.

“Where do you think she went?” He asked, opening up the fast food breakfast he’d brought back.

“Probably home.” Minhyuk was shoveling food into his mouth as if he was starving. “But she left all of her stuff here, so she’ll come back.”

Gukdoo watched the way the other man’s cheeks bulged out as he put away food like some kind of chipmunk. “She left her shoes here, though. Shouldn’t we at least be worried about that?”

“My coat and shoes from beside the door over there are missing,” Minhyuk nodded over at the door to the entranceway. “She’ll be back.”

Gukdoo reached for his coffee and once again, the back of his hand somehow knocked into Minhyuk’s hand. Something like an electrical shock passed between them.

 

“I don’t know what to do!” Bongsoon threw herself onto the bed, jostling Kyungshim awake. Apparently it was still early in the morning, and Bongsoon was something like a wake-up alarm for her friend. She’d kicked her shoes off beside the bedroom door and the coat still hung from her shoulders (On the way home she may or may not have ridden the bus home with her nose buried in the collar, inhaling the scent of Minhyuk, and she could still feel the press of his lips on hers, the heat of Gukdoo against her back).

“Bongsoon,” Kyungshim groaned, rubbing at her eyes as she slowly sat up. “What’s wrong? I thought you were staying at your boss’s house until everything was all cleared up?” She shook her head so that some of her bed hair fell flat, and then she turned to look at Bongsoon again.

Bongsoon sighed into her pillow. “I don’t know what to do!”

“About what?” Kyungshim yawned.

Bongsoon’s voice was mumbled through the pillow, and after a few long moments of silence, she turned her head to the side for a fresh breath of air, and she said, “They both like me. Like a lot. And I like both of them probably more than a lot. How do I decide, Kyungshim?” She whined and hit her fists against the bed like a child throwing a tantrum. “And I may have kissed both of them, and it was wonderful, so that’s not like a deciding factor or anything.”

Kyungshim suddenly seemed more awake as she reached over and pressed her hands to either side of Bongsoon’s face and jerked her into an upright, sitting position. Her voice rose with every word of, “You did what, Bongsoon? Oh, my –“

Bongsoon clapped a hand over her best friend’s mouth. “Please! Keep quiet! The last thing I need is for my mother to overhear this and come tell me to propose marriage to Minhyuk right away! You know she won’t rest until that happens, and I don’t know what I should do.” She pouted again, letting her shoulders droop with a slight sob. “Help me, Kyungshim!”

“Oh, you sweet, strong girl!” Kyungshim continued to squish Bongsoon’s cheeks between her hands. “Bongsoon, why shouldn’t you date both of them?”

“I’ll have to break it off with one of them eventually, though. What if I haven’t decided if I like one of them more? I can’t just go on for forever with both of them, now can I?” Bongsoon opened her eyes. The first thing her gaze fell upon was the black band on Kyungshim’s wrist, the one Gukdoo had given to her.

“I’m a disaster. Like, what has my life become over these past few weeks? I work for an awesome guy at my dream job, I’ve become the target of a group of gangsters, there’s a freaky kidnapper guy on the loose who I’ve already beat