said quietly to himself.

 *******

It was occurring to him more and more – with the dreams, the need (no, the desire) to kiss the guys, especially Jackson – that maybe he wasn’t as perfectly straight as he’d thought. He was pretty sure he liked girls. But now he was thinking that guys might be a possibility too – or at least just the other members of GOT7.

More and more he stuck himself to Jackson’s side, clinging to him around the dorm, trying to earn kisses in any way possible. It got to the point where all the other guys were noticing it, were questioning it, and finally one day Jaebum pulled Jinyoung aside.

“Are you and Jackson dating?” He asked.

“What? No. Why?” Jinyoung hopped away. “Are you jealous or something? Oh, Jaebum!” He wrapped an arm around the elder’s neck, and pressed a wet kiss to his cheek. “I can show you love too.”

Jaebum groaned and leaned away from Jinyoung’s lips. “I’m not jealous. I’m just wondering why you’re always on him. Why does it feel like every time I walk in to a room where it’s just the two of you, you’ve just stopped making out?”

Jinyoung shook his head. “Jackson refuses to make out with me on principal. Are you just asking this because he’s bisexual and I like kissing boys? Because that doesn’t mean we’re automatically going to be interested in dating each other.” Jaebum raised his eyebrows, and Jinyoung sighed. “I’m hanging around Jackson so much because he’s the only one that doesn’t act really weird about kissing me. He lets me kiss him, and he actually kisses me back.”

A door a few feet away and Mark appeared. His hair was ruffled from sleep, pillow lines creating shapes on his cheek, and he looked back and forth between Jinyoung and Jaebum’s faces, down to their tangled arms and the lack of space between their bodies. His face flushed slightly pink. “Sorry to interrupt. Can’t believe you’re still trying to get some from JB. Aren’t your lips chapped from kissing Jackson yet? I can’t think of the last time I saw you two apart.”

Jinyoung took a step back from Jaebum and frowned at Mark.

“If you’re disgusted by me just say it, but stop dancing around the fact that I’m kissing everyone but you, and you’re the only one who minds.” Jinyoung spat in Mark’s direction before turning down the hall to his bedroom. He heard voices arguing behind him, but he couldn’t make out what they were saying, and he didn’t really care. He climbed in bed and pulled the sheets over his head. He didn’t care that with the blankets over his head the summer heat would possibly suffocate him, and he just wanted to curl up and forge all about the world outside the dark world of his bed covers.

Maybe it was days later or just a few hours, but eventually someone came into Jinyoung’s room. They didn’t knock or announce themselves, but through the haze of heat under his blanket, he heard the door open and footsteps pad across the floor. He felt the mattress sink as they sat down in the open spot beside him, slipping in and fitting their body into the narrow strip of unused bed. With his head buried beneath the blankets, Jinyoung couldn’t tell who it was. For all he knew it could’ve been a fan that had snuck inside the dorm, but based off the smell of sweat and fading men’s deodorant, Jinyoung didn’t think it was a girl.

After a few more moments of quiet, Jinyoung startled as a hand clenched the blanket right beside his face and yanked it away. Surprisingly cool air rushed against his skin, and he had to close his eyes against the burst of bright daylight coming in through his window. A voice beside him said, “Were you planning on suffocating in there?”

Jinyoung slowly opened his eyes and looked up at Mark’s face, so close to his for the first time in weeks. “No. Maybe. What are you doing in here?”

He was tempted to roll away as far as the bed would let him, but before he could, Mark threw a leg over his, pinning him to the spot. “Everyone else is gone and you’ve been in here all day. I figured I should come apologize and probably make sure you were still, like, breathing.”

“Okay, then. I’m waiting.” Jinyoung scooted back, putting a little bit of distance between them, and then he folded his arms over his chest. “Apologize, hyung.”

Mark sighed and rolled over onto his back to stare at the ceiling. He reached a hand up to ruffle through his hair, all without saying a word. Jinyoung turned so that he was on his back as well,