, and the drag as she began bobbing her head up and down.

She hated the sound, the slick noise of saliva rolling out of the corners of her mouth, the faint popping of suction, the horrible sound and feeling when she gagged as Shinwon’s tip nudged the back of her throat.

A long moan spilled from Shinwon’s lips, and Hyojong looked up at his face, at the way he desperately bit at his lip. He raised his head just enough to catch her watching him, tearing another eager moan from his tongue. “Hyojong-noona,” he whimpered, bucking up into her mouth, gagging her again. Uncuff me, please. Please. I want to touch you.”

Hyojong pulled off his cock and wrapped her hand firmly around him, thumbing against the vein that ran along the underside of his cock. She wanted his touch, to feel his fingers sliding into her, his arms strong around her, his mouth on the underside of her jaw. But she also liked the feeling of being in control, having the power of Shinwon’s orgasm held prisoner with her touch.

“Beg for it, Shinwon.”

He moaned and dropped his head back onto the pillow. “Noona, please. I’ll do anything for you.” He thrust up into her hand, desperate for the friction that she denied him as she squeezed her hand around the base of his cock.

“Lay still, baby.” She pressed her free hand to his chest. “I’ll uncuff you if you promise to stay still. Do you?” Shinwon nodded frantically.

Hyojong smirked and leaned forward, keeping one hand flat on his chest, and the other pulled the key from its spot taped to the back of the bed. “Don’t move,” she repeated against his lips, and twisted the key into the lock.

Shinwon didn’t wait for Hyojong to unlock the second cuff. He reached for her face immediately, only muttering a half apology against her lips when the cuff knocked against her jaw. He kissed the taste of himself from her tongue, desperately digging his fingers into her hair, trying to get her closer.

Hyojong reached behind her, wrapping her hand around Shinwon’s cock, and pulling him toward her pussy. When she pushed back onto him, moaning as she stretched around his girth, Shinwon sighed, slipping a hand down to her hip, reaching around to thumb at her clit. Hyojong gasped, sinking down on Shinwon, thighs spreading around his hips.

He sat up, tugging her closer, mouth closing around her nipple.

“Shinwon,” She moaned, twisting her fingers through his hair, and steadying herself with a hand on one of his wide shoulders. His tongue flicked over her nipple, thumb gliding over her clit, and Hyojong circled her hips again, whimpering Shinwon’s name.

“Noona.” Shinwon gripped her hip, grinding up into her. “Let me. Please, let me.”

“Let you what, baby?” She panted, bouncing on his cock.

“Do this, Hyojong-noona.”

Before she knew it, Hyojong was on her back, legs wrapped around Shinwon’s waist as he drilled into her, still thumbing over her clit, whispering and moaning dirty things into her ear.

Within moments, Hyojong was cumming, biting at Shinwon’s shoulder to avoid screaming his name. Shinwon hoisted Hyojong’s thighs up, and thrust into her harder. The slapping sound of his hips against her ass echoed through the room as he fucked her harder.

“I’m gonna –“

Hyojong didn’t give him a chance to finish, she jerked his mouth down to hers, swallowing his moan, savoring the taste of her own name.

“Fuck, noona, that was great.” Shinwon rolled off her onto his back. Hyojong buried her face in her pillow. She felt rather than heard Shinwon taking off the condom and throwing it away, but she didn’t look up from the pillow, too haunted by the words he’d said in the height of his passion, whispers in her ear. The words about her, specifically about her tits and pussy.

She shivered.

“Do you just find me attractive because of this body I’m in right now?” Her voice was muffled, her face hot, and she didn’t dare to look up at Shinwon, too embarrassed by her own question.

“What are you talking about?” Shinwon laughed, kissing over her shoulder and tracing the lines of her tattoos. “Of course I like you as a girl.”

Hyojong rolled her shoulder, pushing Shinwon’s hand away. “I mean, if I was a guy again would you still like me, or is the thought of me with a dick repulsive?”

The heat of Shinwon disappeared and the bed creaked as he moved away. “What are you asking? I’m not gay, Hyojong-noona. Are you?”

In the silence that followed, Hyojong heard her heartbeat loud in her ears, beating hard against her breast. She wasn’t gay. She’d never really thought in depth