to the side and he groans. "Tony."

Tony bites back his own groan. When Steve says his name like that, so husky and needy and like Tony's his everything, Tony's unbearably aroused and devastatingly humbled. Tony wants to hear more.

"Does that feel good?" he whispers in Steve's ear, his lips brushing over the shell.

All Tony wants to do is make Steve feel good. He watches Steve's face in the mirror, fixated and intense, watches one blissful expression replace another as Tony works on loosening all the knots coiled tight in Steve's shoulders. Tony listens greedily as Steve gives him audible proof of how good Tony's making him feel, and it's not long before Steve's sagging against him, his eyes almost closed as the relaxing lethargy from the massage overtakes him.

"Better?" Tony asks quietly when Steve's been reduced to mere whimpers and soft moans, practically boneless in Tony’s arms.

Steve nods and drops his head down on Tony's shoulder, Tony's arms going back around Steve to hold him close.

"Tony, I…" Steve half turns around and lifts his head so he can press a kiss to the underside of Tony's jaw. "Thank you."

The awe and gratitude Tony can hear in those two little words are definitely more than Tony deserves. Still, he just tightens his arms around Steve and leans down so he can kiss Steve's parted lips. Steve kisses back, moving his lips gently over Tony's and pushing his tongue in Tony’s mouth, and Tony quickly remembers that Steve's naked in his arms, naked and warm and very tempting. It’s only natural that one of his hands slides further down until his fingers brush the hair at Steve's groin. Steve's breath hitches when Tony starts tugging on the hairs teasingly, and Tony smirks against Steve's lips.

"Tony…"

Tony likes the slightly breathy quality to Steve's voice and the need he can hear underlying his name. "Yeah?" Tony asks, tugging harder and licking the shell of Steve's ear, blowing hot air over it and making Steve shiver. "Do you want something?"

As always, Steve's never difficult to arouse, and when Tony curls his fingers around Steve's cock at Steve's whispered, "Please," Steve's already hard and eager. Steve gasps and thrusts shallowly into Tony's hand.

"Feels like you have some tension here, Cap," Tony says, stroking Steve slow and light, teasing. "I'm sure I can work that out, too."

Steve huffs out a quiet chuckle and reaches a hand around to grab the back of Tony's head. "Only you can," he says, and Tony's arousal spikes as it does every time Steve plays into his possessiveness.

Tony moves his hand faster, wanting to make Steve come and remind him that yes, Tony is the only one who can. "Look at yourself," he orders. "I want you to watch yourself fall apart under my hands."

Steve's next breath is shaky and he doesn't answer Tony verbally, but he does turn his head and look into the mirror as Tony told him. Their eyes meet, and seeing Steve obey, seeing him flushed, his chest heaving and muscles straining has Tony’s cock throbbing in his jeans. There’s something about being fully clothed while Steve’s bare, something about the contrast and friction that’s making Tony lose his mind.

Steve’s fingers tighten around Tony’s neck, digging into the skin so hard that there will be bruises, and he pants wetly as gorgeous pleasured murmurs and moans of Tony’s name repeatedly fall from his lips. Steve has very impressive stamina when he has a mind for it, something the both of them take advantage whenever they can, but Tony prides himself on his ability to test that stamina and see how quickly he can make Steve lose control.

He keeps stroking Steve, making his grip a little firmer, and slides his other hand back up Steve’s chest, fingertips teasing along the dips and lines of Steve’s muscles until he can rub over Steve’s nipples.

“Oh!” Steve says pleased, jerking in his arms, and Tony smirks in satisfaction; he loves hearing Steve’s enjoyment. Steve’s nipples are definitely a hot spot of his, and they immediately peak under Tony’s hands.

Steve’s still watching them in the mirror, and Tony’s not sure how much more of that dark and intense gaze he can take, or just seeing Steve’s naked body on perfect display. Dropping his head down, Tony nips along Steve’s shoulders, sucking and licking to soothe any tiny hurt, and Steve practically melts in his arms from the overload of sensation, sagging heavily against Tony.

Tony doesn’t mind. “C’mon,” he encourages, swiping his thumb over the head of Steve’s cock and pinching a