insinuation lacing them that goes right to Tommy's horny dick.

And holy fuck, did it just get hot in here. Chris' eyes meet Tommy's and there's no mistaking the heat in them. It's a little jarring, because just five minutes ago he and Chris were sitting here in uncomfortable silence, subtly checking each other out, and now Chris is practically eye-fucking him.

Not that Tommy has any problem with that; it's really, really hot. He was going to take Chris to the beach, walk up and down the boardwalk, maybe pop into an arcade or ice cream shop, but he's perfectly fine with scrapping that plan and getting to know Chris in bed instead.

Chris licks his lips, his fingers still caressing Tommy's arms.

Tommy's really okay with it.

"You wanna get outta here?" he asks, pitching his voice low and husky so there's no mistaking his intent.

Chris' eyes widen just a bit at Tommy's blunt question and he swallows, Adam's apple moving. He recovers quickly and nods. "Yeah," he says.

The eagerness he's trying to hide is a huge fucking turn-on, too.

Tommy doesn't waste any time in dragging him out of the coffee shop.

As soon as Tommy gets the door shut, Chris is all over him, lips hot and demanding over his, hands running over Tommy's body. Tommy's not idle himself, returning Chris' kiss with a passion that surprises even him as he maneuvers them toward his bedroom. He fumbles with the doorknob, but he's able to get a hold of it and wrenches it open, pulling Chris inside.

It's not until then that their lips finally part, Tommy's heart pounding and his hard cock straining uncomfortably against the tight leather. Chris is staring at him, his face flushed and his lips red and begging to be kissed.

"Fuck, you're gorgeous," Tommy says, unable to resist reaching out and tangling his fingers in Chris' hair and crushing their lips together again.

Chris gives as good as he gets, practically climbing on Tommy, and pressing so close not even air is between them. Tommy takes a step backward and his calves bump against his bed, and he looses his balance, falling back. Chris goes down with him, unconcerned at the abrupt change in orientation, his lips still devouring Tommy's as he wraps his arms around Tommy, his legs on either side of him. The new position pushes their groins together and it draws a low groan from both of them.

Chris rips his lips away and attaches them to Tommy's neck, sucking for all he's worth and wildly rocking his hips.

Tommy can't hold in a moan, his own hips rolling into Chris', and he grabs Chris' ass, squeezing and shamelessly groping him. It feels good, fuck it feels good, but Tommy needs more.

"Chris," he gasps out. "Clothes. Off."

It takes a second, but Chris straightens, sitting on Tommy's stomach, panting. Tommy can feel his neck faintly throbbing, and he'll definitely have a hickey there tomorrow. He doesn't care. It's fucking hot. He's got plenty of concealer, anyway.

Chris looks down at him, bottom lip pulled between his teeth, already looking debauched and wanton, and then he's grabbing the hem of Tommy's shirt and tugging it up and off. The cool air in the room makes goosebumps rise on Tommy's stomach.

Chris pulls off his own shirt, and then goes to work on his jeans, Tommy following suit. Tommy's desperate to get Chris naked, to feel his skin and get a look at the hard cock that's been tempting him.

His eyes nearly roll back into his head when their dicks touch for the first time, hot skin against hot skin. Chris immediately starts moving, and Tommy can barely look at him. Chris is too sexy like that, naked and rocking over Tommy, eyes closed and little gasps and murmurs rolling off his lips as he works himself closer to orgasm.

Instead, Tommy has to close his eyes, his fingers finding and digging into the tender flesh of Chris' hips, and just focuses on the sensations, the feeling of Chris' cock rubbing over and against his.

"Tommy," Chris says, and it's the sexiest plea Tommy's ever heard.

"Yeah," Tommy encourages, thrusting his hips up and earning him a gasp from Chris. "C'mon. Just a little more."

The friction burn is just on the right side of painful, and it only takes a few minutes to get Tommy right on the edge. He'd be embarrassed, but Chris is in the same situation, and that's just hot any way Tommy looks at it. The pleasure builds and builds, intense and sharp, and suddenly, it's too much and Tommy's coming all over both