of his hands and squeezes. This gets him a surprised grunt from Derek, but when he starts kneading and massaging his ass, Derek groans and pushes back into his hands. "You're such a glutton, Derek," Spencer admonishes, but his tone is fond.

He could probably get Derek out of bed now if he stopped. Spencer would run to the shower and Derek would follow him, horny and irritated. Derek would fuck him up against the wall in the shower, Spencer loving every moment of it, and it'd make them late, but at least Derek would be in the shower. That would be a step closer to leaving the house.

As appealing as that thought it, Spencer discards it. Now that he has Derek pliant beneath him, he has something else in mind for Derek this morning. Spencer's fingers dip into the crack of Derek's ass and part the cheeks, exposing his hole. "Look what I found," he says cheekily. "A tiny little hole that's just begging to be eaten."

Spencer lost his inhibitions and shame a long time ago. He's never met a man who gets off on dirty talk as much as Derek does, and somewhere in the two years they've been together, Spencer's picked up on it. It was a little unnerving how much he found he liked it, but he accepted it a while ago.

Finally, Derek speaks. "Fuck, babe, fucking do something."

"Oh," Spencer says, feigning surprise. His thumb rubs teasingly over Derek's hole. "Derek. I didn't know you were awake."

Derek makes a frustrated noise low in his throat. "Yes you did, Pretty Boy. You started this, you better finish it." He moves so that he's kneeling on the bed, cheek pressed into his pillow. He exhales sharply when his erect cock isn't pushing into the mattress anymore. "Get your tongue in my ass."

"So vulgar, Derek." Spencer clicks his tongue, chuckling at Derek's resulting growl.

"Look who's talking," Derek says, the words half-muffled by his face being burrowed into the comforter. "Sometimes I can't believe the filth that comes out of your mouth. You'd make a stripper blush."

Spencer licks his hole to shut him up. He debates teasing Derek, making him beg for it, but he doesn't really have the patience to do that. Giving them both what they want, Spencer licks and sucks Derek's ass, alternating between quick, kitten laps and long, broad strokes. It all has Derek moaning and keening, demanding more.

Derek tries to curse, only coming up a half-heard sentence, and finally pulls himself together enough to spit out, "More, Spencer. Fuck, more, c'mon."

Spencer holds Derek's ass open as much as possible, and making a point with his tongue, he pushes against the tightly closed skin, penetrating just a little bit. Using more force, Spencer works the tip of his tongue inside Derek, tasting the earthy, musky essence of him.

"God, Spencer," Derek says roughly. "Your fucking tongue."

Spencer takes that as the compliment he knows it is. He opens Derek up as much as possible this way before he pulls back. He smacks his lips together. "Delicious."

Derek exhales shakily. "Is that all you got, Pretty Boy?"

Even though Derek can't see it, Spencer raises an eyebrow at him. "Oh, Derek," he starts, "you didn't really just challenge me, did you?"

"What if I did?"

"Then you're going to lose," Spencer says simply. Picking the lube back up, he opens it and squirts some onto his fingers, tossing it away when he's done. Derek jerks when Spencer's slick fingers rub over his slightly stretched hole.

Spencer strokes over the skin, barely touching. Every other pass, two fingers press just a little inside. It's enough to tease, but not nearly enough to satisfy Derek.

"Baby, c'mon," Derek says. He pushes his ass back impatiently.

"What? Do you want something?" Spencer stops teasing for a moment, gripping Derek's hips tightly. "Something like this, maybe?" he says, and without warning, he thrusts two fingers up Derek's ass, deep.

"Fuck!" Derek yells, caught off guard, but he moans when Spencer moves his fingers, twisting them around.

"Is this what you wanted, Derek?" He's surprised his voice is as steady as it is considering his penis is painfully erect and throbbing.

"Yes," Derek hisses. "Fuck me."

The blunt demand sends a little thrill through Spencer. Though he prefers bottoming and Derek prefers topping, they still enjoy switching things up now and again. And damn if both of them don't get into it when the usual roles are flipped.

"Maybe later," Spencer