promise, the faster his heart beats, a smile breaking out on his face. Opening the door, being careful that he doesn’t completely rip it off the hinges, he steps in the house, the heavy burden of the day lifting from him at the sight of Jensen in the kitchen area. He's got the radio on, playing some classic rock type music as he makes some sandwiches for dinner, so he's oblivious to Jared's arrival.

Jared shrugs his jacket off, laying it across the back of the well-worn but surprisingly comfortable couch, and then makes his way over to Jensen. Wrapping his arms snuggly around Jensen's waist, Jared kisses his way along his jaw. "Hey."

Jensen leans back into his embrace easily, angling his head so he can see Jared. "Hey," he says quietly, smiling a bit. “I’ve been waiting for you.”

Leaning down, Jared takes his lips in a deep, warm, and comfortable kiss. Jensen opens up to him, letting Jared have anything he asks for, just as he always has. Finding the hem of Jensen's shirt, Jared slips his hand under it so he can caress Jensen’s stomach as they kiss, the skin smooth and supple.

"God, I love you so much," Jared whispers when he breaks the kiss some moments later, his arms tightening almost painfully around Jensen from the force of the emotion behind his words. Resting his forehead against Jensen's temple, he continues, "I'd be lost without you, Jen."

Pulling away slightly, Jensen turns around in Jared's arms, lips curved down a bit in a frown.

Jensen's hands come up and smooth the worry lines from Jared's brow. "Hey, what's wrong? Are you thinking silly things again?"

Jared smiles a little. Jensen knows him so well, can tell what he’s thinking from just a look. "No. I just... I'm..." he trails off, frustrated with his inability to articulate what he's feeling.

"Hey, I get it. I do," Jensen says, gently running his fingers through Jared's hair.

Jensen always seems to understand what Jared can't say.

"But it's okay," Jensen says. "We're okay. We have a house, our jobs, food, each other. What else really matters?"

It's not that simple. It can't be. "But you deserve more than that," Jared spits out bitterly, angry with himself. "You deserve better than me."

Jensen looks surprised at his sudden out burst of self-hatred. "Maybe I deserve more, but so do you," he says, his words firm and strong, filled with conviction. "And I certainly do not deserve better than you. There is nothing better than you."

"But-,"

"No," Jensen cuts in sharply. "Stop it. Just stop it. Sure, our life isn't perfect, but we're together, Jared. After everything we've been though, we're together and we're strong. We have more than a lot of people have."

Jared's eyes fall away, breaking contact. Jensen’s never blamed him for how they have to live, but sometimes insecurities overwhelm Jared, bringing those feelings of worthlessness and inadequacy that he tries so hard to hide to the surface. Not to mention the fear, the fear that someday Jensen will realize that Jared is only holding him back, that he'd be better off without him. And when that day comes, Jensen will leave him, and Jared doesn’t know how he will be able to survive.

Jensen's hands, rough and calloused from years of hard work, cup his face, forcing Jared's head to turn.

"Look at me."

Jensen's voice is low and firm, but not harsh, not cold. Hesitantly, Jared obeys, meeting his eyes. 

"I love you," Jensen says. "Nothing will ever change that. I wouldn't trade my life with you for all the money and comforts in the world. None of that would mean anything if I didn't have you. Do you understand that?"

There's really only one answer for that. "Yes," Jared whispers, pulling Jensen closer to him. "Yes."

"Good," Jensen murmurs, sliding his hands up so that they twine around Jared's neck. Gently applying pressure, Jensen coaxes his head down. "Now kiss me."

Jared smiles before he presses his lips to Jensen's, his tongue slipping inside Jensen’s inviting mouth easily. The tension in his body melts away in the face of their kiss, and Jared eagerly takes in all the love and desire Jensen is giving him, letting it wash away the frustration and worry from the day.

When Jensen pulls back long moments later, he smiles, his lips slick and pink. "You feel better?" he asks, his thumb