top coat, but Brad grabs his hand before Adam can. "I know that because I have eyes," Brad says. "And it is my wedding day, so I can talk about whatever I want."

Adam recognizes the stubborn tone, and sighs, lifting his head. "Brad, please. I don't want to talk about this now."

Brad stares at him a moment. "So when? You don't have a lot of time - he's leaving tomorrow. And I swear to god, Adam, if you let him leave again, you don't want to know what I'm going to do to you. But it'll hurt."

This time Brad lets him grab the top coat. "I will," Adam says once he's finished one hand. "I have to. I've been thinking about it since the instant I saw him standing on your porch. There," he says, studying his handiwork. "Pretty and shiny. Just like you."

Brad laughs and holds up his hand, scrutinizing his nails. "It'll do."

Adam knows Brad's teasing, but he says, "I don't know why I put up with you."

"Because I'm irresistible," Brad says, and Adam just rolls his eyes, standing up.

"At least Steve's going to be the one putting up with you most of the time soon. Do you want me to do your make-up now?"

"I want you to be happy, Adam," Brad says instead, and Adam knew it was too much to hope for that Brad would let this go so easily. 

"Brad..."

"I want you to be happy," Brad says again. "And Tommy's the one who will make you happy. Maybe it was the wrong time before, I don't know, but I do know that letting him go again is a mistake. You mess this chance up and you won't get another one."

Brad leans up on his toes and places a light kiss on Adam's mouth. "You can be happy," he whispers, and Adam has to close his eyes from the rush of emotion. He wants it, wants to be happy with Tommy. Brad might not know, but Adam knows they did have to break-up three years ago - they both needed it so they could be selfish for a while, accomplish some of their goals, not be so dependent on one another. But now Adam needs Tommy back; being apart, their only contact the odd email or phone call every month, is not an option anymore; it's not enough.

"I know," Adam says, and when he looks at Brad, Brad's smiling.

"Good. And besides," he says, waving a hand, "Steve really liked Tommy, and I miss him, too. I want to double date."

Brad's always been able to lighten the mood, and Adam chuckles. "Sure, we'll double date."

"I'm glad you see things my way," Brad says haughtily. "And now make-up."



*

Brad doesn’t bring Tommy up again the rest of the morning, for which Adam is thankful. He already has plenty to think and worry about without Brad adding on to it. By nine, Brad is dressed and beautiful, nearly vibrating with excitement, and Adam's finally able to get his own shower. He's not overly surprised to find Brad wrapped up in Steve's arms once he comes downstairs when he's dressed. Brad may have wanted to sleep apart, but there was no way Brad would have been able to wait until the actual wedding to see Steve. 

Wanting to give them some privacy, Adam checks on the back yard to make sure everything's still perfect, and then the rest of the morning passes in a blur with the caterer, musicians, justice of the peace, and photographer arriving and Adam making sure they're all prepared. Adam doesn't even get to take more than a few calming breaths because the guests starting arriving, and everything devolves into chaos, at least it feels that way to Adam.

By the time everyone is seated in the backyard and the first chords of the wedding march that Brad insisted on are playing, Adam's ready for a drink. He was too busy to speak more than a few passing words to Tommy, but Adam's been hyper aware of Tommy's presence on his periphery. Brad struts down the aisle, confident and assured like it's a runway, and Steve waits for him at the end with such a loving expression on his face that it almost feels like Adam's barging in on an intimate moment. The ceremony itself isn't long as it isn’t a religious service, and Adam's not too proud to admit that he had to blink back tears hearing Brad's declaration of love and devotion, and Steve's answering promise. It was thoroughly by Adam's sheer force