against the pain in his chest. His body wants to curl forward, around the pain but the rope on his wrists and ankles keep in awkwardly splayed out. He doesn’t know how long he’s been trapped wherever he is, doesn’t know how long he’s been apart from Nisi but if he feels this awful, if it’s this painful, she must be… she’s probably getting close to… 


A fast thumping sound, faint and a little far away, catches his ears. It’s not human - too fast to be human. It’s an animal heart beat. There’s the sound of scraping and digging - quick, light and sharp digging. The thumping sound gets louder. Derek twists and turns, trying to orient himself to it. There’s a small sliver of light coming in from the door that leads upstairs, to what, Derek doesn’t know. The sliver provides enough illumination that Derek can squint into the partial darkness and thinks he sees the ground in the corner moving slightly. The digging sound gets louder and then there’s the smell of damp earth and the thumping is clear and close.


Then Derek smells something else. 


Stiles.


No, not Stiles, but close. Damn close. Close enough that…


Derek blinks when he sees her, not sure if what he’s seeing is real. Given the way Stiles is always able to heft her about and given the pictures he saw on the internet, Derek knew she was small but he still didn't expect her to be so diminutive. She’s tiny. He can’t imagine her being more than five pounds. 


Sofer. 


She pushes her way out of the small hole in the ground that she dug through and makes a beeline for him. She shakes herself all over once, throwing dirt off her coat. She’s pale, even in the half-light. Her nose is a dark spot against the white of her snout. Derek can’t move, is afraid he’s hallucinating as he sees her easily fit through the metal bars of the cage and then paw at the mountain ash line just inside the cell, breaking it. She pads closer to him, her steps light and trotting. He can just barely make out her face - delicate, pointed snout. Huge, sweeping ears. He’s not sure if it’s the darkness or his state, but he can’t quite make out both of her eyes. Just a dark impression of where they are. 


“Sofer.”


Her nose twitches when he says her name and then twitches again as she sniffs him. She immediately trots around to the back of him and Derek flinches when he feels her cold, wet nose on his wrist. He feels the warm, quick dart of her tongue against the flesh of his hand and a shiver runs through him, easing some of the pain in his chest from Nisi’s absence. Sofer’s not his daemon, but she’s a daemon, a daemon of Derek’s pack and though he’s never even seen her before, in a way she’s familiar to him. He can feel and hear her nibbling on the wolfsbane ropes and when her sharp, tiny teeth finally cut through and the rope falls from his wrists, he sighs in relief. He pulls his arms around him and out of the corner of his eye, sees her dart down to his feet and start nibbling away on the bindings there. 


Sofer makes quick work of the rope at his feet as well and suddenly, Derek’s free. He curls forward, around the ache in his chest, feeling woozy and sick from Nisi’s absence. If Sofer’s here, it means they know where he is, they’re coming for him. They must have Nisi. She must be safe. 


He startles, feeling a jolt again when Sofer climbs onto his legs and then burrows against his midsection. 


He’s touching Stiles’ daemon. It’s taboo. Forbidden. But she’s curling against his stomach, warm and she smells like Stiles. Like pack. Derek’s hands shake as reaches toward her. Even though she touched him first, he’s afraid as he reaches for her, that she’ll bolt, and he’ll be alone again, waiting for a fate worse than death. He pets her small head; her entire skull fitting easily in his hands. Her whisker’s are smooth but sharp at the tip and she wiggles her snout when he pets over them, nipping lightly at his fingers when he feels for the edges of them to see how long they are. 


Derek knows he should be getting up and breaking out of the cell and he will, he will. He just needs a minute. He can’t help but curl himself around Sofer’s warm, slight body. Her fur is soft and fluffy. She huffs against his waist, leaving a damp, cool section on his shirt. He trails his fingers over her scalp, pausing when he reaches a strange,