and dies instantly. Shot in the leg and bleeds out. Gut shot and waits for the paramedics for an hour before dying on the way to the hospital. A perp slashes at him with a knife and severs the carotid artery spraying blood all over an alley. A perp stabs him in the chest and perforates his lung. A drunken idiot lands a lucky punch and knocks him against the cruiser and he dies. He gets slashed by a rogue omega that they didn't’ even know was in town and despite the fact that his dad knows about werewolves, he doesn’t get a chance to use his wolfsbane bullets. He has a heart attack and god dammit Stiles knew, he knew his dad was cheating on his diet and not taking all his meds. 

“Hey Stiles,” Deputy Mike says with a smile and Stiles is just waiting, waiting for the words to come out of his mouth. I’m sorry, Stiles, but there was an incident and your dad, well, he didn’t make it.

“My dad?” he manages.

“He’s in the hospital. He was… well… there was an accident on the highway, during a chase.”

Stiles is confused. He didn’t even think about a car accident. 

“But… how’s… I mean, he’s…” he can’t put enough words together to form a sentence. He feels  cold and a little sweaty. “A car accident?”

Deputy Mike nods. “Yeah. High speed chase and the road-” He shakes his head. “Well, it doesn't really matter.” 

Stiles wants to shout at him that no, it does! It does matter but he finds himself nodding along. 

“But your dad, he was awake and lucid before they took him to the hospital and he asked us, well anyone from the station really, to swing by and get you.”

Stiles is halfway out the door before he registers Deputy Finn’s hand on his chest. “Stiles, why don’t you go get some shoes on and maybe grab your phone and your wallet or anything else you want. Mike and I will wait here for you. It’s okay.”

He looks dumbly down at his bare feet on the porch and thinks, no, no it’s not okay but he manages to nod and it’s all kind of a blur but he finds himself back outside with sneakers on and his wallet and his phone. 

“We have time for you to put some jeans on or something, Stiles.”

“I just wanna go,” Stiles says, lips feeling numb and thick. 

“Okay then. Let’s get in the car.”

The ride to the hospital is a blur of lights and pavement and at this time of night… morning, Stiles guesses, it doesn’t take long at all. Deputy Finn parks the car in one of the spots that states it’s reserved for doctors and Stiles wonders who would even ticket her if they had a mind to. 

The smell of the hospital is always cloying. Thick and heavy and it always feels like it gets stuck in his soft pallet. Mike kind of steers Stiles to a chair and pushes him gently down on it while saying something about trying to go in the back and see if they can get Stiles back to see his dad. 

Stiles is alone in the front waiting room. He fumbles for a second with his phone and before he even realizes what he’s doing, he’s dialed and is listening to it ring in his ear. 

“‘lo. What? God, what time is it?”

Derek’s voice is gravelly and low on the phone. Clearly the voice of someone who’s just been woken from a deep sleep and Stiles is frozen, unable to say anything. His throat is tight, painful and if he says something, if even one word manages to make its way out, then maybe the whole thing will collapse and he’ll start crying and he can’t cry because he doesn’t even know anything yet. 

“Hello?”

Stiles wants to say something, he does. He just can’t. He hears a rustling sound over the line, like Derek is shifting or moving. 

“Stiles? You’re on caller ID. You better not have rolled over on your phone and dialed me in your sleep. It’s four in the fucking morning.”

The nurse behind the desk is calling out for a patient, that they’re ready to set his arm now and some guy cradling his arm wearily gets up and settles himself back down in the wheelchair she has for him.

“You sound like you’re at the hospital? Are you okay? What’s going on? Stiles?”

“My dad -” is all Stiles manages for the second time. He swallows hard and clenches his fist. “Can you come?”

“I’m on my way. What happened? Who’s with you? Is Scott there?”

Stiles manages a big breath in that threatens to come back out like a sob. “