films, he  was silent. His blue eyes flickering over the screen carelessly.  Disinterested.

Though Beckett had maintained Rodney could still eat as he normally did, Rodney stopped joining them for meals in the mess.

He smiled less and less and when he did, it didn’t reach his eyes.

While  it could never be claimed that Rodney was a nice boss, he was always  engaged. He always knew what everyone was working on, why it was wrong  and what they needed to do to fix it. He was generally more than happy  to let each and every scientist know what they needed to do.

Now  he just fixed their work and dismissed them with cold, clinical eyes.  Told them flatly their work was wrong and they were no longer needed on  the project.

When Rodney had been turned, they’d all been so excited over the physical changes they were completely unprepared and ignorant of the other changes.

“John.”

Rodney’s voice, carried on the darkness snapped him back to the present.

“I don’t want to force you, but I will if you persist in being unreasonable.”

John  could tell by the way Rodney’s voice echos that Rodney was across the  lab, in the doorway. Just as he was sure that from his voice, Rodney  knew exactly where he was as well.

“No-fucking-thanks, McKay.” McKay, McKay - think only of McKay and not of Rodney.

A  long suffering sigh emanated from Rodney’s lips. “John. Please. You  have to trust me on this. It’s for your safety. For the safety of  Atlantis.”

“Like killing half the science team was for the safety of Atlantis?” John shot back quickly.

“Yes,  John. It was. Atlantis agreed with me. They were endangering us all.  They were careless and unknowledgeable. More important, they indicated a  low capability to adapt. If Atlantis and I hadn’t neutralized them,  they would have ended up endangering us.”

“And the marines?”

The hardest decision of John’s life had been sending a team of Marines after Rodney after he had ‘neutralized’ the scientists.

And then sending another team when the first failed to report back.

Now John had seven dead marines and three more were in the infirmary with dismal prognosis’.

“I asked you not to do that, John. Atlantis asked you as well.”

“Well  forgive me for not rolling over and complying with the wishes of a… “  John’s voice broke off. Even he had a hard time with the v-word in  reference to Rodney. “With your wishes and that of a whacked out AI.”

“Marines are… replaceable.”

“The fuck, McKay.”

“I’m sorry, but it’s true, John. And I did ask you not to send anyone after me. Atlantis told you what would happen if you did.”

John didn’t know how much of Rodney’s… emotional degeneration was due to his condition and how much was due to Atlantis.

As the virus turned Rodney, increasing his speed and strength, it affected his mental acuity and emotional responses as well.

It made him smarter.

They  had joked at first that they didn’t believe it was possible. John had  teased Rodney about it saying that he thought Rodney once said there  wasn’t room for improvement, but clearly there was.

As Rodney’s intellect and physical prowess increased, he became less Rodney.

John  had always thought that Rodney’s neurosis and quirks were a product of  his extraordinary intelligence and perhaps to extent, they were. But as  the virus spread through his system, it stripped away Rodney’s  insecurities, cleaved off his neurosis, carved at his inhibitions and  social awkwardness, turning Rodney into the perfect predator.

Now  there was nothing holding Rodney’s stunning intellect back. No physical  limitations, no social compunctions, no fearful hesitations. Just  clear, cold calculations and logic.

He had only the desire to survive and to ensure the survival of what he considered most important.

And that appeared to be John.

Somehow,  Atlantis’ AI had reached out to Rodney. Beckett and Svental were still  trying to determine if it was biological - part of the virus opening up  his neural pathways that enabled her, Atlantis, to connect to Rodney -  or if it was their shared compulsion to keep John safe at all costs. 

Beckett  was trying to figure out a way to stop Rodney without killing him,  still hopeful he might be able to possibly reverse the virus. Zelenka  was trying to get into the mainframe, access the AI and see if he could  hack it.

They tried locking Rodney up, Atlantis freed him.

John couldn’t risk putting him under guard. He was too afraid of what Rodney would do to get free.

John’s job was to keep Rodney away from the central spires of Atlantis. Keep Rodney, and Atlantis, occupied.

The  easiest way to do that was for John to leave the central area and  branch out into the farther, unexplored areas of the city.

Rodney would follow.

If only to keep him safe.