-free zone. The place truly sounded fit for their two-person family.

Later that evening, after a well-needed, rather long nap (the time difference was taking its toll on both of them, as Harry had expected) there was a knock on the door. Harry made sure he had his wand and sent a look at Teddy. The boy got up and put his necklace on, before returning to their game and picking up his cards.

"I'll be right back," promised Harry and got up to open the door.

He was met with the curious gaze of a scruffy bloke. The very first impression Harry had on the guy was that he must have taken great care of his mustache, for it to look so shiny and precisely cut. Then he remembered it was impolite to stare and greeted the man.

"Hi," he said awkwardly.

The man grinned. He had a nice smile. His features were soft despite the facial hair and his cloths seemed comfortable; simple jeans and a gray T-shirt beneath a checkered, deep red overshirt. "Hello. So you're the new neighbor. I thought you'd be a… well, a family. I wasn't expecting a bachelor. Anyway, welcome to Forks," he said warmly and offered his hand.

Harry took it happily. "Thank you. We are a family of sorts, I guess. Harry Black," he introduced himself, giving the man his alias (which was not outright false because of the rights to the Black name) rather than his real name. Being Harry Potter, anywhere, was like asking for trouble to come your way.

"Charlie Swan. My daughter cooked dinner and again there is too much for just us two. I just wanted to see if you would like to join us. Moving can be hard," the man remarked.

Harry hurried to agree, making the man smile in amusement. "We'll be there," he said. He didn't fancy cooking after the long flight – they had taken muggle transportation to avoid a conflict with the law.

"We?" asked Mr. Swan.

"Yes, Ted and I. Teddy's my son," explained Harry. For their stay in America, Teddy would be Harry's son by 'blood'. It was a difficult decision to make – Harry didn't want to take Remus's place like that. He simply had no choice. He got Teddy when he was still a minor in muggle terms, and by muggle laws he could not have gotten custody of the boy just by being his self-proclaimed godfather. Judging by the police car, Mr. Swan was a police officer, and Harry didn't want to get into trouble with the law so soon into their stay.

Mr. Swan's eyes almost bulged out of their sockets. "You have a kid? How old are you, man?"

"Twenty seven," and proud of it. Most people would guess not a day over twenty five. Living in a cupboard for eleven years had its drawbacks, though it would come in handy when he got older.

"Wow. How old is he? I'm thirty eight and I can barely manage with my daughter. She's eighteen," the man said ruefully, mouthing the number with clear desperation.

Harry laughed. "He's ten. I had help, of course. I didn't raise him completely by myself."

"Still, it's an achievement. A kid since you were seventeen… that's just crazy. Must've been hard,"

"It was. He's a little brat, like that," Harry then turned his head and called for Teddy, who hurried over and hid behind Harry. "Come on, Ted, be nice. That's Charlie Swan. Say hi," he encouraged.

"Hi," Teddy greeted shyly.

Mr. Swan sent Harry a positively glowing look.

"We're going to eat with Mr. Swan and his daughter tonight, so grab your coat, cub," Harry informed the boy, mentally wincing at calling him 'cub' in front of a stranger. He then reminded himself that this stranger was a muggle, and therefore not associated with the werewolves' society, and breathed out in relief.

"It's Charlie for you two. We're neighbors. Better get to know each other," Charlie offered.

Harry nodded in gratitude and put on his shoes. He waited for Teddy to put his and then turned out the lights, stepping out of the house and locking the door behind him. Teddy was still half-hiding behind him, for some reason wary of Charlie. Harry frowned but let it go. It was probably some scent that Charlie had picked up during the day.

The Swan house was quite cozy, for the lack of a better word. The couches were old and looked comfortable and the light had a yellow tint that gave a warm feeling. The ceiling wasn't high, but wasn't too low, either. There was a staircase