again, pushing his fingers higher, deeper, to cover as much land as possible as he curls them just right and starts pulling them out of Sam, painfully slow, fingernails dragging across the sensitive flesh as Sam bites his lip and exhales a stuttering breath.

Dean continues to play with Sam's ass until John returns, a tray in each hand and a disgruntled scowl that is usually followed by either a snap or the silent treatment. Dean's hoping for the latter, although the first one does have the advantage of John storming off afterwards and leaving Dean and Sam enough time for two-to-three rounds of uninterrupted fun-time, at least.

Sam hurriedly pushes the papers scattered across the table to one side of the table, gathering them in neat piles, unconsciously grinding down on Dean's explorative fingers and keeping his eyes down. Dean bites the inside of his cheek to avoid snickering like he's just heard a dirty joke – Sam is dirty, alright, fucking filthy when he wants to be, sometimes even when he doesn't even try to be, but Dean is more likely to tackle him to the floor and take him raw at this point than burst out laughing, though that, too, has been known to happen every so often – and stuffs a fry into his mouth with the hand that is not buried knuckle-deep inside his little brother.

"What's gotten into you, boys?" John grumbles, and Dean bites the inside of his cheek hard enough to taste blood as Sam's hands snatch the milkshake to mask his cough behind his drink. "Get your heads straight, this is a hunt!"

"Sorry," Dean has no idea how he manages to keep an even tone and a straight face, but he does.

Sam doesn't.

"Yes-s-" he coughs again raspingly, inhaling loudly as Dean starts scissoring his fingers ruthlessly, stretching as far as he can. "-sir."

John's not even looking at them. He's got his eyes on a creasy piece of torn-off old newspaper article, finger tracing the letters as his other hand brings forkfuls upon forkfuls of corn-speckled-white-rice to his openly chewing mouth. And he wonders why Dean and Sam grew up to be such savages.

It's only because of John's distractedness that Dean risks moving his wrist a bit more, gathering enough momentum to jam his fingers into Sam more forcefully, Sam jerks and shudders. Not one of those subtle shudders, either. A full-body shudder.

John raises his eyes and frowns at Dean's little brother.

"B-brain f-f-freeze," Sam stammers, hands gripping the glass of milkshake almost hard enough to break it. Dean's feeling a tad apprehensive but that feeling quickly diminishes when John seems to accept Sam's bluff and returns to his paper-reading.

Sam only picks at his salad, so Dean spins their joined tray so Sam can pick at the more calorie-laden French fries from his plate, instead. Sam doesn't seem to notice the switch from crisp-fresh to crisp-fried, though, because he keeps shifting the food across the plate, occasionally bringing a fry to his lips and nibbling at it. Dean thinks it's got a lot to do with how hard he's fucking Sam with his fingers now, the change in posture as he leans into Sam's space to snatch a fry or two allowing him more leeway and bolder wrist-movements.

They finish their food in silence – apart from a few not-entirely-suppressed sounds from Sam – and when John puts his empty cup of coffee back down on the table with a resolute clank, Dean counts that as their cue to leave.

He drags his fingers slowly out of Sam, prodding at the fluttering, swollen hole a couple of times for good measure, and wipes his hand discretely on the inside of Sam's underwear – if Sam had any capacity of forming a lucid thought, he would have been mortified and probably slap Dean's bicep sharply enough to leave a gigantic, bright red handprint – before slipping it out from under Sam and into his jacket pocket, making a mental note to avoid touching any part of John and John's with that hand unless there's a life or death situation. Maybe not even then.

Sam groans out a bitchy, "Dean," under his breath, but gets up at Dean's non-too-gentle nudging, standing on shaky legs and trying not to let his front be visible from any angle, lest someone catches sight of the woody he's sporting.

"Later, Sammy," Dean retorts back with a wink, getting Sam's trademark eye-roll in response.

In the car, Dean rides shotgun and Sam tries not to squirm in the back with every bump the Impala hits. Dean finds it endlessly amusing.

"It's gonna be a long ride, boys. You might wanna catch a wink," John informs them as he pulls onto the interstate.

Sam's face