white horse. His voice sounded young, but of course, now was not the time to try and deduce the guard's age.

She couldn't determine if he meant he really didn't know, or if he wasn't allowed to tell her, of course, so she had to risk it.

As she reached to open the doors, a loud, manly moan filled the air and she blushed. If this was a battle, why couldn't she hear the metallic clashing of swords? Or maybe the hustle of a bare struggle, smashing of chairs and bodies hitting the ground?

Now suspicious of what she would find, the maiden servant-girl hesitated. Should she really walk in on the King in his private moments of, perhaps, indulging in pleasuring himself? But she had to announce that the conference was waiting for him. Should she wait until he finished?

Reaha blushed again as she heard a rumbling growl emit from His Majesty's rooms, followed by the ever-constant small sounds that, now that she thought about it, could probably be described as moans as well, or perhaps whimpers. Was the King not alone?

How embarrassing.

That was, of course, why the guards, who no doubt heard the moans and groans that sounded from the King's chambers, hadn't acted before. Of course they had heard – Reaha was surprised the whole castle wasn't awakened by the hustle.

She waited in an awkward silence for the noises to stop, her face a constant red. By the time it became quiet in the King's rooms, she was already lightheaded and dizzy from blushing for so long. She was no physician, but even she knew something was wrong when the room started spinning to the right. Why to the right?

Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath, she stilled herself until the staggering feeling passed.

She was about to push the doors open with renewed determination when they opened from the inside, making her stumble back a step to avoid being hit by the hard wood.  Looking up, she felt her mouth fall open and her eyes widen ineptly.

In front of her stood a tall, blond Elf, his hair a messy disarray held back by two perfect, thin braids, revealing his curiously pointed ears. She had never seen an Elf's ears from such a close distance, and was fascinated by the angle of the tips of them. Of course, he looked beautiful. His pale, Elven complexion was flawless. He grimaced as he caught sight of her, and although she hadn't thought it possible, she blushed harder. Her bafflement grew as she recognized the face of the Prince of Mirkwood, who had accompanied the Company sent to Gondor from the Elven Colony. She had caught a brief glance of him when they first arrived. He had of course led the Company as they rode on spotless white horses into the gates of Minas Tirith. Of course, the crown helped with the identification greatly.

"Wha- …oh- …good morning, Your Highness," she said quickly, bowing at the waist in front of the Prince, tripping over her words, to her utter embarrassment.

Tilting her head up slightly, she saw him give her a warm smile. She took that as a sign that she could rise. "It is," he spoke, his rich voice soft like silk and sweet like honey.

She stood there, still slightly hunched from her deep bow, wide-eyed and staring at the beautiful Prince, shock written all over her face as she found herself mesmerized by him. Everything about him was just so handsome, perfect and delicate. Elf-like, she précised.

"Legolas," called a rough voice, and suddenly the King came to the doorway of his rooms, without a tunic and bare-chested. She looked down quickly, her rose-colored cheeks heating up further and colors swimming into her vision for no apparent reason. It was not hard to guess what the two Royals had been doing only minutes before, even for someone as young as Reaha, but she had never heard of two men indulging in such acts together. It must be… No, she could not think of the King in such a manner. It was disrespectful and dishonorable.

As she stayed in the bowed position she had acquired when the King appeared, she could, if only barely, see that the King didn't even spare a glance in her direction. It was for the best, of course, for she could not tame her rosy cheeks any more than she could her straying line of thought.

"Bow."

Confused at the King's order, as she was already bowing a very low, respectful bow in front of him, Reaha didn't move and waited for him to clarify.

"Ni 'lassui," spoke the Elf Prince, and there was a sound of something exchanging hands. Reaha didn't dare look up and see what it was, for she had maybe failed to follow the King's unclear order of bowing, and did not feel like chancing her luck.

"