.

"The case?" he asked.

"Ugh, you'd think they leave evidence on purpose. Who hides the murder weapon in the sofa cushions?"

Sherlock looked like the world had somehow wronged him, and John chuckled.

"Are you going to eat something?"

Sherlock eyed John's still-full plate of pasta. "Are you?"

John's eyes snapped to his food, and then back to Sherlock.

The situation was nothing short of ridiculous.

"Do you want to go out?" John suddenly asked.

Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "I thought this is what this was."

John shook his head with a smile. "No, I mean. Out of here. Out."

Sherlock looked at him in question, to which John just grinned widely, and finally gave a hesitant nod.

"Great. Good. Uh, let me just pay and-"

"Pack it. I'm starving."

John shot Sherlock an incredulous look, and then his grin widened. Yeah, he could do getting stood up, if it meant it'd be like this every time.

Something in Sherlock's tentative smile told him it just might.

"-beheaded, but the arms were still there, behind the can, and they're hers. I could tell because of the-"

John nodded along, not really listening. When other times he'd be engrossed in whatever exciting horror story Sherlock fervently detailed out to him, today he was tired and distracted and pretty worn-out emotionally. It didn't help that Sherlock insisted on being so energetic and cute today, because it killed John to have to watch that expression turn into something darker once he's told him the news.

"John? Are you listening?"

John's eyes snapped to Sherlock's face, which was alight like a thousand little candles in the middle of the bloody sun, and sighed.

"Sorry," he murmured, shifting so his arm wasn't being crushed by Sherlock's prominent spine and back muscles and put it around the other man's shoulders, instead, pulling him closer just a bit so John could feel his body against his.

"It's tedious," Sherlock spoke, and John looked up at him inquiringly. Sherlock groaned in exasperation. "I know you're being re-assigned overseas. There. Would you listen now?"

John's face was askew with shock. Sherlock had known? "You bloody idiot!"

"What?" Sherlock's eyebrows pulled in confusion.

"I've been beating myself over how to tell you and you didn't even think to let me know you know?"

"You're babbling."

"You-"

He was cut off by a pair of incredibly soft lips, almost like a girl's, but the roughness of the kiss was definitely male. Sherlock was a very sensual kisser, right down to the fleck of a tongue. His hands immediately flew to Sherlock's hair, gripping tight because he needed something stable him, an anchor. It was a slow, deep motion that was rather hypnotizing, but that might have been just Sherlock's heavenly scent that made John slightly dizzy.

Pausing for breath, Sherlock barely gave John time to recover before he moved to straddle him. John felt like his whole body was on fire. He had never felt so alive. Sherlock's body was aligned with John's so perfectly that he could feel everything, every little muscle and every small movement as Sherlock adjusted himself on John's lap.

As far as first kisses go, John thought it was pretty damn great, and probably one of the best kisses he's ever had.

The letters came about once a month. Despite his intent to prove he was far from romantic, Sherlock sure had some picturesque ideas about long-distance relationships. They still talked on the phone every two weeks – apparently, Sherlock had connections that John hadn't been aware of, that allowed a great deal of favors – and had the chance to skype once in a blue moon, but John was homesick on his better days. It just wasn't enough.

It was like he was an addict, craving and nearly shaking with longing. Once he's had it, he couldn't forget. Oh, he'd never forget the taste of Sherlock, the feel of him. After he'd told him of his transfer to Afghanistan, Sherlock became nearly frantic, as if he'd wanted to consume John just in case he'd never get to do it again. For a young bloke, Sherlock understood the danger of John's work very thoroughly. It might have had something to do with the dangerous nature of Sherlock's job, once he'd become more and more involved in those cases of his.

Sherlock's letters were long and detailed, beautifully written by the genius and often described the cases he's worked on since his last letter or phone call. While most people would have found the letters gruesome and disturbing – something could be said of Sherlock's intense fascination