‘no’, or ‘don’t’, and then Rodney heard the words ‘you’ll be fine’ mumbled out.

I’ve bad dreams, Rodney remembered John telling him in his drunken stupor. It would seem that he didn’t just have them when he was sopping blind drunk either. Rodney wondered how often of a regular occurrence this was.

Rodney was torn, not sure if he should ignore John’s somniloquy or if he should try to wake the man.

A sound of distress finally galvanized Rodney into action. God knew he’d had enough nightmares in his life that he wished someone would wake him from. He gingerly rolled a bit onto his side, toward John.

“John,” he stage-whispered, hardly lowering his voice. When nothing happened, he said it again, slightly louder.

When still nothing happened, Rodney hesitatingly reached out his hand and placed it carefully on John’s arm and gave it a slight squeeze and a shake.

“John,” Rodney said, this time his voice deep and sharp.

John immediately bolted upright and Rodney instinctively tightened his grip on John’s arm.

“You’re fine,” Rodney said quickly, knowing what it was like to wake from a bad dream, disoriented and confused, not sure if you’re awake or still unconscious. “You were… talking in your sleep,” Rodney said judiciously, not sure if he should mention John’s nightmares or not.

John rubbed his eyes with one and and fell back onto the pillows. “What did I say?” he asked sleepily.

Rodney managed a tiny half shrug. “I don’t know,” he lied. “I couldn’t make out the words.”

“Oh,” John said, his words slightly muffled as he yawned. “Sorry.”

“It’s fine,” Rodney replied and then at the slightly uncomfortable silence he added, “It’s not a problem.”

“Uh, if it happens again, just… don’t be afraid to wake me up.”

Rodney settled back again. “All right. And. You know. Ditto.”

He didn’t notice he still had his hand on John’s arm until he was almost asleep again and at that point, his body felt so heavy and dark that he didn’t want to move at all and he let his stay where it was, resting on John.

He didn’t hear John again that night.

***

John woke up feeling well rested and clear headed, which wasn’t the norm for him. Since his return from the war, he generally woke up slightly groggy from a night of fighting nightmares; from tossing and turning and shouting himself awake.

But this morning he felt pretty good. He made a move to stretch out his long body when he realized that Rodney’s hand was on his arm. He had a vague recollection of being woken up by Rodney in the middle of the night, Rodney telling him he was talking in his sleep and then settling back down.

It was probably the most innocuous waking from a nightmare he’d had since he was a child.

The bed-sheet was rumpled and rucked up, and when he looked down he could see where Rodney’s hand rested on his arm. Rodney’s skin was light against the darkness of John’s forearm. Rodney probably didn’t spend much time out of doors, whereas John had spent far too much time outside on the battlefield. Although as of late, his outdoor pursuits where much happier, involving his horses.

John titled his head up and centered his gaze on Rodney’s face. Rodney was still asleep in the same position on his back, his injured arm slung over his chest. His crooked mouth was slightly open and some quiet snores were emanating from him rhythmically.

He was married to this man.

Married.

He’d tried to picture himself married at times but when he had pictured himself with various people over the course of his affairs, he never could quite picture the person he might marry. But when he thought about it now, with Rodney, it wasn’t hard at all. He had a strange sort of affinity for Rodney already. Perhaps it was because all his focus had been on the man.

Or perhaps it was something more. John wasn’t sure. All he knew was that he felt comfortable around Rodney. Pretending to be comfortable was something John did very well, but with Rodney, he wasn’t pretending, he actually felt it. Last night it had been such a relief to be able to escape the reception, albeit small, and retire to his quarters and not feel dread creeping in on him.

They’d even shared a laugh over their wedding ceremony.

Naturally it would have been infinitely preferable to have a proper wedding night, but John found he was amenable to waiting until Rodney had more of a chance to heal. It certainly gave him something to look forward to. He most assuredly found Rodney attractive and if he spent much longer lingering in bed, roaming his eyes over his new husband, he was