. This was  the most popular series at the store. And you proclaimed you would not  do any research online regarding the Congo African Grey Parrot.”

“Stupid fucking bird,” he grumbled, itching at his bandage. “I’m probably contaminated.”

“Considering  all the things you have fought against, I do not believe you will  suffer any long term effects from Moses.” Castiel paused while Dean  not-so-silently groused for a few more seconds. “You offered to read to  me. This is the book I am reading. I am looking forward to continuing  the young wizards’ adventures. They are young and brave and trying  always to do the right thing. I find it charming and somewhat… moving.”

Well,  now he felt like a douche for making fun of it. He looked down at  Castiel’s face. He was lying on the sofa with his head in Dean’s lap.   He waited patiently for Dean to begin reading, hands folded and resting  on his chest.

“Additionally, I do not believe that Harry and Hermione have any romantic interest in each other.”

“Seriously?”

“I suspect she holds an affection for Ronald Weasley.”

“The  red headed kid?” Dean was immediately sucked back into Harry Potter and  started flipping pages randomly looking for Ron’s name. He was  speechless. Harry was way cooler than Ron. And rich. He would totally  pick Harry. He paused. There was no way he just thought that.

“You know if I met him in real life, I would stake him, right? He’s a witch.”

“A wizard,” Cas clarified. “And he is a good wizard.”

“No such thing.”

Another silence.

“All right, fine.” Dean sighed, long and drawn out. “Chapter Four, The Leaky Cauldron...” he read aloud.

*		*		*		*

Dean straightened and looked up expectantly when Sam came back in, loaded down with grocery bags.

“Did you get pie?”

“Dude, when have I ever forgotten the pie?”

Dean  gave him the hairy eyeball. Sam scrunched up his face. Bitchface. Cas  remained silent from where he sat at the small, square kitchen table,  sunglasses perched on his nose.

“One time, one time I forgot the pie. Could you let it go?” Sam set the grocery bags down on the cheap formica counter.

“I had just gotten back from hell, and you forgot pie,” Dean accused, starting to rifle through the bags.

“Well  then, this is my mulligan, because I got two pies,” he said  triumphantly and with a flourish pulled them out. Cherry and pecan.

Dean was still suspicious.

“Is there ice cream?”

“Please,”  Sam scoffed and produced a small bucket of quickly melting vanilla ice  cream. Dean grabbed both pies, two spoons, plates and the ice cream and  sat kiddy corner next to Cas at the table.

“Pie for dinner.” He  was triumphant. He leaned back and snagged two sodas from the fridge,  cracking them both open with the snap-hiss of fresh pop.

“I was under the impression that one could not eat just pie for dinner.”

“You can if you eat enough of it.”

“Don’t worry, Cas,” interjected Sam. “I got you a salad too.”

“I would like the salad as well, thank you, Sam.”

“Pie first, salad later,” proclaimed Dean. “If at all,” he added under his breath.

“Without the use of my sight, my hearing has improved greatly.”

Sam  snorted and snagged two of the grocery bags with the pinky finger of  one hand, while he grabbed a beer from the fridge with the other.

“Are you not joining us for pie?”

It  was kind of creepy how good Castiel was at interpreting what he was  hearing and translating it into what was going on. Especially since  human nuances weren’t his ‘thing.’

Sam looked dubiously at Dean,  then at the pies and then back to Castiel. “Uh… the thing is…” he  trailed off not quite sure how to tell the angel that Dean made really  awkward, blush worthy sounds even when he was eating pie in a room full  of people, never mind two full pies. With an angel. Who was likely going  to need help eating the pie. Help from Dean. Who loved pie. And the  angel too. And now Sam was back to feeling really squicked out and  uncomfortable again, like he had been in the bakery when he had to  choose which pies to get in the first place. He had no doubt that Dean’s  intentions were (somewhat, mostly, okay probably not) pure and he  really was having Pie Night to do something nice for Castiel. Just as he  no doubt that he was getting the hell out of the kitchen before those  pies came out of the box.

“I’ve got… a thing. With some stuff.  And it’s in the other…” He gave a quick smile that was totally lost on  the sightless angel. “Enjoy your pie.”

And Sam Winchester got the hell outta Dodge.

Dean