wiped away when he saw her reaction. She flushed again, angrily this time and clenched her hands into fists. “He is special; very special. He treats me like he cares about me. Unlike some people I know.” She said venomously. Sherlock was quite obviously taken aback by her words. He stared at her, his face a mask, and Molly realized herself and sighed and shook her head. “Right now isn’t the time to discuss this, Sherlock. I’m not sure any time is right or even necessary.” She looked up at him, her eyes no longer angry, but sad. “I’m engaged, yes, and I’m… I’m happy. Let’s leave it at that and deal with John.”
Sherlock watched her and caught a flicker in her eyes, a hesitance in her voice when she claimed she was happy, as if she wasn’t being entirely honest. Molly was a mystery to him sometimes, and had surprised him more than once in the years he had known her, but he knew when she was feeling and what she was feeling, and he knew now she wasn’t happy with whoever this man was. Not entirely. For some reason it made him cheer up some, which was rather disturbing to him, but he had no time to think about sentiment toward Molly. John needed to be placated first. He nodded once and gave her his full attention. “Very well. What would you suggest I do?”

                                                           –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––

	John was still sitting in his armchair, the only thing besides his personal items he had moved from Baker Street to Mary’s apartment, thinking about the ghost he had seen in the restaurant the night before. He hadn’t gone to bed, or even said much to Mary besides goodnight and ‘I love you’, as he always did. Being gracious and understanding, Mary had left him alone, although she didn’t mind fuming to herself that Sherlock Holmes was an utter ass and she would be glad to give him a piece of her mind and maybe clock him one as John had, although harder. She had gone to bed furious at her fiancée’s formerly dead friend and had woken up just as furious, if not more, because John was still in that armchair. He didn’t really react when she kissed his cheek, only a mumbled good morning. Only when Mary started to make breakfast did he move, probably because he smelled the tea brewing and needed that fortifying liquid. Although he didn’t talk about what had happened, he seemed to wake up a little after that and she was glad. He needed to be himself if he was going to able to face Sherlock again, as she knew he would have to soon. What she couldn’t fathom was that it was going to be that morning. After helping her clean up the breakfast things, the bell to the flat rang and John went to answer it, and not long after that, Mary heard a cracking noise and a heavy thump, like a body had fallen. She hurried to the door and found John standing over a supine Sherlock Holmes, whose left eye had been bandaged, but now bled again, the bandage hanging off his face. John fumed, his clenching and unclenching his fist. He didn’t say anything, only stared at Sherlock, even as the undead detective slowly got to his feet.
“You’ll hurt your hand if you keep doing that, John,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly. “If I’m not mistaken, your knuckles are already bruised.” He took the now-ruined bandage off his face, fully revealing the old bruise and the newly forming one. John seemed to come out of his rage at the sight of his friend hurt and looked at Sherlock with tears in his eyes and before Sherlock knew what had happened he was embraced by his friend. Molly hadn’t warned about that. He didn’t have long to worry about how to react, as John quickly disengaged and stood straight. “You’re a prat,” he said, wiping his eyes. “An utter ass and… and…”
“I’m sorry, John,” Sherlock said quickly and John stopped, gaping. Mary looked in surprise at Sherlock in imitation of John, having heard Sherlock Holmes wasn’t exactly the most contrite person in the world. Sherlock continued before John had time to respond. “You’re quite right in your estimation of me. I should not have come to you as I did last night. I did not fully realize, as I should have, the shock you would suffer. You deserved more, as my friend. I can only hope you can forgive me for that, and for deceiving you with my death.”
Mary smiled and watched John, who took a breath and looked his old friend in the eyes. “Well, it’s a start Sherlock.” He said.

Sherlock meets Molly's fiancee and doesn't like him, but denies himself as to why.

A month into Sherlock’s return to life