copy.

“Yes, well, that’s nice. But, um,” she cleared her throat and her eyes flew between his and the book. “That book is, well, it’s one I’ve wanted for a long time, you see, and since you’re not a pathologist...” She smiled in what she hoped was a charming way.

“Don’t flirt, Molly. You’re not very good at it.”

Molly flushed angrily and tried to grab the book out of his hands but he only lifted it out of her reach. She cursed herself for being so short and him for being so tall.

“Sherlock. I didn’t come here to be insulted by you. I can go to work for that. I came here to buy that book. A book you know I’ve wanted for months because I’ve talked about it. So unless you are actually intending to buy it, I would like to have it.” She crossed her arms and tilted her nose up, her jaw set stubbornly.

Sherlock smirked and leaned down slightly to meet her eyes, slowly lowering the book. “But I am buying it.”

Molly took a deep breath and with one quick movement managed to snatch the book from Sherlock’s clutches.

“Oh, looks like I have the last copy,” she said sweetly. “Sorry, but you’ll have to wait until they get a new shipment in.” She turned on her heels and started for the register but was stopped short by a hand on her arm.

“Molly. I told you I was buying the book,” Sherlock reached for it but Molly put her arm behind her back and shook her head.

“No. I know I’m being really petty for this, but I want this book.” She stepped back as he took a step forward but bumped into the bookcase and couldn’t move any further, which meant that she was trapped and barely an inch separated her from Sherlock. She swallowed and felt her stomach flip nervously. He was trying to use her attraction and feelings for him against her. It wasn’t going to work this time.

“Molly Hooper,” he spoke sternly. “Let me have the book.”

“No,” she held the book more tightly and pressed back into the bookcase as far as possible, leaving no room for the book to move unless she released it.

“Molly,” he spoke softly and one of his hands was suddenly slowly trailing down the arm she had behind her. Goosebumps rose up on her skin and she had to remind herself to breathe when his arm somehow wrapped around her, his hand resting over hers on the book. “Let me have the book.”

“No,” she whispered. He frowned in frustration.

“You’re not being very cooperative, Dr. Hooper.” He said.

She smiled. “No, I’m not.”

Sherlock smiled back and used her slight distraction to latch his hand more firmly onto the book and a tug-of-war began behind her back.

“Please let me have the book.”

“No.”

“Molly, we can’t do this all afternoon.”

“I’m not letting go, Sherlock. You’re big ego can just take a hit today because you’re not going to be able to convince or fake-flirt with me into giving you this book.”

He raised an eyebrow and tilted his head to the side – the perfect angle to kiss her, she noticed, and almost stopped breathing.

“So you’re determined not to let me buy the book.”

“Yes.” She stated.

“And I won’t get it out of your hands.”

 “No.”

“Are you sure?” His face was even closer and she couldn’t avoid looking at him.

“Yes.” She said hesitantly.

“Then what’s this?” he grinned and pulled back. The book was now back in his free hand, shining in the fluorescent lighting of the bookshop.

Molly’s mouth dropped open and she grasped for it with her free hand, but he shook his head and pulled her closer, their arms still locked behind her back.

“How did you do that?” she growled. “Give it back!”

“Nope.” He said, popping the p. “I’m buying the book.” He let go and swung her around. When she turned to follow him he was already at the counter and buying the book. She stomped up to him and was just about to let him know exactly what she thought of him when he suddenly placed the book in her hands.

“What’s this?” she asked, befuddled.

“The book you’ve been talking about for months.” He replied. “I was going to buy it for your birthday, but since you seem so impatient for it I’ll just give it to you now.”

Molly stared at the copy and then turned her head back up to Sherlock and looked at him unblinking. She realized he had got a first-hand view of how he looked when