on the opposite table – and slowly made her way to the door. After peering through the peephole, she leaned her forehead against the door and sighed heavily. “What do you want, Sherlock?” she grumbled loudly.

“We’re going to Glasgow today, Molly.” The consulting detective’s annoyed voice replied, slightly muffled because of the door. “You can’t have forgotten.”

Molly groaned and shook her head, although she knew he couldn’t see her. “No, I didn’t forget. I just didn’t expect to have to be woken up so early! And rudely.” She added grumpily.  

“We must make an early start if we’re to be back in time,” he said crossly. “Do hurry up and dress!”

“Fine!” she snapped, fully irritated now. She stomped to the bathroom and had closed the door before realizing she was still holding the figurine. She walked back out only to yelp when she bumped into a Belstaff clad figure. “SHERLOCK!”

“Why are you holding that shepherd figurine?” he asked, and looked curiously at the object in question.

“I-I was startled when you pounded on my door,” she squeaked and was suddenly painfully aware of her lack of clothes. Having been used to being on a tropical island, comfort had conquered modesty, a habit that hadn’t yet been broken upon her return to England, and now she was used to wearing simply a pair of panties and a brassiere when sleeping. “Why are you in my room?” She asked, slowly taking a step backwards and hiding herself behind the bathroom door. “Please go away.”

Sherlock finally actually looked at her, realized the situation, and had the decency to turn slightly red in embarrassment. “Ah,” he cleared his throat and took a few steps back toward the door to her room. “I’ll meet you in the lobby,” he muttered and walked as quickly as he could out of her room.

Molly let out a long breath and closed the door to the bathroom, and allowed herself a moment of being angry and embarrassed before getting dressed. She silently berated the man for being rude and not respecting her privacy, and when she was done venting, she felt she could face him again. Though there might be a few choice words for him about his behavior. Molly dressed in jeans and her favorite (albeit new favorite, since her clothes had been given away years before) jumper, a dark green wool one. She put her hair up in a high ponytail and slipped her feet into practical, comfortable boots. Not even seven years on an island could wipe out her pragmatic sense of fashion. If anything, it served to amplify it. She had a brand new wardrobe, but with a few identical replacements to her former clothes (including a cherry covered cardigan which Molly had loved dearly). In any case, the outfit was good enough for the two-hour trip to Glasgow to see the husband of the latest victim.

She made her way downstairs to the lobby and found Sherlock sitting and fidgeting in a red armchair. He jumped up as soon as he saw her and pulled his Belstaff closed.

“Finally ready?” he asked, his tone clipped. “We do have to be back before five tonight.”

“Why before five?” Molly asked, and decided to overlook his completely unnecessary short attitude. “Did you make an appointment for something?”

“Janine,” he replied, making a face akin to having eaten something sour. “She insisted on dinner together.”

“Oh, fancy that, a wife wanting to have dinner with her husband,” Molly gasped. “You know, I do have a way of you getting out of it...” Sherlock looked at her in surprise and eagerly asked what the idea was. “Tell her you’re already married!”

Sherlock’s face quickly morphed from hopeful to irritated. “Molly, I’ve already explained to you why I can’t do that yet. I thought you understood.”

“I do understand, Sherlock. But you keep complaining about it, and it’s starting to get on my nerves.” Molly snapped. “Either grow up and tell her the truth, or shut your mouth about being in the giant mess you created.”

Sherlock stared at the usually placid woman in shock, her outburst having taken him completely by surprise. “Molly, I...”

“Never mind, Sherlock,” she waved a hand and turned toward the entrance of the hotel. “I’m sorry. Forget it.”

Sherlock would have attempted to continue the discussion and find out what was really bothering Molly, but the look on her face when he opened his mouth to reply, made him reconsider. It was best, he decided to simply let her fume, if that is what she needed. Besides, he’d rather not have her berating him for anything on the long car-ride to Glasgow.

“Molly, can you drive?” Sherlock asked suddenly, and this time caught her by surprise.

“Can I? Well, technically yes, but I don