perch, their lights seemingly extended by their speed.

This was Levi’s habit, for as long as he could remember. He would come up here at dusk and meditate, and when near-darkness came he would open his eyes and watch Coruscant light up again. It was almost as if the world was more alive at night than in the day. He hadn’t missed a single night while he was at the Academy; the only ones he did were when he was on a mission. The ritual cleared his head, prepared him for the next day, and left him blessedly alone. The tower wasn’t meant for the purpose he made of it. Originally, it had been a landing pad, but had been abandoned as superfluous by the Council, though they hadn’t bothered having it torn down either, citing it might go into use as a watch-tower. Nothing of the sort happened, and it became forgotten for years, until one day, during a young Padawan Levi’s exploring of his new home, it became an escape. The place was his alone, and he couldn’t be more grateful for the Council’s absent-mindedness in the matter.

Levi found himself staying longer in his days as a Jedi Knight, especially when he was assigned his first padawan. The hours had grown shorter again after Petra, but now it seemed they would wane into the midnight hours because of Eren. A slight smile tugged at the corner of Levi’s mouth. He couldn’t help but feel a slight affection for the boy, however worrisome Eren’s attitude might be at times. Only two days into the relationship and Levi was already simultaneously frustrated and proud of his padawan. Eren’s actions on Nar Shaddaa had been incredibly stupid, but even Levi had to admit that they had been brave (mostly foolish) moves.

He knew of the reason behind Eren’s rash decisions. The Fall of Shiganshina had been one of the bloodiest and costly battles in the Titan War. While Levi hadn’t been there, he had felt the scars in the loss of fellow Jedis, his brothers and sisters, to the Titans that day. It had been the Titan’s first move after taking Kamino a century before. After Shiganshina, the Titans moved further into the Outer Rim, taking one planet after another at its very edge, until they made their way to Tattooine, where Levi first met them on the battlefield.

The Senate had asked the Jedi Council to send at least one hundred of the Order to assist their army in protecting Tattooine from the Titan horde, approaching quickly in usurped ships taken in the previous engagements. Levi hummed as he recalled the panicked Senate envoy, begging the Council to send help. After Shiganshina and the discovery that some, if not most, of the Titans used Dark Force and lightsabers, it had fallen more and more upon the shoulders of the Jedi to fight in the War. The Council had quickly realized they could keep a behind-the-scenes presence and assented to fully cooperating with the Senate and its army. They sent one hundred and fifty Jedi to Tattooine. The planet, while it had been almost completely vacated by its terrified population, still held thousands of lives. Levi commanded his own brigade of the Senate Army, and was second-in-command to Master Erwin, one of two of the Council who participated in the battle. They had taken up position on the planet, near the space-port of Mos Eisley, intending to ensure from there the ground was not overrun. The other Council member, Master Bendo Ik, a Rodian with a reputation as a brilliant strategist and fierce fighter, was commanding the Senate Space-Fleet, which protected Tattooine’s system.

Levi hadn’t been a Knight for a year when the battle for Tattooine began, though his former master, Erwin, felt deeply that his old student would excel in his leadership position. Besides that, Levi was exceptional with his dual lightsabers. He was a rare case of being able to handle the coordination of two lightsabers and the Force. One of the most brilliant students to pass into Knighthood the Academy had ever seen. Though pride could lead to folly, Erwin couldn’t help but feel proud of his student. Levi, thinking back on the battle, realized just how much trust Erwin had placed in him and his abilities. At the time, it was he considered it as simply his duty and he would fulfill as best he could.

When the Titans descended, somehow managing to get through Master Bendo Ik’s barricade, Levi did not disappoint. Despite their efforts, however, Tattooine was lost, and out of the one hundred and fifty Jedi that had participated in the fight, only ninety returned to Coruscant. It was the first engagement in the War that the Jedi suffered such heavy casualties, and the entire Order felt the loss. Even Shiganshina hadn’t dealt them such a blow. Levi, Master Erwin, and Master Bendo Ik returned to the Council and gave a full report. In the wake of Tattooine’s loss, the Order grew ever