” Nazi uniform jacket. She grinned and pulled it off quickly, tying one end off in a loop.


 


“Move over,” she nudged Sherlock aside and knelt on the floor. Closing one eye and aiming carefully, Molly swung the belt and managed to catch the keys just right on her first try. With a triumphant ‘hallo’ she jerked the belt back quickly and grasped the keys in her hand. Sherlock quickly took them and unlocked the cell door.


 


“Very nice, Molly,” he commended.


 


“Bloody brilliant, you mean,” John corrected with a grin. The cacophony outside had grown louder and louder, until they really did have to shout every word they said.


 


“We need to let the others out!” Molly exclaimed. “Hurry!” The prison building sounded like it was going to break apart at any moment, and she was certain the back rooms were on fire. As she rushed out of the cell, a guard suddenly appeared right in front of her, a knife in his hands. He was bleeding from the head, and he looked ready to kill. 


 


Skidding to a stop, Molly looked around frantically for a weapon.


 


“

Mon ami!

” She looked to her left and saw an old man wearing a fedora holding a metal chair leg out to her. Having no time to wonder how he had managed to get the leg, she grabbed it gratefully and with all of her strength knocked the knife out of the trooper’s hands and with another swing hit his head with a crack. He fell to the ground with a thud. She dropped the chair leg and took deep breaths to collect herself.


 


John and Sherlock stood in awe of what the petite archaeologist had just done. She looked back at them and shouted for them to move. Immediately they both went into action.


 


“John!” Sherlock tossed the keys to his friend. “Get them out! Molly and I need to get the tablets!”


 


“What?” John glanced up at the roof, which sounded dangerously close to caving in. “Are you insane? It’s literally war out there! You’ll get shot or blown up! We need to get out of here!”


 


Molly was inclined to agree with John, but knew that they had to find the tablets as soon as possible.


 


“Let’s go!” She said.


 


“What are you doing?” John exclaimed in disbelief.


 


“They have both the tablets!” Sherlock yelled, trying to explain quickly. “Graf is probably getting away with both of them right now, and we need to find the Flagon before them!” With that he grabbed Molly’s hand and they were running toward the main door of the prison building. They didn’t need to open it themselves, though, because it was blown apart as they reached it. After recovering, Molly and Sherlock were faced with what could only be described as chaos. The Nazi forces were in retreat as Reims burned and French and English forces moved in to complete the rout. They could see Graf’s headquarters was still standing and ran for it, having to dodge bullets and grenades as they went. The street was only about ten feet wide, but Molly had never thought anything could be longer.


 


They had almost reached the doorstep when a bullet grazed Sherlock’s leg and he fell with a startled cry. Molly knelt beside him to check the wound, but was stopped by the feeling of the hot muzzle of a gun on her back.


 


“Hang on there, miss.” A voice she never thought she would hear again said. “Don’t make any sudden moves.”


 


“Greg?” She turned quickly to find a very stunned Gregson Lestrade gawking down at her.


 


“You shot me!” Sherlock yelled indignantly.


 


“What in the blazes are you two doing here?” Lestrade shouted. “You!” he pointed to Sherlock. 


 


“You’re supposed to be dead! And why are you dressed like Nazis?”


 


“Is now the time?” Molly exclaimed, and they all ducked as one of the allied tanks shot over their heads. Lestrade immediately yanked Sherlock up and dragged him onto the front steps of the house where he dropped him before raising his rifle and taking a few shots at some charging German soldiers. All four fell dead.


 


 Molly watched the exchange, too distracted by the action to remember that she was tending to Sherlock’s leg. Only after he winced in pain when she leant a little too heavily on the wound did she come to her senses. She examined the wound and sighed in relief.


 


“You’re alright,” she said. “The bullet just grazed you. Greg!” The former London police inspector turned to her. “Do you have a bandage?”


 


The man dug around in the pockets of his army uniform and produced what Molly needed.



“Listen,” he knelt down beside them. “I would love to stay and catch up, but I’ve got to help my men take back Reims. You two stay here. I’ll be back.” He gave Molly a look that Sherlock didn’t like at all and ran off to rejoin the