their projects. Molly let him take the criminology project, but when he insisted on taking the lead for the pathology project, she put her foot down. They were discussing the issue in a library study room, a table between them as they argued.

“I have pathology as my career path! Pathology is my life! Of course it should be me!” Molly exclaimed. “You didn’t even get the diagnosis right when we looked at the file!”

“A technicality,” he waved his hand dismissively. “I got everything else right.”

“You knew what he had eaten a scone for tea,” she scoffed. “Not the project, not important. I figured it out.” She crossed her arms.

Sherlock stood up and placed his hands on the table. “I noticed the blueness of his skin.”

Molly stood up and mimicked his stance. “You thought he drowned.” She sneered.

“Drowning has very similar symptoms to the Spanish Flu. You could have easily made the same mistake if you didn’t feel the need to neurotically pick over the pictures,” he snapped. Molly’s eyes widened.

“I think that’s a good thing, considering you were wrong!” she spit back. “But you can’t just admit that, can you? No, the great Sherlock Holmes, wannabe detective, just has to be right all the time!”

“Wannabe detective?” Sherlock glared at his petite and irritating partner. “I have solved all of the ten cases the police have called me in on.”

Molly barked out a laugh. “You weren’t ‘called in’. You pushed your way in. They probably would have been fine solving it on their own. Professor Lestrade is an excellent detective.” She added with an admiration that irritated Sherlock.

“No they wouldn’t and no he’s not.” His scowl grew deeper. “You would see that if you weren’t so infatuated with him.”

Molly flushed. “I’m not infatuated with him!” She protested. 

“Then why are you blushing?” Sherlock pointed at her triumphantly.

“Because! And y-you’re deflecting from the problem!” She squeaked. “You! You’re an arrogant bastard who can’t stand to be wrong!”

“I admitted I was wrong earlier,” he said. “You simply cannot accept I can be humble because it interferes with your self-righteous determination to be morally superior.”

Molly’s mouth dropped open and for a moment she was literally speechless. She didn’t even notice how they had gradually moved closer together throughout the conversation to the point where they were standing only inches from each other.

“How d-dare you!” she sputtered. 

“How dare I? How dare you judge me?” he demanded. “You don’t have the right to judge my faults when you won’t admit your own, Molly Hooper!”

“Oh yes!” She rolled her eyes. “I have such a problem with admitting my own problems!” She responded sarcastically. “While you have no obstacles whatsoever from conceding yours!” She poked him in the chest. Her face was red and her eyes glistened with frustrated tears.

“I have said no such thing,” he stated flatly.

“But you have no problem grinding on about people and their own problems, not to mention your incessant need to be the best at everything!” Molly realized the argument had gotten out of hand but she didn’t know how reign in her ire again. “What you did yesterday in Professor Hudson’s class-”

“Shut up.”

Molly looked at him dumbfounded. She was about to open her mouth to protest his utter rudeness but before she could he was kissing her and her mind went blank. His hands were gripping her shoulders tightly and his lips were hard on hers only for a second before he became gentle and then pulled away. Molly watched as his face turned from uncertain to smug and had a sudden desire for revenge – there was no way she was going to let him distract her without giving him a taste of his own medicine. She stood on tiptoe, grabbed his face between her hands, tugged him down, and kissed him back. He flailed for a moment, stumbled back and fell on the table, Molly on top of him. The sudden motion of the fall surprised Molly into releasing him, and he instinctively wrapped an arm around her waist to keep her from falling to the side and hitting a chair.

They looked at each other, both breathing rapidly, and both frozen in their position, chest-to-chest. Molly watched as his eyes flitted to her lips and up to her eyes again and her stomach flipped. Her heart beating quickly in her chest she slowly lowered her head and her lips met his for the third time, but chastely and timidly. As she pulled away she felt his free arm lift, his hand sifted into her hair, and they were kissing again, covering each other’s mouths and necks with their lips. Soon Molly was straddling his waist, his hands were gripping her hips, and there