cute. 

"I'm not sure how we got on this topic," Charles says, pretending to be unaffected. "My point still remains."

"Mine too," Peter snarks. Charles would probably roll his eyes if it wasn't undignified. Peter snickers at the mental image.

"Well I believe Hank should be here any moment," Charles says briskly. "But we'll continue this conversation at another time." 

"That we will," Peter says cheerily. Charles tries to look ruffled but he smiles as the door closes behind him. Peter feels a little better.

 

 

 

Dinner lines up with Erik's visit, and he brings it up looking quite determined. Peter's a stubborn asshole as well, however, and is unaffected when Erik sets the tray on his lap. Peter merely picks it up and sets it on the table by his bed before picking up his book again. 

"Peter." Erik's voice is a warning. "You need to eat."

"I've got the IV," Peter says absently, pretending to be quite interested in his book. He doesn't even remember what it is. Something Verne. 

"That's barely enough to keep a feeding tube out of your throat," Erik says menacingly.

"So it's just enough." Peter shrugs.

Erik sets his jaw. A couple of months ago that might have made Peter a little scared, but now he knows better. Erik's secretly a big softie. Even though right now he looks downright homicidal. 

"Eat your dinner."

"I'm not five," Peter shoots back, "I'm an adult, actually, I can handle myself."

"Obviously not," Erik says. "If you can get out of that bed and walk to the bathroom and back, I'll let you out of dinner."

Peter glares at him. Erik glares back. 

"Fine," Peter spits. "You have yourself a deal."

"The IV stays in." 

"Fine," Peter says again. Then he tosses his book aside and sweeps the blankets off. 

Fuck, it's cold. It takes tremendous effort to swing his legs over the side of the bed, and Erik already looks smug. It only fuels Peter's determination, however, and he pushes himself up to his feet where he sways for a moment, praying his vision will clear. He pinches his bandaged wrist where Erik won't see and sighs with relief as the blurry edges fade. 

"Are you going to stand there forever or walk?" Erik says. Peter scoffs at him. 

"I'm walking, I'm walking. Don't get your panties in a knot."

Erik says nothing to that, and Peter takes his first step, wobbling a little but still upright. He has to pull the stupid IV stand with him but on the second step it turns out to be a blessing as he leans on it for support as subtly as possible. 

"That's cheating," Erik says. 

"I don't know what you're talking about," Peter retorts. He takes a few more steps and pretends his legs aren't trembling violently. It's an agonizingly slow journey, but he reaches the bathroom door.

"Surprised you got that far," Erik comments.

"Well, I made it, so you can just get rid of that food," Peter pants. 

Erik shakes his head. "You have to get back to the bed too, remember?"

Peter slumps over. "Wha-? Godammit."

But he's Peter Maximoff and still a stubborn asshole, and not even his dad is going to outdo him in stubborn pride. So he turns around and takes another trembling step, smiling triumphantly when he makes it another two steps without incident. 

He's panting pretty badly, though, and his vision starts going black.

"Peter." Erik sounds concerned. "Peter, just give it up."

"Nope," Peter says through gritted teeth. "I'm almost there." 

"You're barely halfway across the floor."

"And three-quarters of the way through my journey," he says, reconsidering it when he nearly commits to another step. He just needs a second and then he'll be fine. 

"Peter," Erik says again, sounding genuinely worried. "You're over-exerting yourself."

"Nonsense, it's just walking. How hard can it be?" Peter laughs, taking another step.

His legs tremble violently and then give out beneath him, and he crumples to the floor. Erik is on his feet in the blink of an eye.

"No, I'm fine," Peter tries to stop him. "I'll get up and finish it-"

Erik ignores his protests and leans down to scoop him up into his arms. "Shut up, you idiot."

Peter tries to scowl, but he's really not feeling well and he feels like vomiting. He can't see very well, but he hears the scrape of the IV stand's wheels on the floor behind them