to breathe and push on. The closest hospital was also the one closest to their house, and he knew it was where she'd be. It still felt like forever before he could see it, though, and he felt ready to pass out again. Luke noticed his panic and took his hand, an act that comforted Michael instead of confusing him in the panic of the moment. 

They burst through the doors and Michael got to the front desk, leaning on it and panting.

"My sister- Daisy Clifford- where is she? How is she?"

"Your name?" the woman at the desk asked.

"Michael Clifford."

"I've got this," someone said, and Michael turned to see Calum's aunt, Marina, standing behind him and Luke. 

The woman at the desk waved them on and Michael stood, his chest feeling like it was trying to cave in on itself. Luke stepped next to him and helped him stand upright without a word. 

"How is she?" Michael asked hoarsely. 

"She's in surgery right now and I didn't get all the details," Marina told him, "but I do know that it's pretty bad. She was in the street outside your house. Fortunately the speed limit was fairly low, but she's a small girl. The driver left and your neighbors called an ambulance."

"Is she-" Michael's voice failed him. "Will she-" 

"Is she gonna make it?" Luke asked when Michael's voice refused to come out for the second time. Michael shot him a grateful look.

Marina's face was grave. "It's- it doesn't look too good."

Michael sagged against Luke, tears blurring his vision. "She's only seven years old! She can't- they can't let her die..."

He felt like all the strength had rushed out of him, and Luke helped him into a nearby chair, sitting next to him and looking at him in concern. Marina sighed.

"I'm really sorry, Michael. She could still pull through. She was conscious when-"

"Don't!" Michael held up a hand as images of Daisy crossed his mind. He could just see her innocent eyes opened wide with pain as she wondered why it wouldn't stop hurting. As she wondered where Michael was. "Just- I need to know."

"I'll let you know the second she's out of surgery," Marina promised. "Are you staying here?"

She addressed Luke the second time and Luke nodded. "Yeah, I'll stick around."

Marina eyed him approvingly and then left.

"You don't have to," Michael said dully. "You don't even know me."

"Yeah, but I know you need someone to be here," Luke said, "and what would I do that would be worthwhile? Let me try and help you out."

Michael felt more tears pricking at his eyes. "Thank you," he said. "It is- it is helping."

"Is there someone you need to contact?" 

Michael shook his head. "I don't have a phone and I don't want I leave. I just- I have no idea where my mom is."

"She may be in a different part of the hospital," Luke said. "It's pretty big."

Michael nodded, his mind drifting as he stared at the white wall in front of him. He couldn't believe it. Why had Daisy been in the street? His mom had been home, what had she been doing?

_______

He and Luke had sat in silence for a few hours. Luke had fallen asleep and Michael hadn't done anything when the boy's head slipped onto his shoulder. This stranger was doing so much for him even though they'd only had a couple of conversations, and Michael had no idea why. He was still freaking out, but he knew it would be worse to be the only person in the room, to be surrounded by empty seats as he waited to hear if his little sister was going to live or not. 

It was another hour and a half before Luke woke up. Michael kept checking the clock, and he and Luke talked for a bit even though Michael's head wasn't really in it. 

Finally, finally someone came. It was Marina again, and her expression was still grave.

"What?" Michael flew to his feet. "What?"

"She's gonna make it."

Michael fell, his legs giving out. Luke caught him again, holding him upright and moving him back to his seat.

"Michael, they had to amputate her left leg," Marina told him.

"What? But-"

"It's below the knee so a prosthetic will be easier to fit than if it was higher up. She's young, she'll adapt quickly."

"She's young," Michael repeated dully. She's only seven years old."

"Do you want