nights, makes him tea when he can't sleep, finds him food or clothes when he doesn't want to get up. He holds back his hair after he gets drunk and then throws up, then washes him and tucks him into bed. 

He helps Luke hide, he helps him function. But he cannot make him live. Only time can heal this wound, but Michael knows it will. It has to. It slowly tears Michael apart, but he pretends that every inch he tears is another inch of Luke that is brought back together. It gets him through the days. 

Luke isn't as good at pretending as Michael is, but they're on break and Calum and Ashton are in their honeymoon phase. No one suspects a thing. Michael suggests they go on a vacation together, and they head to America for a few weeks. Luke cries out loud the first night they're gone. 

Michael's heart breaks again when Luke begins to question. 

"Am I not good enough?" or "of course Ash deserves him, they're perfect."

"No," Michael denies. "You're perfect. The person who gets you will be the luckiest person alive. You deserve so much better." 

Luke doesn't read into it too much, for which Michael is grateful. 

 

 

 

He wants to be happy for his friends. He wants to congratulate them and crack terrible jokes, but this time his jokes will not bring out Luke's beautiful laugh, and he holds back. He wants to shake Calum for not seeing Like right in front of him, but Ashton is so deserving of happiness too and Calum gives him that and he gives it to Calum in turn. 

Once he bitterly thinks that it's Luke's heart that has messed this up, that if Luke loved him instead, everything could be perfect. He burns his arm in shame that night. It's not fair- the heart wants what the heart wants and Luke can control his love for Calum no more than Michael can control his love for Luke.

His weight drops faster and his arms become covered in small neat lines, but Luke begins to heal. Inch for inch, he reminds himself. He gives and Luke unwittingly takes, and falling apart has never felt worth it until now. 

 

 

 

"Why did I fall for the wrong person?" Luke asks one night. 

"We all do at least once," Michael says. "We're only human. We think with our hearts and not with our heads." 

"I think my head would love you," Luke whispers. 

Michael's heart hammers long after Luke is sleeping as he agonizes over that one sentence. It's futile. Even when Luke recovers from this heartbreak, he will not love Michael. He will find someone much better. 

 

 

 

Slowly the nights change to sleeping silently in each other's arms. No more tears are shed. Then it morphs into getting to know the more serious side of each other, sides they don't talk about nearly enough. 

"I feel too much," Michael confesses. He doesn't call it by name- anxiety. And he doesn't talk about how deadly it is when mixed with depression. 

"It's your big heart," Luke smiles genuinely. 

"I have to have at least one good trait," Michael jokes, wanting to prolong that smile. But the smile fades. Luke rolls over until they're facing, noses almost touching. 

"Hey, there are many great things about you." He's whispering, as if the moment is delicate. "Never forget that."

Michael stares at himself in the mirror for a while after Luke is asleep, trying to find the good traits. He sees nothing. 

 

 

 

His heart breaks again when Luke is fully healed. But he can be happy for Calum and Ashton. Luke is the one to crack stupid jokes about them and everything is fine again. Except for the fact that Michael poured everything left in him into Luke. He's hollowed out, now. 

His spirals mentally. Cuts get deeper, purging more frequent. He thinks about death a lot and it begins to feel as if there wouldn't even be consequences, despite the fact that logically he knows there would be. His heart leads, his mind can only protest in vain- and the heart knows no common sense. 

His bandmates are better than ever and he is dying. 

 

 

 

The decision isn't that hard. If he'd be honest with himself, he'd admit that he had made it weeks, even months, before. 

He's drained of everything and he has no words to write. He simply pens 'I'm sorry' on a scrap of paper and leaves it with his things. 

He is sorry. He's sorry to inconvenience anyone. He's sorry he had to be the band failure. He's reached the end of the road.

He gets into the tub fully clothed and slits his wrists. 

 

 

 

He wakes up. He's angry and disoriented. He's not dead,