?"

"No. I mean, sure, getting the hate from people was a blow to my self-confidence, but there's also a ton of support. More support, actually. I just didn't see it. And music is- music is all I can do, all I'm remotely good at. It's also helped me through a lot and I'd be worse off without this career. The biggest thing, though, is being around my bandmates all the time. They've had to be my family and even though hey didn't know what I was struggling with, somewhere deep inside I knew they cared and would want I help. That was the turning point, where I changed my mind. Hearing, especially from Luke, that I was more to them than I had always seen myself sort of opened my eyes."

Brenda nodded and Michael felt relieved.

"Do you have anything to add, Luke?" She asked. Luke squeezed Michael's hand gently.

"First of all, Michael, we don't 'have' to be your family. We want to be your family. Second of all, I don't know how you possibly didn't see how much I cared about you. And hearing that you stopped hurting yourself after we became friends- I want that to happen now, I want to be enough for you like I was back then."

Michael bit his lip to fight back the tears but he also couldn't help smiling. Brenda nodded again, studying Michael's face for a moment and writing something down. 

"One more question and then our session is over," she told them. "Michael, how do you feel now?"

Michael hesitated. "I don't know- I can't quite put my finger on it. I just- I still feel depressed, it's not gonna just go away, but I also feel like maybe I can get through this. If Luke's with me, if Ashton and Calum are with me. They're worth getting through this for. I sort of owe it to them too, after all they've been through because of me."

Brenda seemed satisfied. "Well, go home and think about it at random times during the day. Take note of when and where you feel the best and worst. Would you mind if I speak with Luke alone?"

"I don't mind," Michael said. He stood and bent to kiss Luke on the cheek before leaving the room. 

Luke turned to Brenda as the door shut. 

"I know there's a lot on your shoulders right now," she said. "Do you need to let anything out?"

"He's insecure about me," Luke said. "What am I suppose to do with that?"

"He has some insecurity about you,  granted, but he has much more security in you too. Right now you're what grounds him. Don't feel discouraged or guilty. Just keep doing exactly what you're doing."

She stood and Luke followed suite. 

"Thank you," he said before following Michael out the door.

Luke sat next to Michael on the couch and turned to look at him. 

"Are you sure you're fine with seeing them?" He asked Michael. 

"I should. I owe it to them and they've gone through a lot because of me."

"Calum told me that if you weren't ready, they don't have to come." Luke leaned against Michael and wrapped his arms around him. Michael leaned into his touch.

"I'm fine," Michael said. "If I can't talk to two of my best friends I'm never going to get better."

"If you're sure," Luke said, frowning hesitantly.

"I'm sure," Michael said, and Luke nodded. He kissed him on the cheek and stood as a knock sounded on the door. 

He opened it and Michael heard muttered voices before Calum and Ashton walked in, standing awkwardly by the door. They'd visited Michael in the hospital a few times, but they hadn't seen him in a while. Michael didn't know what to do. 

He stood up. "Um, hey."

"Oh fuck it," Ashton said, throwing his arms around Michael. Calum laughed and followed suit and Luke tried to envelop them all in his long arms. Michael felt content, some of the turmoil in his brain easing away. 

"I think we need to do something together," Calum announced. 

"Let's go get pizza," Michael said, all of his nervousness suddenly gone.

"Are you sure?" Luke asked Michael, looking at him anxiously over Ashton's shoulder. 

"Yeah," Michael said. "I haven't been outside since my last appointment and I haven't seen Calm and Ashton since I got out of the hospital. I think we should."

"Okay," said Luke, "let's go."

Calum grinned. "Of course it