blush felt like fire licking at his skin.


 


Victor bit his lip. “Mmm, you know it, huh?”


 


Yuuri shivered and nodded. His eyes wouldn’t focus. He felt a sudden desperation to come. Victor must have noticed, for he slid down, beneath Yuuri’s body, and gripped his ass. As his legs were spread open, fingers delving so close to his flinching hole, Yuuri moaned into the sheets.


 


Victor licked a stripe down Yuuri’s cock, over his balls, and down his perineum. His tongue came so close to Yuuri’s rim, and yes, it felt so good, a warm, soft tingle that went straight up his spine and into the base of his skull, but he snapped his legs closed and rolled over onto his butt. An utterly embarrassing sound came from his throat.


 


“Ohhh.” Victor smoothed a hand down Yuuri’s side and rolled on top of him. “My shy cutie.”


 


Yuuri panted and tangled his fingers in the sheets. At the sweet press of Victor’s pursed lips on the head of his cock, Yuuri’s tension melted and his whines laced his breaths. He rubbed his thighs together, rim still twitching, but now with a delicious throb. Victor circled his hand around Yuuri’s cock and rubbed his thumb up a vain. He kept his writhing body still with a gentle hand, and took the head of his cock into his mouth.


 


Victor’s lips looked so pretty around his cock; Yuuri couldn’t look away, though his eyes could barely focus. Those pretty lips parted with a pop, leaving only hot breath moving over his cock, then submerged him again in tight, wet heat. 


 


“Ah!” Yuuri gasped. 


 


Victor’s eyes flicked up, his mouth still circled around Yuuri’s cock, but Yuuri could swear the corners were tweaked up in an impish smile. Again and again, Victor sucked and released pressure, holding the base of Yuuri’s cock in a steady hand. Yuuri’s pelvis throbbed with mounting pleasure, and his body tensed and relaxed in waves. Then, with his deft tongue, Victor stroked Yuuri’s slit and rubbed the circle of his hand up and down, faster, faster, until Yuuri’s brain fell to pieces and his feet pressed into the mattress. With a gasp and a shudder, he came in Victor’s face. 


 


Victor squeaked, laughed, and sat up. “Wow!” He swiped a streak of cum off his cheek and popped his finger in his mouth. “Ah! Even better than mine.”


 


Yuuri stared at him in shock and embarrassment, lips pressing into his mouth. Aftershocks rippled through him whenever he shifted. 


 


“What?” Victor cocked his head with a silly grin. 


 


When Yuuri didn’t speak, only able to huff hot breath out of his nostrils, Victor lunged forward and pressed his forehead against Yuuri’s. 


 


Yuuri wrinkled his nose at the feeling of Victor’s cum-filled fringe. “Eww!”


 


He tried to wriggle out from under Victor, only to be caught around the waist. Wet kisses peppered his neck, and he couldn’t help but giggle, no longer struggling. One leg dangled from the bed, trailing like the messy sheets. 


 


Suddenly, he remembered his imminent free skate, and sat bolt upright, knocking Victor back. 


 


“I can’t go like this!” He touched his gross forehead and neck, and stood up on wobbly feet. “I need another shower.”


 


Victor wrapped his arms around Yuuri’s waist and trailed after him. “Me too, me too!”


 


Yuuri had half a mind to shut him out of the bathroom, but Victor darted in first, pulling him in by the waist as his skirt bounced with each step. Yuuri squeaked as he was flattened against the shower door. He reached up to smooth Victor’s hair out of his eyes, then tugged at a strand.


 


“Okay, let’s wash this, hmm?”


Yuuri’s relaxed body was reclined along one side of the king-size bed, barely utilising the space he had. His legs were tucked in a demure pose and a book was perched in his hands. His glasses looked like they were going to slip off his nose and fall on the pages, until he pressed them against his face in a gesture that was somehow elegant and awkward at the same time. Victor squished his own cheeks and danced on his toes for a moment, before springing onto the bed.

Yuuri squawked and dropped his book. “Victor, I lost my place.”

“Here’s your place.” Victor took Yuuri’s finger and guided it to his lips. He gave it a soft kiss.

Yuuri’s frown melted into laughter and he leant forward for a kiss, crushing the spine of his book in the process. “Oops.” His shoulders rose sheepishly, and he put the book on his bedside table without taking his eyes off Victor.

“You’re adorable.” Victor ran his thumb up Yuuri’s palm.

Yuuri’s head ducked and he