’d have to talk to Vasily about.”  Yuri grabbed another cat to throw at Mila.  “Use your brain, Mila!  Cheating you could forgive, you have before, but with me?  When you’re like my sister?”

Mila picked up the cat and hugged it.  “You’re right.  I’ll talk to Vasily, give him the chance to explain.  I mean, Oleg does know about his scar, he was there when it happened and they’re teammates, they see each other in the locker room all the time.”  She handed the cat back to Yuri and hugged him.  “I’m so sorry.  Forgive me?”

“Yeah, of course.  What the fuck did you involve Beka for, though?  Witness for the defense after you killed me?”

Mila blinked.  “You can’t figure that one out?”

Yuri closed his eyes and squeezed the cat in his hands really hard.  “The last couple things you thought should be obvious, I had no fucking clue about.  Just tell me.”

“Okay.  I thought your boyfriend would want to know you were sleeping with some other guy.”

“My…”  Yuri threw the cat at Mila again.  “I do not have a boyfriend!  Beka and I are friends!  Get out of here, hag!”

Mila glanced over to the screen.  “Um.  Shit.  I… I should go.  Yeah.  Once again, I’m so sorry, Yura.  I should have… I’m sorry.”  Mila left.

Yuri settled back down.  “She’s crazy.  Anyway, music.  Where were we?”

“I, um.  I have to go.  Sorry, my mom just texted, there’s a family thing I forgot about…”  Otabek ended the call.

What the hell was that about?

Prompt: 62. “You think that this is easy for me?”

Otabek didn’t respond to the messages Yuri sent over the next couple days, or answer calls, or do much of anything.  He found Mila a couple days after the fight.  “Hey.  Have you talked to Vasily?”

“Yeah.  Asshole was cheating, those pictures were real, except he photoshopped your face on the other guy’s body.  I don’t know who the other guy is.  Not a hockey player.”  Mila shrugged.  “He said he thought I’d be cool with it since he was banging a dude.  Said I could sleep with whatever chicks I wanted.  I told him I could sleep with whoever I wanted anyway because I was breaking up with him.”

“Nice.  You ever thought about dating a chick?”

“Yeah, kinda.  You think I could take Mickey in a fight, don’t you?”

“If you can’t, call me, I’ll back you up.  Between the two of us, Mickey’s as dead as you want him.”

“Good.”  Mila grinned at him, and it was good to see her happy.  “So.  Otabek.  I kind of started some shit, how’s that going?”

Yuri shoved his hands in his pocket.  “It’s not going.  He had some family thing he forgot about that he remembered right after you left, and he hasn’t talked to me since.  Think this is the longest I’ve ever gone without hearing his voice.  It’s annoying.”

“Ouch.  I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to screw things up for you.”  Mila’s face twisted into a rueful smirk.  “Well, I did, but only because of my wrong ideas.”

“I know.  If I really had been fucking your boyfriend, I’d have deserved it, too.  Where’d you get the idea that Otabek was my boyfriend?”

“The way the two of you are!  Every free moment the two of you have, you’re talking to each other, practically glued together at competitions you’re both in, you kissed his cheek when he won silver at the Finals last month…”

“Cheek.  Friends do that.”  If friends didn't, then Chris and Viktor had a lot of explaining to do.

“Yeah, well, you’re always complaining about every little thing Viktor and Yuuri do, or Georgi and Karina, or me and Vasily… we just all assumed you and Otabek preferred to keep your stuff private.  Otabek’s never been one for big public displays of emotion anyway.”

“We?  All?”

“Yakov and Viktor were talking the other day.  He was wondering if there was any point in booking you your own room at World’s, given how little you used it at the Finals…”

“Yakov?  Viktor?  They think…”

Mila shrugged and held up her hands.  “It’s what it looked like to all of us.  Yuuri, Georgi, Sara… don’t blame them.”

“But… Otabek and I are friends.”

“What, being friends means you can’t be boyfriends too?  Dating a friend is usually considered a good thing.”

“What if