cough. Yuri forced himself to sit up, leaning on one hand while he desperately tried to breath through the coughs wracking his body.

 

He felt something, probably a hand, giving his higher back a firm clap and kinda helping the coughing a bit. When the coughing finally stopped, with a sound not unlike the one his cat made when she was about to throw up a hairball, he person behind him resigned to rubbing circles over his back while Yuri gasped for breath.

 

“You okay?” The man, from what Yuri deemed by his voice, asked still rubbing his back. Yuri nodded, shaking all over with sweat running down his neck.

 

“Y-yes I’m okay.” He rasped out, closing his eyes to stop the room from swimming around him. The person beside him hummed, and let go of Yuri’s back.

 

“I’m going to get you some water and something for your throat okay? I’ll be back.” The doctor or nurse said, before leaving the room after Yuri had nodded again. He flopped down on the bed, and pulled one arm over his eyes. He tried to focus on breathing normally and not panting like a dog while listening after the footsteps of whoever was getting the water. It was taking an awful long time.

 

“Here.” Yuri blinked. By the bed was a guy, holding out a plastic mug in front of Yuri that was filled with water. He sat up again, much slower this time, grabbed the cup and drank it all in a matter of seconds before setting it down on the table by the bed.

 

“Thanks.” He looked up at the guy again. He was wearing the same white scrubs with gray squares all over, like all the other nurses in the hospital and his hair was a bit ruffled in the front. Yuri made a small mental note on that very squared jaw.

 

“No problem. This is for your throat, I recommend that you take one every sixth hour. ” The nurse said, before placing a water bottle on the table together with a small white oval bottle.”Is there anything more you need?”

 

“New airways.” Yuri muttered, before easing himself back in between the mattress and covers. The nurse only hummed, before taking a look at the information paper hanging from a clipboard at the feet of his bed. The nurse looked much better in an undercut than JJ, that was for sure.

 

“I could get you some pillows, having your head above your lungs will free your airways and probably make sleeping easier.” He said, and Yuri just nodded. He would have liked to say something more, but he was too tired and the pressure in his head was worse than before so it would have to be enough.

 

“I’ll be back soon.” The nurse said before walking out of the room and Yuri closed his eyes.









When Yuri woke up the next day, it was to a white world. Or more accurately; a shitload of pillows around him. He blinked slowly, trying to remember where the pillows had come from, because as far as he knew they hadn’t been there the evening before.

 

Slowly he sat up, and rubbed his head when dark spots began to dance in front of his vision. Right, some nurse had come by during the night. Yuri didn’t really remember much, something about his throat hurting and getting water. Plus that guy’s jaw line. He scowled, what an important and totally necessary detail to remember.

 

Absentmindedly he reached for the small bottle of pills and the water bottle. According to the instructions he was just gonna have to keep the pill in his mouth and let it dissolve, easy.

 

Except that as soon as the pill started to dissolve it tasted  horrible. Yuri gagged before spitting the mess out into the plastic cup and quickly reaching for the water bottle and chugging down half of it just to get rid of the taste.

 

“What the fuck?” He spat out, thought it sounded very slurred with his nose and all, before grabbing the bottle and reading over the label again.  Strawberry Bafucin- to help with  sore throats and mild inflammations. “Who the fuck messed up with strawberry this bad?” Yuri hissed and narrowed his eyes at the bottle before throwing it at the wall in front of the bed. The sound it made colliding with the wall wasn’t that satisfying. Yuri had an urge to get up and stop that bottle to death.

 

Thankfully he was saver from the pain of having to go up by a knock on the door.

 

“Come in.” Yuri laid back against the pillows, and there were so many he might as well have been sitting up really.

 

The door opened and a nurse walked in. It was the same one from the night. Same yaw, his hair was a bit more tousled than Yuri remembered it being, but over all the same guy who gave him those fucking pills.

 

He glared when the nurse walked over to his side, with a small turn on his lips.

 

“Good morning.”

 

“What the fuck.” Okay, so maybe he should have