to walk around the beach with me?”

Yurio sputters, but Yuuri and Viktor are already racing away before they can hear his response. 

They stumble through the door to their penthouse, and Yuuri has Viktor by the waist before it’s even fully shut. He presses kisses along his jaw, and his breath is ragged as he pants against his ear.

“Where do you want it?”


His lips trail down Viktor’s neck, sucking and biting, and Viktor moans, running his fingers through his hair. Yuuri’s getting impatient, and he’s ready to take Viktor on the couch, on the bed, in the shower, anywhere, when Viktor finally responds.

“Let’s go upstairs.”


Yuuri pulls away, gaping at him.

“Up...stairs?”


There’s a private terrace, he remembers suddenly. A terrace. On the roof.

“Viktor,” he says slowly, “you... want to... um, on the roof?”


Viktor gives him a look so sultry that Yuuri forgets how to use words, or how to think, or how to do anything else besides drag Viktor up to the private terrace. He snatches up the massage oils they’d brought with them. Yuuri isn’t exactly sure if sun lotion ought to be used as lube, but he isn’t about to find out.

The sun is even brighter up here, and the jacuzzi looks so inviting. Yuuri nearly slips getting into it, taking Viktor down with him. They sink into the bubbling water, mouths meeting, tongues sliding, hands moving, and when Yuuri’s fingers slip under Viktor’s briefs to wrap around his cock again, he moans loudly, and Yuuri freezes.

Viktor pants, leaning back against the edge of the tub, pushing the wet strands of his silver hair out of his eyes. He licks his lips and grins.

“Don’t worry, Yuuri. No one can hear us.”


Yuuri is pretty sure everyone can hear them, considering how clearly he can hear the bustle of the crowd below. The hotel isn’t even very tall, which seems to be the norm on this island. He could probably peek over the edge of the short wall and make awkward eye contact with a stranger from a distance.

Viktor’s arms wrap around his neck, his fingers running through his hair as he brings him closer. Their lips meet again, and Yuuri’s worries melt away, and the only thing that matters now is the tongue twisting against his and the cock throbbing in his hand. The water splashes over the edge as Yuuri moves, pumping Viktor faster, and Viktor throws his head back, gasping.

“Oh, Yuuri! Yes, faster!”


But Yuuri lets him go, grabbing his hands and pinning them with his own. Viktor starts to whine, then cries out as Yuuri grinds his cock into his. Yuuri gasps and groans, bucking his hips hard against Viktor’s, and the friction between their briefs has his eyes rolling back.

“God,” he moans into Viktor’s ear, and Viktor shivers hard, spreading his legs wider.


“Yuuri, please,” Viktor whimpers.


“Please, what?” Yuuri murmurs, grinding harder. He looks down at him, and Viktor is flushed such an alluring shade of red that Yuuri is stunned. Viktor pants as he looks back at him, and his eyes speak before his mouth moves.

“Fuck me.”

Yuuri tries not to drop him as he heaves him out of the water, and they stumble towards the large lounge sofa against the walled edge of the roof. Yuuri pushes Viktor back onto it, then grabs the oil, rubbing it into his hands. He wants to see Viktor sleek and shining again. He grabs Viktor’s waist tight, pulling him close as he climbs onto the sofa to join him, and he massages it into his skin slowly, watching him squirm underneath him.

Yuuri yelps in surprise when Viktor yanks him down, fingers running through his hair again. They kiss, and Yuuri’s skin slides against Viktor’s, so smooth and wet, and they’re grabbing at each other’s briefs, yanking them down and off, and when their freed cocks grind together, Yuuri cries out, and Viktor groans and grins.

“Shush, Yuuri, you’re being too loud!”


Yuuri bites his neck in response, grinding harder, and Viktor whines desperately.

“P-please, Yuuri,” he begs.


Yuuri pulls away, looking him up and down and licking his lips. Viktor is still flushed so beautifully, his eyes glazed with lust, and now he leans back against the cushions, panting. He runs his fingers through his hair again, and his other hand glides down his body as he spreads his legs wider. Yuuri’s eyes follow.

“Please,” Viktor moans, his hand reaching his cock, pumping it slowly. His other hand slides down past it, and he spreads his legs even wider as his fingers rub around his hole. “Fuck me, Yuuri,” he purrs, bucking his hips slightly.


Yuuri’s