s home," says Leo. "One of them, anyway." 

"Really," Guang-Hong murmurs. He shifts, moving closer to Leo, and leans his head on Leo's shoulder. In response, Guang-Hong finds an arm looped around his waist and then he's pulled into Leo's lap, Leo's chin on his shoulder and his breath ticking his neck. 

"You're another," Leo hums, and Guang-Hong can feel his ears burn. 

"That's cheesy," he laughs, but he melts into Leo's grip anyway as he continues to take in the view from the window. It's a strange, almost surreal wonder, this oversaturated world. "But the feeling's mutual, I suppose." In the back of his mind, he notes how the sunlight dapples the floor of the room. 

Outside, a man begins strumming a guitar. The shouts of children can be heard in the streets: the sky is clear and the weather mild. The tenant on the fifth floor of the brightly-painted pink six-story house next to theirs opens the window, and the scent of fried dough drifts through the air as he dips his forehead down to touch Leo's, laces his fingers in his hair and smiles. "I love you," Leo breathes out, and Guang-Hong smiles.

"I know."

hmu on tumblr at avioxe

i am tired

morning rain brings ambience.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

When he wakes up it's five in the morning and it's raining a steady thrum on the roof of the building like a young lover's heartbeat. It's the kind of drizzle that he likes, the no-thunder sort, the kind that carves rivers down the windowpanes, dark valleys in the flowerpot soil that grows the azaleas on their windowsill.

Early light, dampened by the clouds, drifts into the room from the two windows on the far side of the room. He can make out the streets below, outside, if he squints, but Guang-Hong instead contents himself with examining the little bears printed on his pillowcase, listening to the steady breaths of Leo behind him and the rain outside.

Behind him, Leo shifts his arm over Guang-Hong's waist and he leans back into Leo's chest gladly, tangles his legs further in the cotton sheets and listens to the sound of water over ceramic tile, the metallic, damp-sounding ting of the windchimes. "Good morning," Leo breathes into his ear after a moment of ambience, pulling Guang-Hong closer.

He smiles softly into the blanket. "Good morning," says Guang-Hong.

In response, Leo tucks his chin neatly over the place where his shoulder meets his neck and hums appreciatively.

"Rainy day today," says Leo, and Guang-Hong nods, leaning into his embrace for a moment before wiggling away and slipping out of their shared queen bed.

"The azalea flowers finally bloomed," Guang-Hong murmurs, and opens the window curiously to examine the blossoms better. The sleeves of his too-large nightshirt slip down over his fingers as he reaches out, brushing the leaves in the pot before drawing his arms back in with a light, breathy sigh.

Neither of them have the affinity for gardening nor for plants, but Leo is patient and Guang-Hong is careful, delicate so they make it work, planting six azalea clusters on the edge of their windowsill and watching them grow. They're both quite proud, really.

He leans out of the window, just a little, to brush his fingers against the petals. They're the lightest of powder-pink, delicate and soothing, and he contemplates picking one in a later season.

"Careful," Leo says from behind him, hands already firm on Guang-Hong's hips as a just-in-case gesture and Guang-Hong laughs and says okay as he ducks back inside. Leo wraps his arms around him, one over his shoulder and one around his waist, and he welcomes the embrace.

They stay like that, watching the rain.

drabble word vomit is my specialty

hmu on tumblr at avioxe

Cooking together, and a little more.

There's a cool breeze, a spring breeze, that flutters the white curtains of their kitchen window, stirs up the pages of the cookbook on the table and ruffles Leo's hair as he faces the stove.

Guang-Hong's perched himself on the counter, counting beans and sorting spices, when this happens and he sits there, watches Leo brush his hair out of his face with a surprised mumble. "See?" He says, a laugh spilling from his lips as he picks a piece of garlic off the counter to inspect it, "even the weather's happy today, isn't it?"

Leo chuckles. "I am, too, being with you." He wipes his hands on his apron and turns the flame to low on the stove, turning to Guang-Hong with a smile. "We should do this more often