anyone else to bed.  He pretended not to know about Christophe’s exploits when he wasn’t there, but when he was, Christophe was all his.  Otabek was grateful, and he spent a lot of the time working with Harley and training.

Out on patrol, they’d run into trouble.  First off, dragons didn’t necessarily get along well with their own kind, so when Harley scented another dragon in the area, Otabek had a bit of a wild ride before he could get Harley calmed down.  Then they found the other dragon was under attack.  The rider, another dragon-knight, was fighting back – but he was clearly wounded, and his dragon was barely able to stay airborne.

Otabek and Harley swooped in, talons and fire making short work of the exhausted and wounded “angels”.  They weren’t angels.  They were harpies.  They were just called angels because of superstition.

Once the harpies were dispatched, Otabek brought Harley down beside the other knight.  “How bad are your wounds?”

“Bad.  Forget me, though.  Potya’s got a torn wing.”  The knight slid off his dragon’s back and rummaged through a pack.  “Hate to ask, no one wants to touch someone else’s dragon, but think you can hold his wing out while I stitch up the tear?”

“I can try, if he’ll let me.”  Otabek slid off and went around to Harley’s head.  “I’m not abandoning you, boy, you’re the only dragon I want.  This other dragon’s one of us, though, and he needs help.  Okay?”  Harley nodded, though he was clearly unhappy, and curled up with his head on his paws to watch.  Otabek went over to Potya.  “Hi.  My name is Sir Otabek Altin, and I’m going to be helping your knight to fix you up.  Will you accept my aid?”

Potya breathed a little smoke, which was a sign of acceptance.  If Potya was not going to accept him, there would be no doubt, because Otabek would be at least singed a little.  Otabek took a firm hold of the wing bones on either side of the tear, holding them so the membrane between them would just come together.  Potya’s knight worked quickly, and Potya kept the whimpering to a minimum.

Once the wing was stitched up, Otabek caught the other knight’s shoulder.  “Do you need help, now that Potya’s seen to?”

“I’ll fix myself up once I get home.  I’m more exhausted than anything.  The flock was originally twice that size, and I used too much magic trying to protect myself.”  He stuck out a hand.  “Yuri Plisetsky.  Thanks for the save.”

Yuri Plisetsky?  Wow.  The way the bards spoke of him, Otabek had never imagined him in danger.  “Will you and Potya be able to make it home on your own?”

“Probably.  I think so.  Potya knows the way, so if I pass out, he can get us there still.”

Yuri looked so tired, and with Potya's wing, Otabek wasn't sure he trusted Yuri's word.  “Come home with me.  It’s not far, Potya can rest his wing before making the flight to the capital, and you can get some sleep so that if you’re attacked again on the way you’re not helpless up there.”

Yuri hesitated, but he nodded.  “Okay.  Should we clean up the cemetery first?  Burn the harpy corpses?”

Otabek sighed.  “Yeah, probably.  Don’t want to attract more harpies.  Got a torch?”

“Nah, I’ve got enough left for this if I don’t have to fly all the way home.”  Yuri reached out a hand, and the corpses burst into flame.  He slumped, and Otabek caught him.  “Okay.  You said not far, right?  I really hope you weren’t lying.”

 

They made it back – Potya and Yuri both were struggling, but they got there before either of them gave out.  Otabek had just gotten them settled in the empty stall when Christophe walked in.  “Otabek!  You’re here!  Good, come with me.”

“I can’t.”

“Of course you can!”  Christophe put his arms around Otabek’s waist and pulled him in.  “If this is about Masumi, he’s gone for the night, he won’t care.  Got called out to deal with angels.”

“He might be back.  I took care of a flock of angels.”  Otabek glanced over at the stall where Potya and Yuri were curled up together.  “I can’t come with you because I have wounded guests to look after.”

Chris slapped Otabek.  “Forget them.  Your sworn duty is to me.”

“The oaths I took when I was knighted are my highest duty.  I’m a knight.  I have a responsibility to care for those in need, especially the helpless.  While normally my guests are