a long time ago when Worlds was in Tokyo I got to go and Viktor signed a poster for me, but that doesn’t really count, does it?  If I’ve ever met Cao Bin, I don’t remember it.”

“Can’t help with Bin, I barely know him either, but if you’d like I can introduce you to Viktor.  Properly, this time.”

Yuuri backed up, eyes wide and hands flailing.  “No, that’s… I shouldn’t… I don’t want to impose!  He must be busy, preparing for the competition tomorrow… I wouldn’t want to distract him.  Not that I’m much of a distraction, but… oh no, kill me now.”

Christophe bit his lip to keep from laughing.  Yuuri was a Viktor Nikiforov Fanboy, all right.  “He won’t mind a bit, I promise.  In fact, you should come to dinner with us tonight.  Viktor’s got a sponsor meeting over lunch, but…”

“I… I can’t, Coach Celestino doesn’t like me wandering the night before a competition, but maybe tomorrow?  After the short program is over?”  Yuuri didn't sound sure, but Christophe decided not to push him any more today.  He remembered Yuuri had always been prone to nerves back in Juniors, and if he hadn't grown out of it, Christophe didn't want to be the reason Yuuri didn't do well the next day.

“Sure!  Hope to see you then.”  Christophe went to find Viktor, who was waiting impatiently for the report.  “He seemed a bit terrified at the thought of meeting you again.”

“Again?”  Viktor frowned.

“Like you said, he’s a fan.  You signed a poster for him years ago.  He does not expect you to remember him at all.”

After a moment, Viktor's eyes lit up.  “Oh!  In Tokyo?”

Christophe blinked a couple times.  “Yes, actually.  Do you really remember him, or are you just guessing?”

“Guessing.  It’s the only time I can think of that I’d have been in Japan before he left for America.”

 

Yuuri’s short program went quite well, giving him a good shot at a medal.  When Christophe left the Kiss and Cry after beating Yuuri for first, he went straight to Yuuri.  “You did really well.”

“Thanks.  You did better.”

“Well, we’re both about to get our asses kicked."  Yuuri smiled and watched Viktor as he started his program.  "I swear, it’s like he’s two different people.  Off the ice, he is a hopeless dork.”

“But he’s always so… Viktor!”  Yuuri didn't take his eyes off the skater despite the protest.

“He’ll probably be mad at me for telling you what a dork he is, but he is.”

“Aren’t you supposed to be his friend?”

“Exactly, which means I know who he is when the spotlights and cameras are off.”

As expected, Viktor scored significantly higher than anyone else.  Christophe caught the look on his face when he saw Christophe sitting with Yuuri and shook his head.  “So, are you joining us for dinner?  See for yourself what a dork he is?”

Yuuri pulled in on himself.  “I… I can’t…”

“Yes you can.  Come on, Yuuri.  He was quite disappointed you didn’t join us yesterday, if you’re worried about intruding.”

“I’m not…"  Yuuri shook his head.  "Why would Viktor be disappointed that some dime-a-dozen skater didn’t go to lunch with him?”

Christophe facepalmed.  Why had he agreed to this?  Yuuri was just as dense as Viktor, it would seem.  “Okay, he is definitely going to be mad at me for this one, but I cannot deal with another four months of him.  He likes you.”

“He doesn’t even know me.”

“No, but he wants to.”

“Why?”

“Ask him.”  Christophe waved Viktor over from where he’d been standing and glaring at Christophe.  Viktor came over, looking a little awkward.  “Viktor, meet Yuuri.  Yuuri, you are not allowed to run away until you say something to him.”

Yuuri swallowed hard.  “Um, hello, Viktor?  You looked really good out there.”

Viktor was also uncharacteristically nervous, voice quieter than usual as he responded.  “You too.  I haven’t been able to stop watching you since Worlds.  It’s good on film, but you are amazing in person.”

Yuuri’s eyes widened and he looked around, finally settling his gaze on Chris.

Christophe shrugged.  “I told you he liked you.”

“Why?  I’m not even all that talented…”

“Yes you are,” Christophe and Viktor both said.  Viktor stuck his tongue out at Christophe.  “You don’t get here without talent, Yuuri.”  Viktor’