was it.”

“Oh.  So… you and Otabek aren’t dating?”  There'd been rumors since Barcelona, but rumors weren't always right.

“No, we’re not.  Alina wanted Otabek to wait for her, and he agreed.  We’re really close, but it’s just friendship.”  Yuri came over to Minami.  “I know I scare you.  Like I said, I always thought I’d be alone, so if you don’t think you can get over that, don’t worry about it.  I won’t blame you at all when I have my dream and realize who you are.  If you’ve gotten over it by then, great, if not, well, I’ll know.”

“What about if I do want to tell you before then?  Do you want to know right away, or is there a better time?”

Yuri shrugged.  “Don’t tell me on a day I have to compete.  Other than that, I don’t care.  Do you have my phone number?”

“No, but Guang Hong does, or Yuuri.  If I get you a message through one of them to call me, would you?”

“I think so."  Yuri smiled.  It was a very strange sight that Minami would not have believed if someone had told him it could happen.  "If nothing else, I’d be curious to know why someone who’s scared of me wants me to call him.  We’re not competing against each other in the Grand Prix, are we?”

“No.  Not until the Olympics, if I get chosen to represent Japan.  Katsuki’s the obvious choice, but I’ve got a good case for the second slot, since I helped earn it.”

“Or if we both make the Finals.  It could happen.  Much rather have you than fucking JJ again.”

 

School that day dragged.  As soon as he got out, he called Yuuri.  “Can you give the other Yuri my phone number and ask him to call me?”

Minami could hear the surprise in Yuuri's voice as he answered.  “I can do better than that.  Unless you need some time to prepare?”

“No, the sooner I talk to him the better, I think."  Time was just time for him to talk himself out of this.

“Okay.”  Footsteps, and then Yuuri’s voice sounding far away.  “Yuri!  It’s for you!”

Right, of course.  Thanks to Viktor, Yuuri was training at the same rink as Yuri.  “Who the fuck would be calling me on your phone?  Did someone click the wrong name?  It better not be fucking JJ.  If it’s JJ, just hang up, otherwise your phone is going to be meeting a window.”

“No, he doesn’t have your number.  It’s Minami Kenjirou.”

“You’re sure he wants to talk to me?”  Even as distant as Yuri's voice was, the skepticism was clear.

“That’s what he said.”

“Huh.”  Yuri’s voice got much louder and clearer.  “Minami?”

“Yes, that’s me.”

“No offense, but why are you calling me?”

“I know you’re at practice, so you probably can’t talk long now, but we need to talk.  You’re my soulmate.”

“What, really?  Huh.  Would not have called that one.  Hang on a moment, gonna tell Yakov I’m skipping out and switch to my own phone.”  Yuri hung up.

Twenty minutes later, Minami’s phone rang – unfamiliar number.  “Yuri?”

“Yeah.  Hi.  Soulmates, huh?”  He still sounded skeptical, but hopeful, too.

“That’s what my dream said.  Weird, isn’t it?”

“Very.  I’m really surprised you contacted me.  I know you’re scared of me.”

“Well…"  Minami had been.  He was less scared now.  "I got to know you a little better in the dream last night, so that helps.  And I’m you’re soulmate, and you told me that would mean a lot to you and we might not get along very well but you wouldn’t hurt me on purpose.”

“It does mean a lot.  I… I’m glad you’re here.  Well.  That you called."  Yuri cleared his throat.  "Who else knows?”

“I told my parents.  They’re not happy.  They don’t like you because of the stories I told them about you.”

“That’s fair.  Maybe that changes, maybe it doesn’t.  You know this is going to make you famous, right?  Once this gets out, you get the same media scrutiny Yuuri did when Viktor went to get him.”

“You’re sixteen, not fourteen.  There’s a difference.  Besides, I don’t think even the worst of those guys can spin things to make it look