Viktor found out after having looked him up almost obsessively after the video. He was never one for keeping up with Bollywood gossip of all trivial things in the world. According to the tabloids, Yuuri was notoriously private. He was classically trained, but had also grown up listening to Western music. When he went to college in Delhi, he was big in the music scene before he was picked up to sing in a Bollywood film. The rest was history.

 

He had never had a girlfriend, according to the tabloids. For some reason, this pleased Viktor greatly.

 

Reading all these tidbits and factoids about Yuuri, often crudely written, filled Viktor with inexplicable rage. He didn’t know this man. They had no possible family connections. They might have run in similar circles. He probably knew Chris because of Bollywood. Yet, he felt so defensive.

 

There was a vulnerability in Yuuri’s voice that Viktor wanted to showcase to the world but, at the same time, also nurture. The thought haunted Viktor. He didn’t understand this pull to Yuuri. Was this turning into an obsession? Was he just in love with his voice?

 

Viktor had pulled up older videos and songs by Yuuri in an attempt to understand whatever the fuck was going on. There was one unplugged version, where Yuuri was softly humming, and Viktor’s heart beat out of his chest. Yuuri’s eyes were closed and his face relaxed, fingers curled around the microphone. His voice settled at the pit of Viktor’s stomach like the warmth of hot chocolate.

 

He could see, he could feel Yuuri’s fingers wrapped around his, a gentle smile on his face, tinged orange by the flames not so far off. He wasn’t looking at Viktor but he knew that he was thinking about him. A vine of bells shaped like love circled around Viktor’s body as he looked at Yuuri. He cocked his head to the side, and heard them chime.

 

A horn blared behind Viktor. He snapped out of his day dream.

 


 There is something old between us. 


 

He managed to inch his car forward and sighed again. Another five hours of this.

 

Viktor’s phone buzzed.

 

Chris- Hey lovebird i hear you’re headed to manali xx

Viktor- who told you

Chris- a little birdie xx

Viktor- i see

Viktor- was it yuri

Chris- im not telliiiiiiiiing xx

Chris- but i would like you to know that Katsuki usually performs at this one cafe xx

Chris- every sunday

Chris- quite religiously i might add xx

Viktor- send me the address

they meet


Viktor stepped out of the car and stretched. He breathed in the chilly night air. It was such a change from the heady heat of Lucknow. It stuck to your skin, to your clothes. Sweat wasn’t a choice, it was a fact of life. Here though, the air let you breathe.


 


Makkachin bounded out with him and wagged her tail. Poor baby Makkachin. She had been cooped up in a car for 

ages. 

Thankfully, she wasn’t a very fussy dog. 


 


Chris- the cafe is up in Old Manali. You’ll have to walk there. Xx



Viktor- thx


 


He pulled up Google Maps and started to weave his way through the throngs of people that flocked to Manali because apparently they had nowhere else to go to. Couples holding hands, women’s hands hiding a laugh, the grip of their husband’s hands, hands holding bags full of souvenir shopping. 


 


Viktor started to trek up a hill. Google Maps informed him that his destination was three minutes away. He looked up and saw the faded letters on the cafe’s billboard- “Ice Castle”. The front of the cafe was bright and colourful. Splashes of pinks and purples covered the door and walls. The windows were tinted and wind chimes hung from the edge of the roof. 


 


The wind blew. A tipsy couple collided with Viktor and mumbled a half-assed sorry before shrugging off to fuck behind some pub. The fragrance of jasmines wafted from the flower shop that Viktor had passed some five minutes ago. A strange sense of anxiety bubbled inside Viktor.


 


What was he scared of? What could he be scared of? He had performed in front of packed audiences in India and abroad. He was shameless, according to some of his lovers. By no means was he a playboy, but he knew what people thought of him. What he actually was. 


 


“Makkachin! Here!”


 


It didn’t matter. Whatever this was, whatever it was, was more important.


 


~


 


As Yuuri sang, his arm rose and stretched out in front of him. His fingers twirled through the air gently, as if asking why as the song did.

Why is this loneliness present, why is there dishonour in our memories, we have been misplaced, you are lost. 



 


Viktor, still standing in the back of the room, jumped slightly when Yuuri stretched his arm. Yuuri’s trimmed fingernails, the delicate movements of his fingers, the decisive and stubborn stance of his palm-- Viktor want this hand to touch him or