know that he was really a boy except if he told them.

He would be participating in all the same activities as the girls but his differences would be noted. The principal had been informed of these special requests and she had been nothing but supportive.

Yuri walked down the stairs unsure if he looked okay. He patted his skirt and checked that the shirt and tie were as they were supposed to be. He was wearing a light brown skirt and white shirt with a black tie and his hair, which had grown during the last few years, was in two french braids.

"I'm not sure about this anymore. Maybe I should just go change to the boys uniform." Yuri started turning back to the stairs but he stopped when Yuuri spoke.

"You look beautiful Yuri, don't worry about it. Besides, what would be a better opportunity than this?" Yuuri and Viktor smiled.

"You've changed a lot these past two years. You can easily go for a girl or a guy when you wear the right clothes. I'm so proud of you, Yurio!" Viktor hugged him but Yuri quickly pushed him away. He didn't want to admit it but he was happy and his fathers' comments encouraged him to dare to be himself. But what would the new school be like? Would someone notice?

"I'm going to be late, I need to go. Can you drive me papa?" Yuri asked as he put his shoes on.

"Sure thing, I'll just grab the keys. See you soon darling." Yuuri hugged Yuri and kissed Viktor.

"Have a good day at school Yurio!" Yuuri waved from the doorstep when Viktor drove away.

~~~~~

Yuri was sitting in the canteen with Minnie and Sam chatting about nothing in particular. Both had been really impressed by how easily he had made the feminine look seem completely natural for him. If they hadn't known that he was bigender they might not have recognised him.

"You still didn't get your tattoo?" Minnie pouted and Sam nodded sadly.

"No, I thought I could've got it because we traveled so much but..." Sam was cut off.

"YURI!" Yuri almost spit out his water when he heard the pretty familiar voice. "Oh my gosh is that really you? I almost didn't recognise you!" Guang-Hong's arms were wrapped around Yuri's torso from behind before he even had time to think about the situation.

"It's really you! And you're still as cute but now you look even more like girl. This look is really working for you!" Leo smiled happily from where he was standing on the other side of the table standing next to where Minnie was seated. Suddenly another shriek could be heard and Minami appeared from thin air next to Leo.

"YOU'RE IN OUR SCHOOL OH MY GOSH!" Minami ran around the table to give Yuri a giant hug too. Minami felt a small burning sensation on his right shoulder.

"Wow wow wow... Hold on a minute! Yurio, you never told us you had actual friends?" Minnie joked and Minami turned to the other two students sitting with Yuri.

"You're funny," he pointed at Minnie who laughed, "and you're ..." Minami's word vomit suddenly stopped. "Hi, I'm Minami. Nice to meet you! Can we sit here?" He smiled brightly.

"Please, sit down." Sam smiled. Leo and Guang-Hong sat down next to Minnie and Minami sat down next to Yuri.

"I'm Guang-Hong and this is Leo." Guang-Hong introduced the two and a small blush could be seen dusting his cheeks. "I take it that you two are in the same class as Yurio?"

"Yeah! How do you three know Yuri though?" Minnie asked. She was curious to know how Yuri knew three guys who seemed to be two years their senior if their uniforms were anything to go by.

"We were on the same training camp two years ago and we've tried our best to keep in touch after that even though it's sometimes a little bit hard with this one." Minami nodded to Yuri making the other's chuckle.

"So cool! Yurio why didn't you tell us that you had friends? I would've loved to meet them sooner!" Minnie exclaimed for the second time.

"I don't know, it never came up. You've met them now anyway, haven't you? And please stop calling me Yurio, my parents do that more than enough."

"So Yurio," Leo started obviously ignoring Yuri's request, "a girl uniform huh?" Yuri nodded. "You look so adorable!" Yuri blushed and mumbled a thanks.

"Am I not adorable?" Guang-Hong pouted earning a few chuckles from the others.

"Of course you are." Leo smiled. They continued chatting until the bell rang.

"We need to hang out some time!" Minnie made everyone promise before they parted ways going