it was and loving the warmth. Red dusted over Yuuri’s cheeks and he blinked up at Victor, still confused. Victor moved his thumb to his lips, lightly rubbing over them. All he wanted to do was to lean down and kiss him.

                “V-Victor?” Yuuri said in a hushed tone. His warm breath ran over Victor’s hand, sending a chill up his spine. This was his moment. Victor grabbed Yuuri’s chin and tilted it up, pressing his lips to Yuuri’s. Yuuri’s body tensed only for a moment under his kiss, but loosened up. Victor’s eyes were already closed and he felt Yuuri’s arms wrap around his neck. His own arms moved to wrap around his waist as he leaned into the kiss. Unfortuntealy, Yuuri was the first to pull back. Victor’s eyes slowly opened and his head remained in position, missing Yuuri’s lips already.

                “What brought this on?” Yuuri asked, his lips bright red and his eyes looking at the ground.

                “Yuuri, look at me. You know exactly what brought this on. I’ve never seen so much Eros from you. Yuuri, I want you.”

                The younger man jumped in surprise at the boldness of his words, his eyes meeting Victor’s only for a moment. Victor’s arms were still wrapped around Yuuri’s waist and Yuuri’s still around his neck. Victor leaned in to place small kisses on his cheeks, brushing his nose against his skin ever so lightly.

                “I-I want you too. Show me that you love me. Show me I’m yours. Look only at me,” Yuuri said breathlessly. Victor smirked, kissing just under his jaw. This was it. He pushed Yuuri against the wall, not too forcefully to the point he would hurt him, but enough for the excitement. Victor stripped of his own coat, then began to unzip Yuuri’s so their skin would be closer. Yuuri helped him shrug it off, dropping it to the floor. He then rubbed the back of his neck, looking away nervously. Victor grabbed his wrist and gently pulled his hand away.

                “Yuuri, we do not have to do this. We can stop right here, right now. And I would understand. I would not want to make you do something you aren’t comfortable with,” Victor cooed. Yuuri’s head snapped towards him, a serious edge in his eyes.

                “We are doing this. Victor Nikiforov, I want you. You are mine. Please, Victor.”

                “Alright, but if you want to stop at any time, that’s fine.”

                Yuuri nodded, a shy smile spreading on his face. God, he was so cute. It wasn’t fair. Victor’s heart throbbed as he placed a hand on the wall to the right of Yuuri’s head. He leaned in, cupping his face in his other hand. Victor kissed him again, this time inching his tongue towards Yuuri’s lips, waiting for him to let him explore. It was a moment, but Yuuri parted his lips and soon their tongues were clashing and their breathing became raggedy.

                Victor ditched the hand-beside-his-head-idea in favor of grabbing Yuuri’s hips in his hands and hoisting him up into the air just a little bit. Yuuri’s arms were wrapped around Victor’s neck, grasping at the end of his hair. He tugged at it just enough to get a rise out of Victor. A small ‘mmm’ escaped his lips as he pulled away from Yuuri’s. His lips never left his skin. Instead, they simply traveled from the corner of his mouth to his jawline, all the way down his neck to his collarbone. Just simple little kisses at first, testing the waters.

                With more eager tugs at his hair, Victor let his tongue gently graze down Yuuri’s neck. Yuuri trembled under his touch which only made Victor want more. He wedged his knee between Yuuri’s legs, moving his knees apart. Victor raised his leg to softly rub his thigh under his slowly forming bulge. He leaned into Yuuri, pressing him tighter against the wall. That combined with his knee and the kisses and light sucking on his neck cause a low moan to bubble in the back of Yuuri’s throat. It was beautiful and Victor was thirsty to hear more noises from him.

                His lips were back on Yuuri, his thumbs tracing little circles on Yuuri’s hips. He nipped at Yuuri’s lip which made him yelp just a tiny bit, but it did drive even more passion into Yuuri. His knee pushed Yuuri’s knees even more apart, giving him a bit more room. He wanted to go father. He wanted more of Yuuri. He wanted to feel more of Yuuri’s soft skin.

                But Yuuri’s hands were on his chest, pushing him away. Victor knew he had done it. He had crossed the line. It was not his intentions to make Yuuri uncomfortable.