and struggling to understand the whole plot. He was starting to give up and considered going to bed early, when the door flung open.

There stood a stranger; a tall, round guy with short hair and broad shoulders. Phichit would have yelled at the moment, if he didn’t see the figure of Seung-Gil on the guy’s back, whining incoherently.

Seung-Gil’s companion muttered and dropped the limp body in Phichit’s arms carelessly, then left without another word.


Oh, no.


“Phichit!” he yelped, eyes wide and nose red. “Ah! I miss you so much! So, so much!”

“Uh. Okay. But you only left for a few hours—“

“I miss you! T’was really boring, an’ I had ain’t no one t’talk to!”

“So you’re drunk in the end.”

“F’course! I had three? Four? Glasses o’ beer!” he giggled. Phichit admitted, seeing him like this was pretty impressing, but he swept that thought away, because the situation was really bad.

After managing to bring the hysterically laughing Seung-Gil to the couch, he prayed that once the drunk man had found the comfort of the cushions, he would fall asleep.

He didn’t.

“Phichit! Where are ya goin’! Stay here, please,” he whined, grabbing the hem of Phichit’s shirt so hard that it might possibly tear.

Phichit obliged. Truthfully, he was worried that Seung-Gil would end up strangling himself with a blanket at some point or something. Also, searching on WikiHow a ‘how to keep up with your drunk friend’ can be done later. Or so he thought.

“Hmm,” Seung-Gil groaned . His eyes were as big as marbles and they were staring right into Phichit’s eyes, as if he were trying to search clues from a suspected criminal. “You know what,” he paused, then brought his finger to Phichit’s cheek, not stroking but instead pressing. “You’re cute.”

“Thanks, what about you?” a little teasing wouldn’t hurt, would it?

“Dunno,” he chimed. “M’fine.”

“Nice.”

“But you’re such a cutie,” there was a sudden gesture of him suddenly sitting up and tilting his head like a curious little child upon his new finding. Phichit wondered how he had moved so swiftly. “A cutie. Sr’sly. Let’s go out.”

“Uhh,” he didn’t see that coming. “I’ll think about it.”

Seung-Gil pouted; lips curled into a twist and eyebrows knitted together, face and nose as red as they were. “You’re my type, ya know? Your skin is so goddamn soft, what kind of beauty product do you use, huh? We people here in Korea are said to have soft skin and stuff but that ain’t always the truth! My friends’ skins are rough, like sandpaper, or, hairy!”

“Can I leave for the bathroom?”

“Nah.”

“I need to go real bad.”

“Nah.”

Right, so it was still a little too early to surrender, so he stayed still and hoped that he’d be freed from whatever he was facing.


(A drunk man)


“So…you think my skin is soft,” Phichit said.

“Yes. What’s the secret, baby?”

“Ah, well, lotion. I wear lotion daily.” He scratched the back of his neck; a habit of his when he’s clueless on what to respond. This doesn’t happen often, surely. He always knows how to reply. But the certain question asked by Seung-Gil left him dumbstruck. He didn’t even know why his skin was soft. He didn’t even notice.

“Ahh. So that’s how. You also have the sweetest face in the world. Who sculpted you, angel?”

“Seung-Gil, can you rest for a bit? I’ve had an important message to reply.”

“Who is it? Could it be—do you have—“ his already wide bloodshot eyes became even bigger in shock.

“It’s my mother.”

“Hngh. Okay.”


How to Take Care of a Drunk Person:


1. Recognize someone who has had one too many
 2. Determine how much care the person needs
 3. Step in to discourage further drinking
 4. Avoid anything that could provoke or anger the intoxicated person
 5. Do your best to help the intoxicated person to avoid physical injury
 6. Do not leave someone who is very drunk to sleep alone.
 7. Check—

Yup, it didn’t help even one bit.

“Phichit,” Seung-Gil said, and stood up. Or at least managed too, because he stumbled immediately. “Never mind. Head hurts.”

“What were you trying to do?”

“Wasn’t tryna do anythin’.”

“O—“

“M’so glad