--anticipating, desperate. He growls again, twisting angrily as Yuuri’s mouth presses against his thighs instead of his cock. 

Yuuri laughs against his skin, breathing and licking and sucking lightly, and now Viktor quivers harder, withholding his gasps. He’s now withholding cries of pain, as Yuuri sucks hard, bites hard, grabs hard. And he moves now, across Viktor’s thighs, biting and sucking, marking and bruising, and Viktor’s trembling is becoming more frenzied now, his breaths coming harder, shuddering, nearly sobbing, but he refuses to cry out. Yuuri can feel him on edge, teetering, and he chooses a spot closest to his cock, to his balls--the sensitive flesh, so very sensitive, and he bites HARD, hard until he tastes blood.

He gets the reaction he wanted. Viktor arcs his back, screaming, and Yuuri thinks he can hear him sobbing, and as much as he’d like to pull back and enjoy the sight of his tears, he isn’t done with him yet. After all, he’s got another thigh.

Yuuri does the same on the other side, sinking his teeth into the sensitive skin, and Viktor screams again, writhing, sobbing harder, “Oh please, Yuuri, please, God, YUURI!” 

Yuuri surfaces, licking his lips, and he grins now, because Viktor’s face is twisted in pain, tearing streaking down his face, his breath coming in sobs that wrack his entire body.

He reaches out to grab Viktor’s chin, jerking his head up to search his eyes. Glazed, nearly vacant. But intact. There’s still a mind lurking behind those eyes.

But not for long.

Yuuri kisses his neck, kisses the bitten skin, the bruises made by his fingers, kissing, and Viktor makes a small noise. Yuuri kisses harder, harder, and now he’s sucking, sucking so very slowly, leaving marks as he goes. Viktor’s neck, his shoulder, down his chest. Marking, claiming.

“You belong to me.”

Viktor makes another noise that may have been a groan of protest.

“Oh? You don’t agree?”

Viktor says nothing, his head turned away.

Yuuri smirks. There are other ways to mark his territory. His fingers press against Viktor’s lips now, teasing, passing over bruises and dried blood. He slips a finger into his mouth. Viktor makes a muffled sound, and Yuuri slips a second finger in. He tugs playfully at his bottom teeth, hooking his jaw, and before Viktor can make another sound, Yuuri pushes his fingers towards the back of his throat.

Viktor gags, his teeth coming down on Yuuri’s fingers, and Yuuri raises his other hand to slap him across the face. Viktor’s eyes widen in shock, his cheek reddening, stinging.

“Don’t do that again. And don’t gag, either.”

He presses his fingers back again, slowly, and when Viktor gags again, he slaps him harder. Tears of pain are in his eyes now, and he’s breathing harder.

“What did I just say?”

Viktor can barely let out a muffled whimper before Yuuri shoves his fingers down further, and Viktor gags hard, his throat seizing. Yuuri slaps him so hard that he screams around Yuuri’s fingers, and the tears are flowing now.

Yuuri hooks his jaw again, yanking his head closer. He stares into eyes that are full of fear, a primal fear--prey about to be torn apart.

“If you gag,” Yuuri says slowly, ”on my cock, I will snap your fucking neck.”

Viktor’s eyes widen further, and he whimpers again. Yuuri wriggles out of his jeans, tossing them aside, and he grabs Viktor by the hair now, yanking him up further, positioning him so that his lips are leveled perfectly with Yuuri’s cock as he straddles his chest. He rubs the head along Viktor’s lips, feeling them tremble, then pushes it into his mouth. He lets out a shuddering breath. So hot, so wet, and he pushes in further and further, and is pleased to see that Viktor hasn’t gagged, although he can see his throat working hard to stop himself from doing so. Yuuri slides out, then in, slowly, relishing the feel of Viktor’s sweet lips wrapped tightly around his cock.

He looks down at him, quirking an eyebrow. “Well? Get to work.”

Viktor obeys at once, taking Yuuri into his mouth, sucking, licking, in and out, in and out, and he draws back to swirl his tongue around the head and up and down the shaft, and brings him into his mouth again. In and out.

Yuuri grits his teeth, biting back his moans. “God,” he growls, “you feel so good, so fucking good.” He runs his fingers through Viktor’s hair, tugging. “Faster. No, faster. Fucking faster.” Yuuri snarls in frustration.

He grabs his head