That irritated Seung Gil.  For one thing, it irritated him that everyone was stealing his move and coming after him.  For another, it really irritated him that they were doing it because JJ had.  He’d been doing the quad loop for over a year.  He tried to reassure himself with the knowledge that while he wasn’t popular, the only skater he knew of who actively hated him was Michele Crispino, whereas it seemed like almost everyone found JJ actively annoying instead of just there.  Learning a jump to knock JJ down a peg, he could respect that.

 

6.	Sloth

You don’t get to the Olympics if you struggle with sloth.  You just don’t.  Rest was important, and Seung Gil made sure to take his days off and get a good night’s sleep whenever possible, but that wasn’t sloth, that was sense.  Sloth would be skipping practice or training.  Sloth would be not attending to his college classes.

Phichit argued that maybe the way Seung Gil didn’t care about most things was a form of sloth.  He didn’t care about fashion to the point where he let his mom buy all his clothes without consulting him about anything except fit.  He didn’t care about romance or sex despite his drunken adventures.  He didn’t care about friendship, despite his sometimes – okay, frequent – bouts of loneliness.  That’s what he had the dog for, he argued, but Phichit wasn’t having that.

 

7.	Wrath

Anger was for other people.  As a young child, Seung Gil had thrown tantrums, screamed, hit people or things until he was taught not to, all the normal things young children did when they experienced anger.  He hadn’t raised his voice in over ten years.  He hadn’t hit anyone or anything for over fifteen.  When something upset him, he just got colder.  Even more withdrawn from displaying emotion.

It’s not that he didn’t get frustrated when he flubbed his quad Lutz for the fifth time in a row.  He did.  He just had more productive uses for the emotion than pointless noise.

Seung Gil's relationship with his mother and clothing.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Seung Gil had never really paid much – any – attention to fashion.  Clothes were for warmth and so that you could go out in public without causing a commotion.  He was perfectly content to wear his training gear all day, every day.  It was comfortable, there were different weights and ways to layer to accommodate for the weather, everything was covered, what was wrong with it?

He owned a suit, of course, and was very glad to be done growing so that he could just keep this one suit for years to come.  He wore it as little as he could get away with, but there were always banquets and formal dinners with sponsors and the occasional wedding or funeral to go to.  The hardest part was choosing a tie to wear.  He didn’t see the point of the stupid things, and apparently there were rules about what colors were appropriate for various things.  Same with shirts – he saw the point of them, but why did he need four different colors?

His mom insisted that he needed other clothes.  Every time she came to visit, there would be at least one giant bag full of jeans, sweaters, whatever was in fashion at the time, and whatever random crap she could find.  Seung Gil wasn’t sure he understood the difference between those last two.  He dearly hoped the incredibly short shorts were random crap and not fashion, but he had no idea.

His mom usually stayed to go through everything and help him put things away, which led to going through the things he already had and deciding on some to get rid of.  Sometimes that meant clothes that had never been worn, sometimes that meant clothes that had gotten too worn – usually his training gear, although occasionally something his mom brought caught Seung Gil’s fancy.  And then sometimes there were things that had obviously been worn but were still in good shape, which she had him sign and then sold online.  It creeped Seung Gil out a little, but rink fees didn’t pay themselves.

Seung Gil stopped unpacking in confusion as he pulled out yet another shirt that looked too short.  His mom knew his measurements and sizes from designing his skating costumes, so it wasn’t like her to bring things that were too small.  He pulled off the long-sleeved T-shirt he was currently wearing and put on the shirt he was holding.  It reached an inch or two below his nipples.  “Mom?  Is this supposed to fit like this?”

She looked up from the shirts she was refolding.  “Yes.  They’re very popular these days.  Is it comfortable?”

“Surprisingly, yes.”  It was certainly good for the heat wave.  He could see why they would be popular for summer.

My grandmother would do this.  Every time we went to Grandma's house, there was a big bag of clothes (or two) waiting for me