his love of the beach had always been a love of the ocean, instead.

After his last lesson, Yakov told him that he would come back when Otabek was sixteen.

Originally written for Halloween Week 2017 Day 7 - Folklore/Free Day

Otabek’s eyes got huge as he watched Yakov Feltsman approach.  He hadn’t seen the man in years, and had hoped not to be remembered.  It was clear Yakov was there to see him, though, as he marched over to Otabek’s station along with a replacement lifeguard.  “Hello, Otabek.”

“Hello, Mr. Feltsman.”  Otabek climbed down from the chair, letting Emil take over.

“Good, you remember me.”  Yakov turned and started walking off, clearing expecting Otabek to follow.

Otabek, of course, did.  He hated himself for it - he could try running - but he was just curious enough about what Yakov wanted to go along.  “Of course I remember you, sir.  You taught me to swim when it looked like I was going to be a hopeless case.”

“Yes, that’s right.  Your prior instructor said that you were so dense that there was no doing anything with you, and I thought she was wrong.  You proved yourself.”

“With a little help.  I don’t know if you meant it as humiliation or motivation, but bringing in that younger boy worked to make me work harder than I’d thought possible.”  He could still see the boy’s judgmental face staring out from the angelic golden hair. “What brings you here now?”

“When you were six, I promised I would come back when you were sixteen and offer you an opportunity.  You’re sixteen now.”

He’d been sixteen for over half a year.  He’d thought – hoped, even – that Yakov had forgotten that promise.  That had been naïve – it almost certainly had more to do with the fact that Otabek had moved away with his parents when his dad got a job two thousand miles away, and had only just come back for the summer.  “I remember.  What’s the opportunity?”

“Do you believe in merfolk, Otabek?”

The question threw Otabek, and it took him a couple tries to begin to respond.  “Um… I’ve heard the stories, my grandfather swears he had a mermaid girlfriend when he was young, but I’ve never known what to believe.  If merfolk exist, they don’t want us to know about them.”

“You’re right about that.  You surfacers don’t exactly have the best record when it comes to dealing with people who don’t look or act like you do.  We prefer to keep to ourselves, avoid conflict with the surface folk, and live our lives in peace.”

“We?  Are you merfolk, then?”  Yakov certainly didn't look like Otabek had ever imagined the merfolk to look, but why should he?

“I am.  And that boy you admired so much is my youngest son, Yuri.”

“Well.  That explains why he was such a good swimmer.”  Otabek felt a little betrayed by that revelation.  If he’d known he was competing against someone whose native environment was the sea, he wouldn’t have been so upset at the younger boy’s greater competence.  “Why are you telling me this?”

“My son hasn’t stopped nagging me about finding you since this time last year.  The opportunity I’m offering you means that you’d need to know about us.”  Yakov cleared his throat.  “Besides, it’s only fair.”

“Why?”

“Your father can’t swim at all, can he?”

“No.  None of my brothers or sisters can, either.  I’ve tried to teach Dariya, but I’m not you.”  He'd wanted to share his love of the ocean with Dariya, but all he'd ended up doing was getting her so scared of the water it was months before she could take a bath without ten minutes of mental preparation first and someone there with her just in case.

“No.  It would have to be me, or one of my children.  Have you ever wondered why I would choose to teach you, and only you and one other?”

Otabek shrugged.  “I was the hopeless case.  Anya could teach the rest of them.”

“True, but not the whole story.  She’s asked a few times before, but I always refuse.  You were different.”

“Why?”

“Because of who you are.  More importantly, because of who your grandmother is.”

“Huh?”  What did his grandmother have to do with anything?  She never went near the ocean.

“You said your grandfather once had a mermaid girlfriend.  The story is true, but incomplete.  The mermaid chose to abandon the sea for her love, to live among surfacers as one of them.  She made that choice for herself and her children.  Her children would never be able to swim at all, especially not in the sea.  Her grandchildren, however,