. “Do you want to stop?”

After a second, he shakes his head slowly. “No.”

“Good, that’s good.” Victor kisses his skin, his hard-on nudging against the back of one thigh. “Oh, did we leave the lube here the other night?”

Yuuri wants to roll his eyes at his flippant tone but he points at the bedside table with an only slightly shaky hand.

“Great!” Victor’s weight shifts across the bed, there’s the roll of the drawer, and then he returns. Yuuri gathers the pillow against his face, trying his best to loosen his tensed muscles.

After a second, Victor rests his hand on the small of his back. He pushes it up his spine, broad and slow and comforting and not quite enough. Yuuri shoves himself up, twisting and grabbing for Victor, who throws his arms around him, pulling him back against his body.

He lays a gentle kiss on the back of Yuuri’s shoulder, then rests his cheek there, silent for a while. “I promise you, it’s lots of fun. And if it’s not, we stop.”

Yuuri clings to his arm and the handful of pants he’d grabbed.


 How do I tell you that’s not what this means? I never asked you to stop. 


He’s frustrated and exhausted and aching to be touched and he wishes Victor would just  get  it, but he is, as always, off on his own planet.

Yuuri stays in that awkward twist for a breath longer, then slowly uncurls, fingertips dragging over Victor’s hips until he can grope his hard-on. He lets himself be pulled back flush against him, sliding his other hand up, around, to the back of his neck.

Victor kisses his neck, exhaling heavily against his skin, then makes his way down his shoulder with quick touches of lips. Yuuri lets his head loll back against the opposite shoulder, pushing his fingers up into Victor’s hair. One of Victor’s arms curls tight across his stomach, but the other, the other hand steals down to wrap around his dick and he hadn’t realised Victor’d opened the lube already and it’s warm from his hand and Yuuri chokes on a cry, hips snapping forward and something pulling so deliciously tight inside him. Victor kisses him over and over, timing his strokes to Yuuri’s own leisurely rubbing.

Slowly, slowly, he drops forward, only sliding his hand from Victor’s neck in time to catch himself. Victor curves over him, kissing between his shoulderblades and then just leaning heavily on him as he tugs on Yuuri’s cock. And then the arm at his waist is gone and Victor’s fumbling around with something near their legs, something that leaves a cool smear on his thigh when it falls over. Yuuri grabs Victor’s jeans again but makes himself tilt his hips back in what he hopes is a clear go-ahead.

Victor’s nose and forehead are squashed against his back, his mouth open on a quiet pant. He slides his fingers along Yuuri’s cleft, gradually dragging his fingers up and in and Yuuri tilts his hips with the movement and being embarrassed about  that  gives him something to focus on until Victor’s finger is pressing into him. Despite his intentions, Yuuri grabs the pillow against his face again.

They’ve done this much before, Victor with him backed against the bedroom wall and his leg hauled over his shoulder where he kneels with Yuuri’s dick in his mouth, or Yuuri himself feeling the bright heat inside of Victor’s body and watching in awe as he pulled such beautiful noises from his lover’s throat. He  knows  it’ll feel good, but it’s still embarrassing, and he can’t help thinking that a single finger will do little to prepare him and the thought sets him shivering and muffling a tight noise in the pillow.

Victor croons something reassuring into his skin, slipping back into his mother tongue with a ragged dreaminess that sets Yuuri aflame. He draws his finger almost out, pushing back in with a sigh of breath and his hand leaving Yuuri’s dick to smear up his stomach.

He rubs his cheek against Yuuri’s skin, then whispers, “I don’t want you coming before I’ve been inside you.”

Yuuri shudders, exhaling softly into the hot air below his body. Somehow, somehow, he finds himself squirming his hips, trying to find how to move to take Victor deeper. But Victor’s retreating, retreating, and Yuuri waits in nervous suspension until he feels two fingers take its place.

Victor spreads him open slowly, kisses and murmured encouragement pressed into his skin and his free hand stroking heavily up Yuuri’s stomach and chest, up to squeeze a nipple and then back down. He can’t stay still, trying to angle his hips just  so  , but Victor always manages to keep just shy of that exquisite point. He knows he’s toying with him, and part of him resents