not how it works.  I’m not enough to make anyone want me.”

“Yuuri, you are an idiot.”

“See?”

“Oh my god."  Phichit threw up his hands as Yuuri left the room.  "That does it.  Time for drastic measures."

 

“Oh Viktor!  Job for you!”

Viktor turned away from cleaning the soda machine at Chris’s call.  “I’m scared.  What is it?”

Chris held out a pizza box.  “Special delivery.”

Viktor wiped his hands on his apron.  “I’m not a delivery guy, Chris.”

“You are this time.  They specifically asked for the cutest we had.  Your ego would never survive if we sent anyone else!”  Chris winked.

Yuri looked up from the toppings he was refilling.  “Do you have to encourage him, Chris?  He’s vain enough already.  Mila should be back any minute, she’s cuter.”

Viktor grabbed the pizza box from Chris.  “I’m taking it.  Give me… hey, isn’t this Phichit’s address?”

“Yep.  Which is why, obviously, I cannot just take it myself.  He’d kill me and then call up to complain about the poor customer service.”  Chris smirked.  “Have fun!”

As soon as the door closed behind Viktor, Yuri came out from behind the counter.  “That’s your evil plotting smirk.  What are you doing?”

“The pizza’s not for Phichit.  It’s for his roommate, my ex.  Who I happen to know is in love with Viktor, because that’s one reason we broke up."  Chris patted Yuri's shoulder.  "Thanks for the backup.”

“Yeah.  Backup.  Totally.  Whatever.”  Yuri rolled his eyes and got back to work.

 

Viktor had always been curious about Phichit.  For Chris’s exes to hang around and stay friends with him was unusual.  Of course, the pizza was for someone else.  Yuuri.  For a moment he wondered if Chris was pulling an elaborate prank on him, because Yuri was back at the store and would never accept Viktor as the cutest delivery guy.  Then he wondered what kind of person ordered pizza and demanded the cutest delivery guy.  Maybe Phichit and Chris were teaming up to mess with him.

When he got there, he looked at his phone.  There was a text from Chris, telling him to have fun and that Chris would clock him out too when he left for the night, he didn’t need to come back.  “Provide the very best customer service you know how.”

He rang the bell.  When the door opened, Viktor’s mouth dropped open.  He knew this guy.  He’d been trying for months to find this guy.  He’d looked all over the school, but there was nothing.  Until now.  “Hi.  Yuuri?”

After a couple tries, Cutie managed to squeak out, “What are you doing here?”

Viktor held up the box in his hands.  “I’ve got a large pepperoni and onion pizza for Yuuri, delivered by Tony’s Pizza’s cutest delivery guy, as requested!”  He winked.  “So, are you Yuuri?  Please be Yuuri.”

“I’m going to kill Phichit.”  Cutie reached for his wallet.  “How much is the pizza?”

Viktor pulled the pizza away.  “Well, first, I need to know if you’re Yuuri.  I’m not going to besmirch Tony’s Pizza's good name by delivering pizza to the wrong person!”

Cutie turned bright red and it was adorable for the two seconds Viktor could see him before he buried his face in his hands.  “I’m Yuuri.”  Viktor could barely understand him.

“And are you satisfied that the requests have been met?”

“What difference does that make?”

Viktor shrugged.  “Well, if you think I’m cute enough to fulfill the request for your delivery boy, then the pizza’s on the house.”

Yuuri looked up, and he was somehow even redder than before.  “Why would… is Phichit trying to kill me?”  He took a couple deep breaths.  “That’s what this is.  This is a prank.  Were you in on it?  Did you know that Phichit was trying to make me die of embarrassment?”

“No… so this isn’t you reaching out to me?  After all, I did make you a promise back at New Year’s!”

“Huh?  New Year’s?”  Yuuri's confusion was genuine, causing Viktor to share it.

“Iota Chi Lambda’s frat party?"  Blank look from Yuuri.  "Don’t you remember it?”

“I remember going, but not much after… Phichit offered to tell me what happened, but I didn’t think I wanted to know.”

“Oh.  Wow."  Viktor laughed.  "Pizza’s on me just for clearing that up!  I was wondering why you never called or came to find me, after I said yes when you asked me to be your boyfriend