watched as his friend stumbled up to him, noticeably sweaty and even more noticeably drunk.

"Why won't you come dance with me?" Phichit took Yuuri's free hand and gave him his signature pout and puppy dog eyes. 

Yuuri chuckled at his friend's attempt, "I am not nearly drunk enough for a dance yet, just go have fun. You seem to get along fine with that crowd."

"But I came here with you!" Phichit whined, drawing out the "u", "Just, hurry up with that drink so you stop being a grump and come hang with me."

"I promise I'll dance soon, okay?"

Phichit flashed his 100 watt smile, "Okay!" And he pranced back into the middle of the dance floor.

Yuuri chuckled at his friend's playfulness, watching him stumble away. 

Yuuri went back to scanning the room, thankful that the music was drowning out the quickly thumping heartbeats.

Then Yuuri's eyes met a pair of a familiar piercing blue eyes. Music stopped, the dancers froze in place, and all he could see were those eyes.

LOOK ALEXIS, MOM, AND MAJA, HE ISNT DEAD! Anyways I hope you guys liked it I'm sorry it isn't much I had to prove my discord family wrong


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Of course a part of Yuuri knew that life still went on, even if he was lacking it. The music still thrummed, the dancers still swayed, and heartbeats still echoed, but he couldn't acknowledge anything but the blue gaze piercing through him like shards of ice. The gaze kept him glued to his spot as this mysterious man stepped closer and closer to him, taking agonizingly slow steps. Finally the man stopped a few feet from Yuuri, looking over him, seemingly eyeing him up. When their eyes locked again the man held out his hand to Yuuri, asking for a dance. Intrigued, Yuuri put his glass on the bar top and took the man's hand, letting himself be guided to the dance floor. As the night drew late, a slow song filled the room with its still rich beats, pulling the patrons into more languid moves. The man put his hands on Yuuri's waist, and instinctively Yuuri put his arms around the mans shoulders.

"Didn't your mother ever tell you not to talk to strangers?" Yuuri said, being coy.

Yuuri barely noticed the falter in the mans step at the word strangers, "I don't recall my mother ever saying anything about dancing."

Yuuri chuckled and rolled his eyes a little at the banter, still not being able to look away from the ice blue gaze, "Though this isn't the first time I'm seeing you, is it?"

The other man cocked a brow, "You really don't remember, do you Yuuri?"

Yuuri stopped them in their tracks, still connected but frozen in the spot, "How do you know my name?"

Any playfulness before had dropped from the air shared between them. 

The strange man leaned in so close, Yuuri could feel his hot breathe ghosting the shell of his ear, "I know what you are, Yuuri." 

All the muscles in Yuuri's body stiffened as the man pulled away to look Yuuri in the eye with that gaze again.

"I... I have to go." Before the other man could reply, Yuuri pried himself from his grasp and pushed his way through the dance floor, only too feel himself being pulled back by the arm.

"Yuuri? Where are you going? I still haven't gotten my dance that you promised!" Phichit was holding on to Yuuri for balance, somehow more drunk then when Yuuri last saw him.

"Phichit, I'm so sorry, I thought I could do this but I can't. I have to go." And before his friend could protest he rushed out the doors, only to slam into the chest of the same man he was running from.

"Please, please don't run away, just come with me." Before Yuuri could protest the man laced their fingers together and was dragging him off away from where prying eyes could see. 

"Where the hell are you taking me?" Yuuri demanded.

"Hopefully some place you'll remember."

That place appeared to be an alleyway, which Yuuri definitely didn't remember. The other man released his hold on Yuuri's hand and cornered him in the alley. 

"We're away from the crowds and the people so please, just be honest with me. You really don't remember me?"

Yuuri was so frustrated he could feel tears forming in the corners of his eyes, "No, I really don't. I didn't know who you were back at the café and I don't know now! I don't know how you know me, and what you think I am, I don't know anything."

"Yuuri-" The man tried to grab his shoulders to calm him down but Yuuri shoved him away,

"