already compiled his own - albeit very simplified, and solo - version of his parents’ Big Spender routine, and performed it in the living room most days, to imaginary audiences.

Sometimes, he had guests come and watch, usually inviting themselves to sit down in the midst of his dance, but he didn’t mind. He especially didn’t mind if they were his favourite guests, Queen Maman and King Papa.

“Mon chou, that was marvellous!” cooed Nathalie from the archway at the edge of the room. She called enthusiastically at her son as he held his final pose, coinciding with the pre-recorded applause of the television audience.

JJ couldn’t help but give a smile just big enough for his face to manage, his cheeks pushed up so high that the ached just a bit. To hear from his Maman, the true Queen of the Ice meant everything to him. As far as he was concerned, the was the most marvellous person in the world, and to have that word used on him was surreal. She had been to the Olympics and skated for more people than he could count - he imagined at least a gazillion - and she was growing two babies inside of her at the same time; not just one like other people’s mamans. She was the greatest lady in the whole entire world, and she thought he was marvellous. 

“Merci, Maman!” JJ exclaimed as he bounded towards her, his little feet carrying him as quickly as he could muster. He met with her as she crouched down and wrapped her arms tightly around her waist, his chest tightly nuzzling into her neck. Nathalie gently warned him to be careful; that he needed to be careful not to hurt the babies inside of her. JJ nodded his head in understanding, softly stroking her swollen stomach and murmuring apologies to his little brother and sister.

“It’s alright, ma vie,” she assured him. “Do you feel that? They can’t wait to meet you.”

JJ’s eyes widened as he felt a sharp kick against the palm of his hand. He couldn’t tell if it was his brother or sister who’d come to greet him, but he already felt like they would be best friends. He also thought it felt strange and squishy, but he wasn’t going to tell his dear mother that.

“When are they coming?” he asked innocently. After all, if they were capable of noticing him and kicking his hands, what was the holdup? Maman’s stomach was so big and round that it looked ready to burst.

“In December, when the snow comes.” She let his tiny palms continue to roam her stomach as he hoped to feel another kick. “Are you excited to be a big brother, JJ?”

He gave the biggest nod he thought possible, his face still mostly comprised of a wide grin. Two new dance partners, and new friends to watch him skate? He couldn’t think of anything better.

“I can wait for us all skate together!” He’d stepped from his mother at this point, and had started bouncing on his toes in anticipation. Little did he know that he’d have to wait a number of years, and his new siblings would not come out of the womb donning infant-sized skates. He was excited to get to know them already, and if they had to watch him while he skated for a while before they could join him, so be it. Babies had to learn to walk first, he supposed, and he could wait for that if it was really that important.

“We’ll all skate together as a family,” emphasised Nathalie, a soft smile blooming across her face.

“And one day I’ll be as good as you and Papa, and I’ll be the King of Hershey Stadium!”

Nathalie couldn’t help but laugh. “Jean-Jacques, mon chou, if you practice enough, you can be the King of all the ice in the world.”

JJ paused for a moment, looking towards the floor and scrunching up his nose. He eventually returned his mother’s gaze, the light in his eyes suggesting that he had a big question.

“Even the North Pole?” he asked, impressed.

“Even the North Pole,” Nathalie answered after letting out a giggle.

“Do you think Santa Claus will-”

“He’ll share the ice with you,” his Maman assured him. “After all, a little birdie told me that you’re on his nice list this year.”

JJ chuckled softly to himself before raising another question. “Will Papa share?”

“Hmm, I think you’ll need to ask him about that one,” Nathalie advised. “Your Papa likes being the King of Hershey Stadium.”

He liked the feeling of his Maman tousling his hair, and found it futile to resist the opportunity to give her another hug. This time, he took extra care to make sure that he didn’t elbow her stomach, not wanting to hurt either of the babies inside. He wanted to be