dancing to. When did he start dancing? What was he even dancing to? The music and the steps are so uninspired it doesn’t even matter. He dances the way they want him to and he feels empty inside despite the screaming, as if a fire has burned him from the inside and left nothing behind but the glowing embers of misery.

Phantom hands strike out from the darkness surrounding him, pulling at his hair and his weary limbs, pulling him down to the ground and holding him there. “Be grateful!” A harsh cacophony of voices shrieks out from the void. “Be grateful that we let you, a disgrace, dance in our company. We took a chance on you, vermin! We took a chance and you’re throwing it in our faces!”

Yuuri feels the tears burn down his face and he opens his mouth to call for help, give voice to the cacophony in his head but no sound comes. Sobs echo soundlessly in his throat and the blur of his vision smudges everything into one giant shadow. In the corner of his eye he spots a pinprick of something bright and he can’t help but reach for it. The light solidifies into a hand and Yuuri grabs on with all his might, trusting that anything is better than the hell he’s fallen into.

The darkness falls away and Yuuri finds himself… himself?… no, themselves… they find themselves wrapped in Viktor’s arms like they’re something precious. The tears on their cheeks have vanished, but new ones rise up to spill over as they bury themselves in Viktor’s hold.

“There, there, Yura,” Viktor coos, running his fingers across Yuuri’s shoulders and through their short hair. “Oh, my precious, darling Yurachka. Do not listen to those terrible things they’ve told you.”

Yuuri hiccups a sob into Viktor’s chest, shaking their head. “You don’t understand,” they say. “You don’t know what it… what they…”

Viktor pulls back gently, cupping Yuuri’s face in his impossibly soft hands as he tilts his face into a lopsided smile. “Lyubov moya,” he says with a soft lilt to his voice, “I am in your head. I know everything you know. Every thought, every memory, every feeling. I understand it all and I am telling you that it is not true, my darling.”

Yuuri sniffs, confused. “What?”

Viktor laughs, spinning Yuuri around in a circle as if Yuuri is weightless and Viktor wants to keep them that way. “You are dreaming, solnyshko. It was all just a bad dream. You are not in Nashville any longer, blessed precious. You are with me, and with Yuri!” He looks around. “Why is Yuri not here to comfort you?”

Viktor sets Yuuri down gently, looking around the bright emptiness. “Yuri!! Come out here!!!”

“I don’t want to deal with your sappy bullshit!!” Yuri’s voice sounds around them, startling Yuuri into Viktor’s arms.

“Aaah,” Viktor sighs, arms wrapping around Yuuri’s waist. “Perhaps that is why.” He tilts his head as he smiles at Yuuri, a soft little thing that Yuuri wants to carve into marble and keep forever.

“He means well,” Yuuri says automatically, a knee jerk response that they weren’t aware they had.

“Of course,” Viktor giggles. “He is our little kotyonok, after all.”

Yuuri giggles as well, feeling as though they’ve just been made privy to a devious secret, and they lay their brow against Viktor’s collarbone.

“You do not need to worry yourself, my sweet,” Viktor says after a moment and Yuuri realizes that they’ve been pulled into a slow waltz with Viktor leading. They look down to see that somehow Viktor has changed into a lovely magenta and fuchsia prince costume and they themselves are dressed in a matching royal blue and turquoise ball gown. Their hair is back to its regular length as well, hanging around their shoulders in soft, curling waves. They look back up to see that Viktor’s gold tiara twinkles from its perch on his head and they feel the gentle weight of their own tiara, woven into the waves of their hair.  

“That past is so far behind you it is ancient history,” Viktor whispers. He pulls Yuuri into a spin, the both of them swaying and stepping along to the leisurely bounce of the music that strums through Yuuri’s head. Their dance is a push and pull, both of them switching between lead and follow.

“Have I ever told you that you look positively divine in blue, zvezda moya?” Viktor whispers as he spreads his hand across the small of Yuuri’s back, pulling them in close.

Yuuri laughs, shaking their head as they lean into Viktor’s chest. “I don’t believe you have, Vitya.”

Viktor laughs gently, drawing Yuuri closer and resting his cheek against Yuuri’s brow. The music that echoes through Yuuri’s mind is slow and sweeping gently