Yuuri’s forehead gleamed with the sweat that had formed there, hair lightly sticking to his skin. His eyes were closed, eyebrows scrunched up, cheeks flushed a pretty pink on his light skin. 

Phichit couldn’t help but think how adorable Yuuri was in their dorm room, the dim light of the lamp the only illumination in the room. Yuuri’s pants had been pulled  down just under his hips to expose his erection, liquid beading at the top. Phichit’s hands tentatively gave it a touch with his finger tips before continuing any further.

They had had some drinks after practice, winding down together as they talked about the day. Somehow the conversation had led to sexual experience. And seeing as how neither of them had ever done anything with a guy, but they both wanted to, Phichit had suggested that they try. 

Yuuri had instantly gone red, hands coming up to gesture no, but as Phichit pressed on, telling him that it would be fine since they were friends, that nothing would change their relationship, Yuuri bowed his head and took his bottom lip into his mouth, biting and sucking on it before nodding and giving his non-verbal confirmation. His face was stained pink, eyes refusing to make contact with Phichit’s own, so when Phichit leaned in to initiate a kiss, it was easier for Yuuri to close his eyes and simply feel. 

“Do you like it when I touch you like that?” Phichit wrapped his hand around Yuuri’s cock, rubbing it in an upward motion with a slight twist of his wrist. His other hand came down to rest on top of one of Yuuri’s thighs, leveraging himself in between his legs. 

Yuuri let out a soft moan, clearly trying to hold himself back, keeping his eyes closed as his hands balled into fists at his sides. Phichit gave it another jerk, this time completing the upward and downward motion. He was watching Yuuri’s face closely, noticing every time his eyebrows shot up, or the way his lips would part with every panting breath. 

After a few strokes, Phichit asked again, “Yuuri…are you enjoying this?” 

This time, he was rewarded with a choked out, “Mmn…Oh. Fu– Yes.” Phichit couldn’t help but smile at Yuuri’s inability to say the word “fuck.” He was so cute. So, so cute. All he wanted was to make him cum, watching his face all the while to not miss the most subtle of expressions. 

“Would you like me to keep going?” Phichit continued his even strokes, making sure to continue the twisting motion of his wrist when going up. He used his index and middle finger to make contact with the head upon every stroke, using the precum dripping down Yuuri’s length to lubricate him where he seemed most sensitive. 

Yuuri responded with an emphatic nod, pressing his lips together tightly as he let out a loud “Mm!” when Phichit began to focus more on the head. 

Yuuri’s mouth was hanging open now, head leaning back against the wall as his hips jerked up with every motion. “Ahh. Phi–chit! I can’t–I’m going to–”

“Mm, yes. Cum for me.” Phichit watched as Yuuri opened his eyes for a moment before the orgasm took him over, gazing into Phichit’s own while his body spasmed and his dick shot out all over Phichit’s hand. 

Phichit was mesmerized by the moment, the way Yuuri’s eyes glinted like stars, the wetness of tears threatening to spill over his cheeks. He was bashful, embarrassed, yet seemed so grateful for the experience, like he didn’t think he was worth it. Like he didn’t see himself as beautiful as Phichit did. 

Ignoring his own hardness as he let go of Yuuri’s deflating dick, Phichit moved up to kiss Yuuri’s forehead again. Then his temple. His cheek. His nose. And moved down until he reached Yuuri’s lips. 

Yuuri opened his eyes again, looking at him with a small smile. Phichit reacted with his own smile, big and elated. They were almost like lovers, if only Yuuri would let him in. But maybe they could talk about it some other day. Maybe they could experiment with dating someday too. 

Phichit got off the bed and cleaned his hand off with a towel, making sure to go back to clean Yuuri off too. He acted as he normally did, smiling and being the friend he always was. He had said that nothing would change between them, and he wouldn’t let it, but for some reason, the pang in his chest told him that things weren’t exactly how they once were. Yuuri had ignited something in him, and now, he wanted more. 