you, which is kind of… Odd. I’m sorry.”

 

Yuuri blinked, staring at the other in shock. “Really?”

 

“Really,” Viktor replied, reassuring the other male.

 

Yuuri moved in a little closer, pressing a hand against his hand. He inched closer and closer until he was practically in his lap, staring up towards him. He seemed innocent, yes, but on the inside, he was willing to do anything they could for a first time with one another. This was unethical. He knew he shouldn’t be sleeping with a fan of his, but there was something about Viktor that drew him in. None of the plans that they had made worked, and now here they were throwing themselves at each other. Yuuri didn’t know how much more of this he could take, and he sure as hell wanted to go further than what he had initially planned.

 

“I know that you don’t know me, so it’s kind of one-sided how informative we are about each other… But…” Viktor pulled Yuuri into his lap, making the younger male face him. “There is a reason why your friend left us alone tonight. He wants you to get laid. I could see it in his face the moment I walked past him… And then I spoke to him right before I came here.”

 

“How-”

 

“Ways,” Viktor replied, even if the other hadn’t finished sentence. He didn’t care. What he wanted to hear from Yuuri were sweet moans from his lips as he kissed him and caressed his body gently. He has wanted to do this for a very long time now, and he sure as hell was going to get what he wanted.

 

“Viktor…” Yuuri cupped his cheeks, pressing himself a little closer until finally, he pressed their lips together. He tilted his head to the side, deepening it slightly from the start. When Viktor only complied by kissing him a little harder. “Mm…”

 

There it was. It was what Viktor wanted right from the start. He pressed into the smaller male slightly as he slid his tongue out to slide against the male’s bottom lip. When Yuuri parted his lips, he immediately pushed his tongue on inside. He slipped his tongue slowly against his tongue, rubbing and wrapping, only to move his head away to turn his head to the other side. He wanted to explore the other more, his hands traveling down the side of his body. Viktor only pulled his head away to stare deep into Yuuri’s eyes.

 

Their breaths mingled, tips of their noses touched, and both of their faces were flushed. Yuuri attacked Viktor’s lips once again, this time with a more fierce outcome rather than a gentle one. While he did want to be soft, he knew he couldn’t take all that much gentleness since he was very frustrated. Viktor wanted to slow down the moment he felt this, but he couldn’t help it. His body was reacting to Yuuri, and he wasn’t making it all that easy to slow down.

 

And it wasn’t getting any easier when Yuuri began to move his hips.

 

“Yuuri…” Viktor breathed against his lips, biting down gently on his bottom lip before he suddenly switched their positions and pinned the male to the bed. “You are turning me into a mess you know…” He mumbled, still rather close to his lips. This time he slid his lips down his cheeks, while pressing gentle kisses to them, and kissed down his neck nice and slowly. “I want you to feel the pleasure, not pain… I want to treat you like how you should be treated. With kindness…” He bit down gently into his neck, wanting to see how he would take it.

 

Yuuri let out a soft moan at the little bite, his back arching slightly. Then he buried his face into the pillow, glad they had moved enough to where his head could rest comfortably. “You’re… So sweet…” He mumbled voice muffled. He then slowly moved his head away from the pillow, glancing down towards Viktor. He adored him. This man, the one who tore his way into his life without a second thought, breathed life into him. “I want that…” He wanted to be treated with kindness. He wanted the other to give him the best pleasure of his life.

 

“I don’t know what the hell I’m doing…” Viktor laughed and crawled up to come face to face with him, wanting nothing more than to give the other the best night of his life, but at the same time, he felt like he would screw something up. “I want this to be the best for us, but I just…”

 

Yuuri raised a brow. “You’re nervous now?” He rubbed his chest slowly. “Don’t be nervous, Viktor. You don’t seem to be the type to get so nervous, but there is nothing to be too nervous about here. I’m not going anywhere, and I know that