, He's shown us.. Ask him about it. He's meeting us for lunch later. You could come..?" Phichit offered the dark haired Kazakh.

 

"Okay, I'll be there, When and where?" Otabek had leaped on the opportunity of seeing Yuri again even if the place was very strange and questionable. And what else did he have to lose?

 

"I'll send a pigeon to deliver my message of the details. Don't worry." The boy smiled as he said goodbye and walked away with the other two males.

 

"Huh? A pigeon? How the hell.." Otabek watched Phichit leave with a confused expression. How was that normal? They owned cell phones not pigeons for messaging.

 

What was going on? This had to be a dream.

 

It couldn't be real.

 

-

 

Otabek ran into a few problems, He didn't know where anything was and he couldn't find his own house. So he kept walking until he spotted a small cafe in town, it wasn't much but it was something.

 

But as he walked inside, he noticed something Well some/one/.

 

A certain Yuri Plisetsky was curled up in a small booth by a window and his chin was propped up on his knees as they pressed into his chest and he just stared blankly out of the window.

 

He decided to walk up to him, It couldn't hurt. "Is this seat taken?"

 

The blonde male lifted his head up to see Otabek staring at him and then looking back down at the seat in front of himself. "You can sit, but can I ask a question?"

 

"Why aren't you staying away from me? I'm sure Phichit's told you that I'm a witch. That doesn't frighten you?" He stared down at the table, holding a small sad smile on his lips as he asked the question.

 

"Well, to me that just make you more interesting, Yura. How can I stay away? You're the best person.. A- Alive." He mentally cursed himself for stuttering but It was worth it as the corners of Yuri's lips tugged up into a soft smile. His jade orbs brightening as he looked up and caught Otabek's gaze.

 

He felt his heart tug a bit as saw Yuri's smile. 

 

Yuri was so.. different but he was still Yuri.

 

Otabek was still hopelessly in love with Yuri Plisetsky. No matter what he was, or /who/ he was.

 

He didn't care about how he acted, He still loved him.

 

If he had to travel through time, He wouldn't care. He wouldn't through absolutely anything to be with Yuri.

 

Anything.

 

"You mean that?" Yuri had asked as Otabek brushed his seat off before sitting down in it slowly. "I mean it, Little Yuri."

 

"But, you barely know me No, you just met me You can't possibly think that about me. You don't know anything about me, except for that i'm a witch." The blonde Russian huffed out. Sadness lingered around in the boy's sentence.

 

"I know you better than you think, Yura." Otabek just simply smiled as said those words.

 

___

 

 

A few weeks past and Otabek swore that Yuri was being a pure tease, with his short flirty comments and the lingering touches. They easily became friends. He was friends with all of Yuri's friends as well. After that first day, He was easily accepted in the small group. And all of them except Yuri learned quickly about Otabek's infatuation with their blonde friend. They teased him about it at first but they started trying to get them together slowly. 

 

The Kazakh never wanted it to end.

 

But all good things had an ending didn't they?

 

You can't always have good without bad.

 

Was it still a dream?

 

–

 

"Dude, ask him out on a cheesy movie date or something. Yuri loves shit like that. He's a hopeless romantic at heart." Mila spoke in between bites of her cake as she had asked Otabek to hang out with her and JJ at the cafe. He couldn't just say no, could he?

 

"But What if" Otabek started to speak but got cut off immediately afterward.

 

"Fuck the what ifs. Live in the present. Not the future or the past. Right now. Go ask him out before he moves onto someone else. Like Chris for god's sake." JJ shook his head and sighed, staring into Otabek's eyes before he added onto his sentence. "If you don't ask soon, Yuri will think you aren't interested in him anymore. You don't want that do you?"

 

The Kazakh immediately shook his head and began to rise from his seat. "I'll go ask him right now. I won't waste anymore time. He needs to know how I feel, No matter how scared I may feel right now, I won't let