because in his memory he danced this variation with exacting precision, every leap and turn crisp and clean. But in the dream his limbs were heavy and sluggish, they moved painfully through a pantomime of dance but it was like dancing with a lead weight tied around his neck.

He danced and danced, his clumsy movements embarrassing alongside the ethereal Wilis as they twined about him. He was no longer Albrecht but Giselle, in her satin corset and stiff tulle skirt. The costume was tight around his chest, constricting his breathing. He danced, laboring to draw breath, unable to stop the panic welling up inside him.

He knew it was a dream and not a memory because he never got to dance the Albrecht variation at the Youth Grand Prix for his senior debut. He practiced it for months, learned the steps until they sunk deep into his muscle tissue, but he never made it to the competition. When he and his grandfather arrived at the airport for their flight to the qualifier, they were detained at security. Two sharp-looking men in sharper suits came and took his grandfather away. They disappeared behind a door and never returned.

Yuri stayed in the airport for two days and nights hoping to see his grandfather again. He might never have left but he was afraid he’d be arrested if he loitered indefinitely. He didn’t have keys for grandfather’s car. It took three city buses to get home. He cried, sitting on the floor of the living room--not yet the tears of grief, but of confusion. 

Yuri returned to the airport each day and waited for the sharp men. They didn’t come for many days. He followed one of them home and watched him through his windows from the street. He didn’t have a family, no adoring wife or smiling children that might have humanized him for Yuri. He was just a man. A man who drank beer in the evening sometimes and watched boxing matches on television, went to bed at 10:30 at night and woke up the next day to go to the airport and kidnap people’s grandfathers.

Yuri watched for days, but eventually lost his patience. He followed the man to a convenience store, orchestrated bumping him roughly between the aisles, and stole his cell phone. It was most likely sloppily done, but Yuri had had no training then, only purpose.

He had to take the phone to Kirill, the man who sold bootleg movies under the table at a newsstand around the block, to get the phone unlocked, but once he did the power he felt was unreal. So much information spread out before him: an entire world he’d never dreamed existed. Later he would find that even then he was being watched by KATSUDON. They must have been impressed because they recruited him soon after.

He never saw his grandfather again.

There is a jump that features heavily in the Albrecht variation called an assemblé: the working leg sweeps up as the dancer bursts into the air, and the standing leg meets it in mid-air. At the height of the jump, dancers can add beats of their legs: two, or even three. It’s a very basic jump, but in the body of a skilled dancer has alarming power. The dancer appears to jerk abruptly upwards and forward, not as if propelled but as though yanked into the air by an invisible string, the little fluttering beats like a struggle against compelling force.

In the first few months of his training to become a spy, Yuri thought his purpose was to find his grandfather. Later he knew that there was nothing to find: he’d been dead before Yuri even had a chance to swipe that agent’s phone. For a while he thought his purpose could be vengence, but that too drained from him quickly. 

It was ironic that he did not learn what it meant to be a dancer until after it was all over. Control, power, speed, agility, even grace were all just tools, and the dancer’s body was a tool as well. Yuri emptied himself of everything except his anger and became a weapon. And if in the end he was only used to shoot at the knee caps of the government that had destroyed him, knowing the corrupted body would live on, he at least had the satisfaction of knowing he’d caused pain and anguish.

Yuri had made himself into something like a gun. He was ready to be aimed and fired.

***

There were bunks for agents at KATSUDON headquarters that Yuri sometimes used when he couldn’t be bothered to drag his tired ass home after a particularly draining mission, but he didn’t actually live at HQ. He had a little efficiency in a trendy neighborhood, nestled in an artfully crumbling brick building just close enough to the commuter line for the walls to tremble whenever a train passed. It was the kind of apartment rented by University students studying philosophy on a rich relative’s dime, and Yuri supposed that’s what his neighbors assumed he was. It was a good cover: no one expected students to keep regular hours, or be particularly polite.