don’t worry. Besides, Yuuri should be here soon and I’m sure he’s a big mess. We’ll need to take care of him somehow.” He doesn’t move from the hug, which is unusual, but only logical. He needs it. He feels calmer with Otabek.

“Do you care about him?” Otabek asks.

Yuri shakes his head. “No, but Viktor did. And I kind of feel bad for him so I’m willing to help out.” He breaks the hug and smiles again. It’s a sad, meaningless smile just there to say ‘I’m fine’. Otabek sees right through, though. He pats Yuri’s back.

“Okay,” he says. “Then I’ll help you, too.” He kisses Yuri’s cheek when they feel something warm and fluffy rub against their ankles. It’s Yuri’s cat. It meows softly when they look at it and they both smile.

“What’s up, honey?” Yuri asks and stares down at his cat. It meows again.

Otabek picks the cat up and places it in their lap between them. They just stay like that for some time, not saying anything and not moving much. It’s cozy and pleasant, it feels like home.

They only move when the doorbell rings and the cat trots away back to its corner like it knows what’s next and is not interested in helping.

Yuri and Otabek stand up. Otabek picks up Yuri’s mug from the floor and nods at the blond as if telling him to go open the door. Yuri’s hesitating. He doesn’t want to see Yuuri. He doesn’t want any more things to remind him of Viktor and the fact that he’s not with them anymore.

A bit passes before the bell rings again.

“Yuri, he needs you,” Otabek says and looks at the door then at Yuri. He smiles at him encouragingly.

Yuri nods. He slowly walks to the front door and he opens it with a gulp. Yuuri’s standing outside. He’s holding back his tears.

“Viktor... Viktor, I miss you-”

I don't know how funerals in Russia actually go so I didn't go into detail but I think you can get the bigger picture, right?Enjoy this ♡

“Hey,” says Yuri. He doesn’t know whether to smile or to nod, so he just mixes both in hope that the dark-haired man in front of him won’t start crying before he enters the apartment.

 

Yuuri simply looks up from the floor into Yuri’s eyes and sobs. “Viktor...” he manages to say before he breaks and walks straight into a hug.

 

Yuri freezes on the spot, for a moment or two he stays still before he can react properly. He slowly wraps his arms around Yuuri and awkwardly pats his back. “I know…” he says, “it’s okay.”

 

Otabek closes the door behind them and pets Makkachin, who looks sad. He knows that his favorite human isn’t going to come back. He knows that Viktor is gone, too, and he’s just as broken on the inside as Yuri.

 

Yuri, slowly and awkwardly, breaks the hug after a few moments. Only then does he notice Makkachin. “Hey there …” He kneels down and close to the poodle, letting him lick his hand and snuggle close to him.

 

“I hope you don’t mind, I… I didn’t know where else to leave him,” Yuuri starts explaining. He’s stressed. He fixes his glasses three times while he’s speaking, his fingers are shaking and his voice is so, so weak.

 

“It’s okay,” Otabek says and smiles. “Come with me, I’ll prepare you some tea to calm you down. Yuri can give Makkachin some water, okay?” He looks down at Yuri who is absent, lost in his mind again. It hurts looking at him like that.

 

Yuuri nods. He takes off his shoes, then he follows Otabek into a small kitchen where there are still leftovers of Yuri’s breakfast since he didn’t feel hungry. Otabek quickly puts the plate away and pours some water into a kettle.

 

“I don’t have any Japanese tea, I’m sorry, will a standard one do?” He turns to Yuuri who has already sat down by the table.

 

“It’s okay, don’t worry…” Yuuri also seems like he’s lost in his own world. He’s staring at the table, tears still quietly streaming down his cheeks. Otabek doesn’t know what to do.

 

Makkachin suddenly puts his paws on Yuuri’s thighs with a sad cry, asking for his new owner’s attention and he leans his head on Yuuri’s legs.

 

Otabek takes two mugs out of the cupboard. He knows that Yuri needs a distraction just as much as Yuuri. He’s aware that giving them something to drink