from the tanks in the background made their faces look super unique and cool, no filter needed.

“I’d prefer the airplane,” Yurio grumbled, but he didn’t unlink their arms, and this time he didn’t demand to vet the photo before Phichit posted it. 

Yuri Plisetsky’s narrative for this season was all about taking back his crown after coming in silver to Yuuri at last year’s Grand Prix Final. He’d been skating with a voracious openness that reporters loved, claiming that this was Plisetsky “letting loose”, “back with a vengeance,” “centered again with a more mature vision.” It was really something, seeing him on the ice: when talent like that uncoiled, you lost your breath, you didn’t think about competing against it, you just let something beautiful flow through you for the space of a routine. Phichit was proud of himself that he had competed: he was leaving Toronto with a silver medal, or at least he would once this storm cleared. 

Faced with all that fierce hunger and artistry, it was easy to forget that Yuri’s eighteenth birthday was in March. He was a skater first and teenager second, but he was still a teenager, and from the barely perceptible way he leaned into Phichit as they walked past a tank of parrot fishes, he was exhausted and anxious.

Phichit never thought of himself as much of a caretaker, more likely to take pictures of his friends or doodle on them with sharpies when they got too drunk than to fold them into cabs and tuck them into bed. Not that he didn’t look after people when they needed it, but it wasn’t part of his self-image. And he wasn’t a member of the little circle of people that had, consciously or not, appointed themselves as on-the-road-family for figure skating’s resident unpredictable prodigy: Viktor, Yuuri, Otabek, Mila. One of them would be better suited to help Yurio handle the stress comedown from his latest gold. 

“Let’s get lunch,” Phichit said. “Lunch, then sharks.”

Phichit insisted on paying, which seemed to confuse Yurio but he didn’t hesitate before devouring his hamburger. Phichit tried to be surreptitious about watching him while he ate his own lunch. Yurio was remarkably unself-conscious in everything he did, from eating to walking to yelling at people, like it simply didn’t occur to him to question himself. This probably wasn’t a quality Phichit would have noticed if years of friendship with Yuuri hadn’t made him aware of the other extreme, of how self-conscious it was possible for a person to be in all things. 

Yuuri, once, had remarked on Phichit’s own lack of self-consciousness. “You make everything look so easy,” he’d said, while they were getting tipsy watching youtube videos together, barely a year into training in Detroit. Phichit had been baffled at the time, but now he understood that some people moved through the world with a hyper-awareness, double and triple layers of observation and analysis and worry preceding and following every action they took. It seemed exhausting.

“Your free skate performance was pretty incredible. You deserved that score, and the gold.” Phichit propped his chin on his hand and leaned over to take one of Yurio’s fries, a movement that Yurio’s eyes tracked with some hostility. 

Yurio set his burger down and rubbed grease off his chin. “Yeah,” he said suspiciously. “Uh, I mean thanks.”

“You’re welcome!” Phichit winked, ratcheting up Yurio’s suspicious confusion by several degrees. “Are you going to be working to improve any elements before the Grand Prix?”

“Why would I talk to you about that!”

“I wasn’t aware we were american football players. Worried I’ll steal your playbook?” 

“What the fuck are you talking about?”

Apparently training from a young age to be Russia’s next great figure skating hope didn’t leave much room for international cultural literacy. Phichit smirked. “Forget it. My point is, I was just trying to make conversation, not looking for points to possibly sabotage you.” He steepled his fingers under his chin. “At least, that’s what I’m saying to your face, but who knows if I can really be trusted. It could all be a scheme.”

“Fuck off.” Yurio threw a fry at Phichit’s head, but there was a small, begrudging smile on his face. “My second step sequence could use more work, I guess. But I’m going to keep pushing to make the whole thing even better. How about you? The quad in your short program?”

“Very tactful, pointing out my mistakes when I just told you your skating was incredible.” Yurio winced, but Phichit was still smiling. “Yes, my quad salchow is still shaky. But I’ve found it rarely helps me to obsess over one jump. It knocks me off-kilter, mentally, and even if I