Yuri grabbed the collar of Otabek’s jacket and pulled him down so their foreheads touched.  “You wanted to watch me lay everyone flat out, right?  So are you gonna do it, or not?”

He’d promised to help Yuri put together a cool program.  If this was what Yuri wanted… “We’re friends, aren’t we?  Then there’s only one answer.  Do you have something specific in mind?”

“Yeah, two things.  You know this song well enough to know when it’s about to end, right?”

“We certainly listened to it enough last night.”  Not to mention he was the one who made the mix Yuri was using.  Of course he knew the cues.

“Right as the song’s about to end, shoot me.  Way cooler than just falling down dead for no explained reason.”

Otabek nodded.  That was cooler, and an injoke between them from the club.  “I can do that.  What’s the other thing?”

“Remember how I asked about getting these gloves off?”  Yuri held out a hand.

Otabek caught on quickly.  He reached out and pulled the glove off in one swift motion.  “So you come skate over to me and I take your gloves.  Do you want them back, or should I throw them for the fans?”

“Whatever.  Just be ready.  I'll come over right after the split jump?”  Yuri took his glove to put back on, just in time as Katsuki and Viktor left the ice.  “Showtime.”

It started off simple enough, with Yuri striking a couple poses.  He heard a couple gasps when Yuri let the jacket slip off his shoulders, but he pulled it back up and took off as the music started for real.  When Yuri took his jacket off for real, tossing it toward the entrance to the rink, Otabek stepped out on the ice.  First thing he did was pick up the jacket and hang it on the rail.  Yuuri would definitely want it after laying on the ice in the ripped tank top.  Then he moved a short way down, not too far since he didn’t have his skates, and leaned against the wall to wait for Yuri to come over.

As promised, Yuri started his way after a split jump, which is when the guy doing the lights noticed him.  He rolled his neck while waiting for Yuri to get close enough.  He resisted the temptation to duck as Yuri threw his sunglasses, waiting for the first hand.  That one went as it had in “practice” – Yuri stuck out his right hand, Otabek started what looked like a handshake as he pulled the glove off and tossed it over his shoulder.

Whether Yuri meant to do it or not, Otabek had no idea, but Yuri’s left hand ended up right in front of his face.  Reaching up for the glove with his hand would just look awkward, so instead, Otabek decided to use his teeth.  Yuri made it easier for him by getting one of his fingers in Otabek’s mouth, giving him a good place to bite.

That one got tossed aside too, as Yuri skated away from him.  Otabek was incredibly glad there was no spotlight on him as Yuri went into the Weir slide, and his shirt rode all the way up to his shoulders leaving his torso pretty much bare.  This was definitely not what he’d expected when he came to Barcelona with the intention of finally talking to Yuri Plisetsky.  Yuri started a spin as the end of the song approached, and as he pulled himself upright, Otabek took aim and shot.  Yuri went down in a ridiculously graceful way, landing on the ice on his back – he must be freezing – with his hair fanned out around his head.  Yuri was the most beautiful corpse Otabek could imagine.

Yuri got to his feet and skated to the side.  Otabek tossed him the jacket, which Yuri took gratefully, and retrieved the glove he could see on the ice.  By the time he made it back to Yuri, Yakov and Lilia were also there.  “Explain.”

“If I skated Angel of the Fire Festival, my heart wouldn’t be in it because of how I messed up in my Free Skate.  The crowd deserved better than that, so I did this instead.”

Lilia pursed her lips in disapproval.  “How much of a part did that Kazakhstani boy play in getting this ready?”

Yuri scowled.  “His name is Otabek.  That was his music, and I bounced ideas off him.  Be mad at me all you want, but leave him out of it.  Everything he did, he did because I asked him to.”

Yakov raised a skeptical eyebrow.  “The glove thing?  That was entirely your idea?”

Yuri hesitated, and then, to Otabek's surprise, decided to lie.  “Yes.  It was.”

“Hmm.  We’ll talk more about this later, Yuri.  Once I’m done dealing with the officials.  Go get that fifteen pounds of makeup off your face and get ready for the banquet, which so help me if you get