off on a good note.  His jumps were clean, and he improved his step sequence from China.  Yakov had plenty of things to say, but he couldn’t argue with Viktor’s 85.  Florentin did as expected.  Rykov had a very good day, earning an 82.  Viktor’s score held up for first, with Rykov second and Kamil third.

Yuuri caught up to Viktor about the same time as the press did.  “Yuuri!  What did you think of Viktor’s performance?”

“It was very effective and I very much enjoyed it.  I know most of our friends did, too.”  Yuuri kissed Viktor’s cheek.  “Sorry, but Yuri still thinks your program is ridiculous.”

“Of course he does!”  Viktor giggled as he imagined Yuri’s reaction.

“Rykov had a very good day, wouldn’t you say?  He’s in second.  If he’s on the podium with you, what will you do?”

Viktor and Yuuri exchanged exasperated looks.  What else was Viktor going to say?  That he was going to pout and stomp and act like a child?  “Pose for pictures, congratulate him, probably invite him and Sasha to come celebrate with me and Yuuri and our friends.  Neither of us are sore losers and we’re both professionals who will play nice for the cameras.”

“Yuuri, do you agree that Rykov isn’t a sore loser?  Given how he treated you because Yakov chose you over him…”

“People can change.  I’ve seen far more dramatic change than a teenage boy growing out of childish behavior.  Rykov is not a sore loser.”

Rykov laughed at the questions when they met up for dinner.  “Anyone who gets sore about losing to Viktor is an idiot – except for a few people, I guess, you and Misha and maybe Bin if he’s caught up from last year.  The rivalry story’s just too good to let go of, I guess.”

Masumi and Jolanda were in first place after the short dance, with Anya and Christov in second.  There was a lot to celebrate at dinner, and even with having to watch how much they drank because of skating the next day, they had a good time.

 

The events were in the same order the next day for the free skate.  Skye did beautifully, and thanks to Raisa’s lower performance score, Skye was able to pass her for second behind Sato.  Both Skye and Sato were going to the finals.  Yuuri felt a brief twinge of disappointment for Sara as it meant she was an alternate, but it was only her first year, she could do better next year and get there.  Raisa took the disappointment well, promising that next year she’d be in the Finals.

In the mens’ free skate, things went as expected through the first group.  Florentin dropped below Clarien, and then Su had a very strong performance that Kamil didn’t match.  Kamil, it appeared, was taking it a little bit easy – his quad salchow became a triple instead, and his spins didn’t look as good as usual.  It dropped him behind Su.  Rykov kept up his good performance, taking the lead and guaranteeing himself a silver medal.  Viktor could see the surprise and joy on his face from out on the ice.

He forced out any thoughts of standings or points to focus on his routine.  Yakov would never forgive him if he couldn’t properly do a salchow to save his life again.  He started well with his quad flip, and his triple axel went well.  Once again, though, it was underrotated, and he didn’t get the height he felt like he needed.  He shook it off a little better this time, and he got a little sarcastic at his triple salchow and did the best salchow he’d ever done in competition.  With that behind him, he was able to focus and enjoy his skating, and his program finished strong with a good triple flip and a smooth step sequence.

“That was better.  You’re not getting the power you need on that quad salchow, though.  Why not?”  Viktor shrugged.  “You might want to think about moving it.  You’ve got a triple axel, a three-jump combo, and the quad all in a row.  If you moved it to after your step sequence, it would get you a bit of a break, and you might have less trouble with it.”

“Maybe.  I’ll give it a try in practice.”

“At least you kept it to one mistake instead of letting it affect the rest of your routine.”  That said, Yakov had a lot more to say about it.  His score was much better at 173 – not better enough, but better.  He wasn’t going to beat Yuuri with a 173!  It was good enough for gold and the top seed at Finals, though.

It wasn’t quite a Saccharine Six reunion, with Chris out and Bin in, but it was close.  Georgi and Kamil made it in, with Jude as the alternate.  Ice dance went well