, pale and beginning to sweat.

"O-oh, God, I'm so sorry, I --"

Viktor only grins, pressing the lid down fully and taking up his drink. Their eyes lock, and Yuuri feels like he's drowning again.

"Didn't feel a thing," Viktor says with a wink.


God.


Yuuri watches him go, dumbfounded and awestruck. The door shuts with the airy tinkle of bells, and the sound brings Yuuri back to his senses. What little he still has left, anyway.

Yuri leans against the counter, scowling at him. "What the hell was that?"

Yuuri groans loudly, burying his face in his hands.

"He's so dreamy!"

Yuri makes a retching sound and makes him take out the trash.

*

Viktor did, in fact, feel a thing. He felt many things. He had felt a mixture of relief and panic when he'd walked in and spotted the mystery barista -- Yuuri. His heart had stopped when their eyes had met, and Viktor had felt fear. Something thrilling. He'd felt anxious as he ordered, watching Yuuri carefully do everything within his power to avoid looking at him. Why? Maybe he wasn't interested. Could it be? No, impossible.

He'd felt sick as he'd waited for Yuuri to make him his drink. The anticipation had made him ill. Turn around, he had thought frantically at Yuuri's back, turn around and look at me, please.

When he had finally heard his name on Yuuri's lips, it had taken all of his strength not to collapse in the middle of the shop. A name like his has no business being in a mouth like that. That soft and warm voice, so inviting, the one that had first pulled him in. And it had spoken his name so sweetly. So timidly?

Viktor had felt himself growing giddy, maybe even hysterical, when their eyes met again. Yuuri's face had been alarmingly red, and it had taken Viktor by surprise. But no, the man was just shy, it couldn't have been anything more than that. Those flushed cheeks and soft trembling lips hadn't been for him. But they had made him feel hot nonetheless, a scalding heat that he soon had realized was actually his hand on fire. It hurt like hell, but he had somehow managed to pull off something suave, and he'd left feeling strangely satisfied.

The only thing he's feeling right now, however, is annoyed, because Christophe won't leave him the hell alone. Telling his roommate about the gorgeous barista he may or may not have fallen madly in love with had been a huge mistake.

"If you're going to keep leaving all these goddamned cups around the house, you better take me to go see him. I need to approve before I can forgive you."

Not that he really has a choice. Chris would just follow him there anyway. Inevitable, really.

He braces himself as he enters today, praying that Yuuri is working. He'd wasted at least two trips here this week to find that his coffee angel had been no where to be found. 

Today, he's lucky. Sort of.

Yuuri is there. His smiling coworker, Phichit, is also there, and his mischievous grin widens as he spots him. Viktor swears he can hear Christophe's grin in return from behind him.

This isn't going to end well.

"Good morning!" Phichit chirps as Yuuri turns away hastily. Viktor watches him flee to the backroom, his heart aching after him. How are they supposed to plan their wedding if he keeps running away? Will he leave him waiting at the altar forever?

"Morning," Chris nearly sings, sliding his elbows onto the counter and winking. Phichit flushes slightly, but his smile doesn't falter. He turns it on Viktor now, and it brightens impossibly.

"What'll it be today, sir?"

Yuuri chooses that moment to return, although very reluctantly and in a bad attempt at stealth, and Viktor can't look away.

"Yuuri," he says absently, then freezes, nearly biting his tongue, because Yuuri looks up at him in shock, and Chris lets out a loud snort beside him. Phichit looks as polite as ever.

"Hot or iced, sir?"

"N-no, I meant, uh -- Eros! That one. The one Yuuri made for me. It's, u-um. It was very good."

He's stuttering like an idiot, and Yuuri's face looks as red as his own feels. He only takes his eyes off of him when Phichit speaks again. 

"I'm sorry, but we're no longer serving that drink special. Today's drink --"

"It's okay," Yuuri says quickly, hurrying over and snatching up a cup, "I'll make it. Just for you." His cheeks flush brighter, and he refuses to meet Viktor's gaze as