dying” work pretty well and he probably pushes you to the plane back to Japan with his own hands. It is terrible to be apart from him, even for a little while, but hang in there. The results will be worth it. Picture this: the competition in Russia is over and he is finally out of the plane and back in Japan too. The cutest (and very much alive) poodle in the world notices him behind the glass at the airport and you both start running towards the doors that separate you. It is just sappy enough to mend your heart and the moment when you spread your arms and he runs towards to and practically throws himself to that hug, makes it feel like this whole long journey has been worth it. You got the results you wanted: he just can’t go on unless he gets to hug you. Possibly daily if you’re lucky (although if you were lucky, you wouldn’t be reading step seven right now). You may have seen some pictures of him hugging other people and you even told him to hug your old coach but those don’t matter. Those were just some test subjects to see if hugging you felt special or whether he was okay with hugging just anyone. If Instagram’s hug-zombie pictures tell the truth, the results should be clear by now.

This hug is also going to be different. Do not say anything dirty this time, just let him take the lead. Being apart from you has probably done good for him. Perhaps even made him finally think about what he wants and what you and your relationship really mean to him. If you have followed these steps closely, he should now ask you to take care of him until he retires. You should kiss his hand and playfully add that wow that sounded just like a marriage proposal. It’s good to start finally thinking about that merry future you know (more of this at the next step). When he hugs you again, because he’s at a loss for words after your flirty statement, don’t forget to add that you never want him to retire. He may be little (okay a lot) thick headed, but you just basically said you wanted to be with him forever. Even he should be able to take the hint.

Or not. As you get back home and find yourself sleeping at the separate bedroom. Yet again.


 



8. TELL HIM YOU’RE GOING TO GET MARRIED ONCE HE WINS THE GOLD MEDAL


 

It’s been a long road since step one, hasn’t it? You’ve tried pretty much everything in your arsenal so far. Why doesn’t he get it yet? Why is it so hard for him to understand how much you want him!? But it’s no use throwing a fit now. Calm yourself down and imagine it’s the last few seconds before the Grand Prix final. You know you can do this. After all, you’re a living legend. There’s no way you can’t make him your sixth consecutive win. A gold is a gold no matter whether it’s a medal or a ring. Which leads us to this step’s main topic. Time to make him aware that you really, really want to get married to him.

Barcelona is a very romantic city in December and a great place to set the mood right. Take him shopping, possibly buy him a new suit and especially a new tie (finally). Maybe something that brings out the color of his eyes more or just anything that isn’t anywhere near that awful light blue shade. Preferably something that hasn’t been swimming in champagne glasses and in only God (and possibly one previously mentioned Swiss figure skater) knows what. Walk hand in hand in the Christmas market and let him do the searching. After all, you love to watch him and how his gaze wanders places. Just lead him towards the jewelry shop sneakily and let him think he noticed the shop all by himself. If he doesn’t go in immediately you can say something like “btw it’s my bday soon” as a hint. Athletes can act surprisingly under the pressure and if you play your cards right that night, he’ll buy you matching rings. Titled as wedding rings. Sounds good right?

Well, do not get your hopes up just yet. He’s probably been in denial since his birth, so there is a very high chance that despite him literally dragging you to the church and putting the ring to your right hand (does he know that in Russia that means engagement) in the end he’s going to claim they are for good luck. Don’t let the disappointment show on your face. Just smile like you always do. You can correct him later on. Oh yeah, and be ready for the shock of the year when he reveals he doesn’t actually remember anything about last year’s banquet (no wonder he never brought it up no matter how much you were hinting at it). Not the dance-offs, not the pole dance