lyrics on them.

After Viktor and I got a run through with the first song Viktor looked up, "Is this album about love?" He asked. I felt myself blushed.

"Sorta I guess you can call it that, but remember since the album is a duet that means their won't be as many songs as a normal album. Oh I forgot to mention, Yurio wants to sing some songs with you two also. So give him a replie when you two decide what to do." Yakov said walking out of the room,"Minako and I have some stuff to talk about regarding the tour so read through the rest of the songs."

"So Yuri!" Viktor began I looked up from the papers, "What made you accept the offer?" He asked.

"Well Minako thought it would be a good idea so I just went with it." I told him, not wanting to go through further details.

The truth is I just wanted to meet my soulmate, on my wrist written in Russian was Viktor's name.  Виктор Никифоров. I remember the day I found out what the words ment.

I was happy until I realized who Viktor was, so I decided to take up on singing so Viktor wouldn't think I was just some crazy fan who tattooed his name on my wrist.

"Well I accepted it because I always wanted to meet you." Viktor said, " Your performances are very intriguing to watch. And you have such a passive voice." Viktor continued.

I blushed, "Well thank you then." I said looking back at the papers.

"So, what do you want to do about Yurio?" Viktor asked me."I don't really mind if you want him to sing with us." I told him, I really didn't I just wanted to meet Viktor I'm satisfied with that.

"Then I'll have him sing two songs with us. Sound good?" Viktor asked, I nodded, "After all we can't have Yuri here be jealous of Yurio." Viktor said in a flirty tone.

I blushed, "What do you mean?" I asked.

"Mmm~ Nothing important!" Viktor said smiling.

 

 

 

"Yuri! What do you think of mashing Yurio's song's with two of ours?" Viktor asked me biting his pencil.

"Ok, what which songs?" I asked him writing the costume sizes on a form for the performances. Viktor was going to be dressed as a prince styled character while I was going to wear a costume that suggests both female and male since it fits the songs I'll be singing.

"Um, the third song and sixth sing." Viktor said nodding."Ok."

Right then the door opened with a loud bang and Yurio walked in with a sour face. "Oi Viktor! Why are you doing a duet album with this pig!" He shouted at Viktor. I'm not sure if I should be offended by that.

Viktor just smiled at Yurio, "I didn't think you would be coming here so soon!" Viktor replied. "Yuri this is Yurio, Yurio this is Yuri." Viktor introduced us. Yurio glared at me and I could tell I was sweating through my shirt.

"Listen pig! Don't flatter yourself just because Viktor agreed to do a album with you." Yurio yelled at me.

"You don't have to yell at me I'm right in front of you. And it wasn't me who offered it was Viktor." I told Yurio.

Yurio glared at Viktor, "Is this true?" He asked him. Viktor nodded and smiled. Yurio rolled his eyes.

"Well whatever then. What did you guys decide to do with the album?" Yurio asked sitting down on the couch.

"You will be singing two of your songs, with two of our new ones! It's like a mash up!" Viktor said grinning.

"Ok, so I have to find two songs of mine that fit in with your songs?" Yurio asked, Viktor nodded.

 

 

"Ok so is everything all set up for tomorrow?" Yakov asked stepping into the room. We all nodded, "Ok then your free to do whatever just be here tomorrow at 9:30 A.M." Yakov said dismissing us.

"Hey yuri! Where are you wondering off to?" Viktor asked swinging his arm around me. I blushed, "I'm going back to the hotel. I have a headache so I'm going lay down." I told him.

Viktor pouted, "Aww, know what helps a headache? ALCOHOL!!!" Viktor said smiling.

"Ah, I'm good. When I get drunk I do weird things." I said trying to get out of Viktor's grip.

Viktor's grinned, "Even more of a reason to get you drunk!" He said, I shooked my head,"The last time I drank I pole danced and stripped." I said.

"I have to get you drunk."

 

 

 

I groaned opening my eyes, what happened last night? I looked around the room and noticed that