Viktor touching his forehead as well, perhaps sensing that same connection Yuuri still felt, tingling against his skin. 

He couldn’t wait to show Viktor just how well he could do.  

Triple Axel--perfect.  Now if he could just let go and land his quadruple Salchow...yes!  Yuuri let out a deep breath.  He could do this.  He could feel Viktor watching him.  The only one that mattered in the entire crowd.  Would he receive a hug at the end?  Something from Viktor to show his love, how much he mattered to his coach?  The way Viktor looked at him, so different than when he coached Yurio.  He could feel it.  He was the only one to feel Viktor’s love.  In every carefully choreographed step, every minute Viktor helped him through a routine and gave him advice after a fall.  

But not tonight.  Yuuri refused to fall.  Next a quadruple toe loop.  Phew!  Almost time to celebrate.  Yuuri had no idea if his score possibly reached over the hundred marker, the spot Viktor had designated for his reward.  He could do nothing but hope.  Hope and let all their hard work shine through his performance.

Then, what seemed like both the longest and shortest minutes of his life ended.  Yuuri looked down, panting as the music ended.  His chest heaved with exertion as he lifted his head, looking toward the Kiss and Cry for his coach.  Where was Viktor?

Skating leisurely, Yuuri waved at the crowd before making his way over to the edge of the rink.  He put the guards on his skates before stepping out to sit and await his score.  Finally Viktor was there beside him.

“Yuuri!” Viktor hugged him close and brushed his hair back.  “I couldn’t take my eyes off you.”

Blushing, Yuuri looked down at his skates.  “That’s all I really wanted.”

Viktor held an arm around his back and pulled him close.  “Really?  That’s all?  Did that feel great?”

“Well,” Yuuri thought, “I was hoping everyone else felt great watching me.”

Suddenly his score was announced.  Viktor beamed while Yuuri squinted down at the viewscreen, wishing momentarily for his glasses.  

“Yuuri!” Viktor exclaimed, hugging him once again.  

Yuuri blinked twice, wondering if he was misreading the numbers.  106.84.  Could it be?  Not only a personal best, but he’d gotten well above 100!  

“Of course everyone would feel great watching a performance like that!” Viktor said, his smile so contagious that Yuuri could not help but mirror it.  “You’re the best student.”

“Then,” Yuuri asked quietly, “our bet?  Is it still okay?”

“Yuuri, I would pair skate with you whether or not you’d won.  Don’t you know that?”

“Really?” Yuuri grabbed Viktor’s hand and squeezed.  “I promise not to let you down.”

“I don’t think you could ever let me down,” Viktor beamed.  “But please, just don’t drop me.”

***

Later that night, though the competitors had long ago cleared the rink to celebrate the short program’s end, Yuuri remained.  Skating in silence, he took a last opportunity to practice before the next day’s long program.  

“Nervous?” Viktor asked as he appeared along the sideline to watch.  

“I thought you’d left,” Yuuri said, ignoring the question.  How could he not be nervous, really?

“Only to change,” Viktor said, stepping to the break in the wall.  

“Change?  Oh!” Yuuri said, looking Viktor up and down.  The other man had eschewed his expensive coat and pants for tighter training clothes and skates.  

“Thought I’d practice with you.  Even though I love watching you skate, it’s hard to not be out there too,” Viktor said, pushing his hair out of his eye and smiling at Yuuri.  

Yuuri skated in a flourish, opening his hands as if in welcome to Viktor to join him on the rink.  “I’ve missed watching you skate,” he said softly, though by the way Viktor looked at him he was sure the other man heard.

“Well then, shall we practice Eros together?”

“Oh!  Here, now?” Yuuri said nervously.

Viktor cocked his head to the side.  “We’ve skated it side by side before in practice, let’s do it again.”

Yuuri nodded emphatically and Viktor joined him by his side.  

“Can you hear the music in your head Yuuri?” Viktor asked in a low voice, looking over and winking at him.  Yuuri blushed and nodded.  “Then let’s begin.”

Taking his cue from Viktor, Yuuri got into position, cleared his mind of needless emotions, and let himself be filled only with thoughts of Viktor.   The other man was watching him, he could feel it.  But there was none of the pressure of the crowd, the lights, the scores to beat or lose.  Just he and Viktor.  And the music in their heads.

Giving one another room,