hair.

Yuuri stares at the pile before him. The floor is littered with satin kippot, a few with names and dates on them, and stiffer suede in blues, browns, and black. Knits of a variety of colors and patterns catch his eye, some with stripes and six-pointed stars, including a well-loved rainbow one. He picks up one in a plastic bag, unusually proportioned compared to the rest. Pulling it out, he sees it covered with curly brown hair, in stark contrast to the silver hairs in the others. Realization dawns and he looks at Viktor in disbelief. “Does Makkachin have a kippah too?!”

Viktor looks at him. “Yuuri. We’re Jewish.”

Yuuri’s laugh bubbles out of his throat and shakes his whole body. After it dies down, as he’s cleaning his glasses, he lets out a snort. “Does Makka have one with your face on it as well?”

His question is met with silence, and as his glasses slide into place he’s met with the sight of Viktor, eyes shining in excitement, a grin plastered across his face with his hands clasped in front of his body like he’s been handed a gift.

“Not yet!” Comes the enthusiastic answer to Yuuri’s question.

“Oh my god, Viktor. How can your dog be Jewish, anyway?”

“He had his Bark Mitzvah!”

“His what now?”

Viktor hurriedly pulls out his phone, scrolling through the images. “Remember I told you about my Bar Mitzvah? Reading from the Torah, celebration, and all that? I threw a Bark Mitzvah party for Makkachin when he hit thirteen. In dog years, of course, but he got treats and I got him his very own doggy tallit and kippah.”

He finds the pictures he’s looking for, showing Makkachin amongst balloons, decorations, and a few presents. The kippah Yuuri had found is perched on the dog’s head, peeking up over his fur.  Across Makka’s shoulders is draped a white cloth, with blue stripes and giant blue paw prints on the front. The next picture has a much-younger Viktor posing next to his dog, long silver hair gleaming in the light, cascading gently over his shoulder. A blue kippah with indecipherable wording is balanced on his head, his arms are wrapped around his dog and his face is lit up with a smile so big his eyes are closed. Viktor scrolls to a similar picture, this time of himself shaking Makka’s paw while making a frankly adorable face at the dog. In another, Makka’s kippah is hanging precariously off his head, white cloth nowhere to be found. With a bone in his mouth, the dog looks immensely satisfied. The last picture shows Makkachin curled up on carpet, kippah next to him on the floor, sleeping around the remnants of the bone he’d been carrying earlier.

Yuuri smiles at Viktor, enjoying this glimpse into the other man’s adolescence. “Which one were you wearing?” he asks, gesturing at the floor.

Viktor shuffles around in the pile of kippot, eventually emerging with a silk one that had the same color scheme as Makkachin’s.  Yuuri squinted at the letters, before realizing they were mix of Hebrew and Cyrillic. Viktor notices his confusion and explains. “It’s his name, in Hebrew and Russian, and the date.” Yuuri takes it from him and looks it over.

Viktor starts setting the kippot on the floor in piles, setting select suede ones, and a nicer white satin one, to the side before he stacks up the rest.  He grabs a plastic bag and puts the larger pile in. Makkachin’s is returned to its original bag. Viktor sets them on the bed next to the blue velvet bag the kippot had fallen out of. He sets the smaller pile on his nightstand, removing the white satin kippah and placing it on his sheets.

Yuuri looks up to see Viktor unfurling a large white woolen cloth, with thick blue stripes on the sides. An embroidered panel in Hebrew runs along the top, and on each corner is a tassel longer than the fringe lining the short edges. His breath hitches in his throat. “What…what’s that?”

Viktor lays the cloth out on the bed gently. “It’s a tallit,” he says. “We wear it when we pray.”

“Is it important?” Yuuri asks, though with the care Viktor’s showing while folding it, smoothing it out gently before folding carefully again, he knows the answer before Viktor opens his mouth.

“Very,” Viktor confirms. “This one, especially. My grandparents gave it to me for my bar mitzvah, it had been my grandfather’s when he was young.” He makes the final fold, leaving a rectangle of fabric just smaller than the bag it came out of. Smoothing it out, he sets the white satin kippah on top of it, and puts them both into the blue velvet bag, zipping it carefully.

The last Yuuri sees of the bag is a flash of the embroidered Hebrew as Viktor