scratching against the fabric of his shirt. Viktor frowns, letting go of his hand.

“Please pet me underneath?”

Yuuri’s face is bright red, he’s sure, and he slips his hands underneath Viktor’s shirt, pulling it up and off. Yuuri runs his fingers up and down his chest, squeezing his waist, running his fingers lightly up his sides, making Viktor shiver.

“Ah, Yuuri,” he sighs, “lower?”

Now Yuuri’s trembling hands travel down, so far down, pausing at the sensitive skin just below the navel. Viktor sighs again, moving underneath him, his hips twitching up. Yuuri knows that he’s about to ask him to go lower, so he does so, letting his fingers brush against his thighs. He can feel them quiver beneath his sweatpants, and Yuuri is suddenly very aware that the pants do very little to conceal the bulge forming between Viktor’s thighs. Viktor moans softly, his hips bucking slightly.

“Yuuri,” he moans, spreading his legs wider, “pet me? Please?”

Yuuri ghosts his fingers over the front of Viktor’s pants, making him gasp, and then tugs down the pants altogether. Viktor gasps again as Yuuri runs his fingers over his cock, and he makes an impatient whining sound.

“Oh, Yuuri, please, more!”

He feels his own cock hardening as he strokes Viktor’s, and the sight of him squirming and growing desperate sets something within him on fire. He strokes Viktor more firmly, and the other man moans, head thrown back against the arm of the sofa as Yuuri increases his pace.

He stops suddenly, rising to meet Viktor’s lips with his own. Viktor makes the same impatient whining sound, but eagerly returns the kiss, his tongue slipping into his mouth, teasing. He gasps into Yuuri’s mouth when Yuuri presses his hips down, grinding into him. Yuuri’s breathing heavily now, lips still locked with Viktor’s and he runs his fingers through Viktor’s hair, scratching. He feels him shiver, and grinds down into him again, and this time Viktor moans into their kiss.

Viktor breaks off to suck and lick at Yuuri’s neck, his hands reaching down to tug down his pants and boxers. He makes a low and satisfied growling sound as they grind, skin against skin, and Yuuri moans, then gasps when he feels Viktor’s teeth sink into his neck. He cries out as Viktor bites harder, over and over, marking his territory. His bites turn into kisses that make their way up Yuuri’s throat, but before he can reach his lips, Yuuri pulls back. He rises to straddle him, fingers hooking around the gold ring of Viktor’s collar, jerking him up with him.

“On the floor,” he says, his voice low. “On your knees. Now.”

Viktor scrambles to obey, and Yuuri reaches for the leash as he kneels, hooking it onto the ring. He gives it a playful tug, and Viktor looks up at him eagerly. Yuuri tugs again, harder this time, and Viktor jerks forward, his head in Yuuri’s lap. His mouth is level with Yuuri’s cock, and he licks his lips, looking up at Yuuri as if he were asking for permission. Yuuri strokes himself, slowly, directly in front of Viktor’s mouth, teasing him.

“Hmm? What do you want? A treat?”

Viktor is trembling with anticipation, begging, nearly drooling. “Please?”

Yuuri tugs the leash again, grabbing Viktor by the hair and pressing his mouth down onto his cock. Viktor moans around it, taking it into his mouth completely, all of it, sucking, licking, in and out, and Yuuri holds Viktor’s head steady as he thrusts into him. Viktor takes him deep into his throat, tightening his lips around Yuuri’s cock. Yuuri groans, his head rolling back.

“Good boy,” he pants, and he feels Viktor shudder.

He pulls out, and Viktor whines in protest. “Yuuri!”

Yuuri scratches behind his ear before yanking him forward and up towards his face. Yuuri catches his lips with his, kissing him slowly, teasingly. His lips trail to Viktor’s ear now, and he feels Viktor shudder again.

“Fetch.”

Viktor doesn’t need to be told what to bring back. He races into their bedroom, and when he returns with lube, Yuuri snatches up his leash, pulling down onto the sofa. He jumps up to straddle him, their lips meeting again, hungry and desperate. Viktor pulls Yuuri’s pants down completely now, tossing them to the side. His hands roam over his body, squeezing and grabbing, and Yuuri grinds down onto him, pulling back to yank at Viktor’s leash again. His eyes are clouded with lust, his voice husky.

“Fuck me, Viktor.”

Viktor buries his face into the crook of Yuuri’s neck, biting hard, grabbing blindly for the small bottle. Yuuri gasps when Viktor slips a slick