.  Perhaps the cold caused an engine malfunction.  He frantically looks around for a parachute.   Thankfully, he sees a worn-down parachute crammed under the co-pilot seat.  He puts it on since he has no other choice.  



Panic starts to creep into his heart as he struggles to open the door.  Has the door frozen solid?  He takes as many steps as he can and sprints up towards the door, hurling his full body weight against the door.  The door does open this time.  However, his body is flung out tens of metres away from a tall tree.  The plane must have been losing altitude much quicker than Yuuri’s initial estimates.  He opens up the parachute and manages to miss the tree.  



More and more of the icy chill from his surroundings seep into his clothes and body as he floats down towards the ground.  By the time his feet land on solid ground blanketed by snow, he feels as though his body has turned into a block of ice.



“K-k-keep moving,” he tells himself through his chattering teeth.  “You’ll di-die if you stop moving.”



Each step he takes requires tremendous effort.  His limbs ache from the cold and he can’t feel them.  More than once, he loses his footing and falls onto the cold, hard ground.  And every time he falls, the snow that clings to his body exacerbates the sensation that he is slowly and steadily freezing to death.



He doesn’t know how long he has been wondering when he falls down again for the umpteenth time.  Only this time, he hasn’t got the strength left in him to get back on his feet.  He is too cold and it hurts physically to even think about getting back on his feet.  He rolls over to his back, staring blankly up at the grey skies.



“I-I-I’m so-s-sorry, da-dad, mom, Ma-Mari ne-ee-s-san,” Yuuri mumbles.  He lets his head fall to the side.  Maybe he is hallucinating, but he swears that he can see a small building in the distance.



Yuuri pushes himself up to his hands and knees.  There isn’t much snow on the patch of ground in between him and the building so he doesn’t have to stand up and walk to confirm his suspicions.  Even crawling sends shocks of pain throughout his body but he refuses to give up so easily.  He won’t let go of the small spark of hope until it proves to be false.



His legs give out after a minute or so.  He grits his teeth and pulls himself forwards with his numb hands.  When he arrives at the doorsteps, he pats the wooden surface to confirm that it’s real.  



“H-help,” he calls out in English.  “Plea-lease.  I n-need help.”



He doesn’t hear any response.  He raises his hand to knock on the door.  Except, he can’t knock on the door anymore.  The door swings open, revealing a pair of boot-covered feet and a pair of an animal’s feet.  



Before Yuuri can lift his head up, however, darkness encroaches on the edges of his vision.  Oh.  So this is what death feels like.  He can’t feel his body anymore but he can vaguely hear a man’s voice calling out to him.  The man’s voice is the last thing that he hears before his consciousness gives out completely.







-







Yuuri comes around to the crackling sounds of a fireplace.  He is covered by a mound of animal hides. To his utmost embarrassment, he discovers that he is naked underneath the hides.  He clutches a hide to his body as he sits up and examines his surroundings.



He is sitting on a rug (also made out of a shaggy-furred animal hide) and he seems to be inside a small residential building mostly made of wood.  Something whimpers in the pile of hides on top of him and to Yuuri’s surprise and delight, a greyish brown dog pokes his head out from the pile.  



“Good boy,” Yuuri intones, holding out a loose fist for the dog to sniff.  His voice is gruff from disuse and his cheeks feel numb, too.  The dog barks and knocks Yuuri over to his back.  His tail wags happily as he licks at Yuuri’s face.



“Makkachin,” a man calls out.  The dog stops licking Yuuri’s face immediately.  He sits still atop Yuuri’s torso.



Yuuri slowly turns around to face the man.  The man was silvery grey hair and blue eyes but he doesn’t seem to be a day over thirty years old.  Yuuri stiffens up.  Is this man a Westerner soldier?  Will he be taken to their headquarters and interrogated?



The man smiles.  He says something in a language that Yuuri does not recognise.  The man looks disheartened for a second but he recovers quickly.



“Makkachin,” the man says again, clapping his hands on his thighs.  The dog doesn’t obey the orders from the man,