it wasn’t worth mentioning.”

“Really?  They seemed about as friendly as I’ve ever heard of Plisetsky being in Russia.”

“Huh.  Yuuri didn’t say anything to me about them being friends.  My point remains.”  Of course, Yuuri had been distracted at the time and might have forgotten to mention it.  Maybe he should reconsider his stance on Plisetsky.

 

When Yuuri called to invite Phichit to go to dinner with pretty much everyone else, he asked if Seung Gil could come.  Yuuri was only a little surprised, and even that was about Seung Gil being in Barcelona than Phichit wanting to bring him.  “If he wants to come, sure, bring him along.”  Seung Gil just shrugged, so Phichit accepted the invitation.

“Last year’s banquet sounds like it was fun.  I wish I’d been there,” Seung Gil said as they walked back to the hotel.  Phichit was still reeling from Yuuri’s engagement and the revelation of the banquet, but he definitely agreed with Seung Gil’s assessment.  “I hope you have fun with this year’s.”

“Come with me!” Phichit blurted out before he could think.

Seung Gil raised an eyebrow at him.  “I’m just here, remember?  Not here to skate?  I’m not invited.”

“You are now!  Skaters are allowed to bring dates.  Come with me.  That way if something cool happens this year too, you’ll be there.”

“You’re okay with that?”

Phichit made a rude noise.  “Seung Gil.  Would I have invited you if it was gonna bother me to show up somewhere with you?”

Seung Gil shrugged.  “It could happen.  Misguided pity or something.  Sure, I’ll go.”

“Yay!  I hope it’s not boring.”

 

The banquet certainly started off boring enough.  Blah blah congratulations on making the Finals, it’s good to see someone from a new country here, the same conversation over and over again with a few differing in that they greeted Seung Gil and wished him luck on returning as a competitor next year.  Yuuri showed no sign of even touching the champagne, despite Chris and Viktor’s best efforts, so Phichit headed over.  “Yuuri, why aren’t you drinking?”

“Last year I made a fool out of myself.”

“Last year you landed yourself a fiancé and a new coach.”

“And wouldn’t Viktor be mad if I did it again?”  Yuuri looked over to where Seung Gil had been cornered by the Crispinos and was looking very uncomfortable.  “What’s the story there?  Are you two dating?  Is that why he came to Barcelona?”

“No.  Come on, Yuuri, it’s Seung Gil.  He doesn’t date."  Which Phichit was beginning to consider a bit of a shame.  He'd had a good time hanging out with Seung Gil this week.  "I invited him so that he wouldn’t miss it if the banquet turned out to be as fun as last year’s apparently was.”

“Uh-huh."  Yuuri glared at Phichit.  "You’re not getting me drunk.  Go rescue your friend from the Crispinos.”

“Come on, three out of six Finalists say you should!”

“Funny, because the gold and silver medalists both say I shouldn’t.”  Yuuri shoved Phichit toward the Crispinos.  “Wait, who’s the third?”

Phichit turned back after catching his balance.  “Otabek.  He’d love to see you challenge Yuri to a dance contest again.  JJ probably doesn’t care one way or the other.”

“Oh my god.  Go away.  Go get Seung Gil out of the mess you left him in.”

Phichit headed off, shaking his head.  “I tried, Seung Gil.  Hi, Sara, Michele.  Congratulations, Sara, you did really well.”

“Thank you!  So did you.  Seung Gil was just saying he came as your date?”

“Kinda hoping for Drunk Yuuri to make a repeat appearance, but Yuuri’s being stubborn about it.  You two were here last year, right?”

“Right.”  Sara smiled at Seung Gil.  “I’m glad you came this year!”

Seung Gil stared at Sara for a moment and then turned and walked off.  Phichit stared after him in surprise, along with the Crispinos.  “I should go… check on him?” Phichit eventually said, heading off after him.  “Seung Gil, wha… huh?”  Seung Gil had a bottle of champagne in one hand and the cork in the other.  He was probably a quarter of the way through the bottle already.  “What are you doing?”

“Avoiding Sara.”

“Or getting drunk enough to say yes when she hits on you again?”

Seung Gil shrugged.  “That won’t happen.”

“Her hitting on you, or you saying yes?”

“Me saying yes.  I’m hoping Michele keeps her from hitting on me again too, but there isn’t enough alcohol to get me to accept a woman flirting with me.”

“Oh