– he wouldn’t medal, but he hadn’t expected to – he got changed and went to find Anya.  He found her.  Hiding in a corner with her clothes half off with some other guy in a similar state.  Anya met his eyes and didn’t even have the grace to look embarrassed or apologetic.

Georgi left.  He had no idea where he was headed.  He wasn’t paying attention to where he was going, either.  When he bumped into someone, he looked up.  Christophe took one look at him and took his hand to lead him to another secluded corner, where he made Georgi sit on the floor leaning on Chris’s shoulder.  “It happened?”

“She cheated.  I don’t even know if it’s her soulmate, but she could have at least told me.”

“After all this time?  I wonder why now?”

Georgi shook his head.  “I don’t know.  She never really told me anything about him.  Maybe he was dating someone else, and that ended?”

“That would be a rather amusingly long chain of breakups.”

“I know.  It’s just easier to think that than to wonder if she’s been cheating on me this whole time.”

Chris kissed the top of Georgi’s head.  “I’m so sorry.”

“Do you… are you seeing anyone at the moment?”

“No.  Good timing, I suppose… things with Stefan fell apart a few days ago.”

“I’m sorry to hear that.”  He'd never minded watching Christophe date someone else, and Georgi didn't see any reason to change that just because he'd lost Anya.  For all he knew, Christophe hadn't come to talk to him because he didn't want to be tied down.

Chris shrugged.  “It was going to happen eventually.  I know you truly loved Anya, but all of mine have been good times that were never meant to last.  Killing time waiting for a younger soulmate, revenge on someone for cheating, rebound after someone’s lost their soulmate or their love.  There were a couple times where Viktor nearly killed me.”

“Viktor and I used to be pretty good friends, but since you turned eighteen, he’s been distant.  I think he hates me now, just deals with me because we’re rinkmates.”

“Well he can get over it.  I never minded.”

“Thank you for being here for me.  This was never fair to you.”

“Yes it was.  I’ve been having a lot of fun.  Once you’ve had time to process and work through this, if I don’t get to be first in line, then you’re not being fair.”

“Why not now?”

“Because I’ve been a rebound and a revenge fuck.  Neither of those ever lasts more than a few weeks.  Which was perfect with them, but not with you.  If you want one, I can point you at a couple good candidates.  Do you know Emily Landon?”

“The British ladies’ skater?”

“Yeah.  Her soulmate is… fifteen now?  Can’t speak personally to whether she’s any good in bed, but she’s a sweet girl and everyone I’ve talked to says she’s great.  I know she’s not dating anyone, as of when I talked to her last night at the bar.”

“Is there a reason you’re recommending her over someone you can talk about from personal experience?”  Not that Georgi intended to do anything anyway, but he was curious.

Chris shrugged.  “I’ve only ever been with guys.”

Georgi sat up, staring at Chris to try to figure out if he was serious.  “Christophe, you’re my soulmate.  Last I checked, you’re a guy.”

“Something you were definitely not comfortable with seven years ago.  Has that changed?”

Huh.  Now that Chris mentioned it… “Yes, it has.  Well, sort of.  I mean… you… but I don’t know about…”

“See?  That’s why.”

“It’s appreciated, but… I don’t think it will help me.  I just need to work through this on my own.”

“Fair enough.  I’m here if you need a friendly shoulder or ear.”

 

Working through it meant pouring everything he was feeling into his program for the next season.  Georgi ignored Viktor’s taunting – Viktor was very upset about missing another season, and while channeling his desire to skate into coaching Yuuri for the season was helping, it was clear that he wanted to be on the ice himself.

At the Cup of China, skating against Yuuri, Chris, and some kids, Georgi’s short program went very well.  Afterwards, he and Chris met up to talk over drinks.  Chris had a warning for him.  “I don’t know what she’s doing, but Anya’s here.  I know she’s not here to compete, but she was in