the sheer happiness of being in the arms of her most beloved, that’s why. It’s kind of odd how the chemicals in our brain work, is it not?

Mila pondered about the times of heartbreak, back in the past she didn’t want to talk about them, but now she laughed every time someone gave them a mention. None of them were worth it. None of their kisses, she assured, were worth her smiles. 

Was Sara worth it? 


You should know the answer already.


They continued they previously did, and as Mila promised, in-between giggles had to take place. The soothing touches of palms on skin, soft breaths mingling, kisses upon kisses on lips and low chuckles in a dim living room, accompanied by melancholy music – though seems like a scene that birthed from old romance movies, they were real and true and they felt it. The intimacy of the night was almost unexplainable. 

“Instead of making out on the couch, shouldn’t we get to bed?” Sara pulled back all of the sudden and inquired. 

“Yeah, this place is pretty uncomfortable.”

“No—I mean sleep.”

“Are you too sleepy?” Mila landed a kiss on the crown of her head, tender and so full of love.

“Just a little. I had too much coffee, anyway.”

“Well, then,” she stood up and stretched, causing the unsuspecting Sara to plop down from Mila’s shoulder to a cushion, muttering a quiet yelp. “Have you ever tried baking?” 

“Not even once.”

A few glances were enough for both of them to rush into their kitchen. 

“Our oven is useless. It’s time for us to finally put it to some use.” Mila said as she cleaned the dusty oven. They actually didn’t have any need of it, but it was a gift from Mila’s mother, so they decided to keep it. 

“That’s true. But it won’t be useful for today if we don’t have the ingredients to bake.”

“Sara, honey, we’re already in our aprons, so available or not, we’re still making something. And—“ the refrigerator door flew open “—your wife always knows what’s inside. We can make brownies.”

“You truly are amazing.”

“Tell me what to fetch.”

“Well—the essentials—sugar, butter, flour, eggs, and, um, vanilla extract. Have you got that?” she spoke hurriedly, copying what was written on an online recipe.

“Certainly.”

“Why in the world would you have vanilla extract?” 

Mila walked towards the kitchen counter and put down all the things Sara had mentioned, except for the vanilla. 

“Don’t complain,” she said in a fake serious tone, bumping the small bottle against Sara’s nose. “This is what I use to make your favorite pancakes.”

“Ah.” 

Mila was an outright witch, Sara thought. Right there, at that moment, she had put her under a spell for an inexplicable reason. Mila has always been nonchalantly aggressive. A beautiful, mind-twisting woman that got Sara stoned on her place. 

But Mila couldn’t be a real witch. Sara was just way too in love.

“Anything else?” the enchantress broke her own hex.

“Chocolate. And chocolate chip, if any.”

“Yes, sure, but no chocolate chip. Is that fine”

“All right. That shouldn’t be a trouble.”

“What’s next, Chef?” Mila stood with her hands on hips, eyes as big as a doe’s and both eyebrows raised.

“Do you have a baking tin?”

“I think it was with the oven…is this it?” she held up the metal.

“I suppose so. Well, you should pre-heat the oven to 180 degree Celsius and grease the tin, then melt the chocolate.”

“How do you do that?”

“No idea.”

They looked at each other, understanding on how inexperienced they were. They couldn’t even operate the oven. And, even if they could, they knew that they were afraid of technical issues that might set it on fire. 

“Uhh…then, I’ll read the guidebook.”

Sara boiled water and began to break the bars into small pieces with great effort, since it was still cold and hard as a stone. Mila, in the other hand, flipped through the guidebook with her head tilted while observing the oven every once in a while. 

“Sara, I get it now.”

“Nice. We need the eggs now.”

“How many?”

“Two.”

“Beat up,” she shoved her the two eggs.

“You can mix the butter and sugar together.”

“How much?”

“Just—use your feelings. Also, add one teaspoon of vanilla into the chocolate when it’s liquid.”

“Got it, Chef.”

Unfortunately, Sara wasn’t so skilled when it came to cracking eggs. Half of the first one made it to her