when Yuuri first talked to you about it…”

“Yes, but that was before I knew you’d cast Yuri Plisetsky as Artem.”

Yuri glared at Viktor.  “Well if I’d known they were going after you for Pavel, I wouldn’t have taken the role.  UGH.”

“Your agent didn’t think there’d be a problem with the two of you.  Neither of you mentioned a problem.  Yuuri says the two of you hang out all the time, that you’re friends.  So please, enlighten me.  Why shouldn’t you two be cast like this?”

“I mentioned a problem.  I mentioned a problem every single day from the moment I found out you’d cast Yuri!”

“Not to me.”

“Excuse me for trusting my husband to pass along my concern to his best friend.”  He looked around the set for Yuuri.

Yuuri rolled his eyes.  “Vitya, you can do this.  You and Yuri both can do this, and everyone but the two of you thinks it’s amazing.  Yakov was practically drooling when Phichit talked to him.”

“Yakov is an idiot sometimes,” Yuri snarled.  “If it weren’t for Grandpa, I’d have walked off this project the second you told me I was working against Viktor.  I have no idea how we’re going to get through the sex scene, because I guarantee, you put the two of us in a bed with our clothes off, all you’re going to get is awkwardness.”

“You hate JJ.  You had no problem being in a bed with him with your clothes off,” Phichit said.  “You somehow managed to make that way hotter than I’d intended.”

Yuri scoffed.  “I hate JJ, yeah.  He’s an arrogant jackass who thinks he’s way better than he actually is.  I’m an actor, Phichit, I can work with that, especially given the context of the scene where Artem hates Ruslan anyway and is just using him to try to get Pavel to give up and go!”

Viktor grinned.  “And it doesn’t hurt that with the lights down and the haircut, he kind of looks a little like…”

“Finish that sentence and I will end you with my knife shoes, old man.  I will go get knives and strap them to my shoes so that I can end you with them.”

“Of course you will, kitten.”  Viktor patted Yuri’s head.

Phichit looked over at the bed.  “Is JJ actually asleep over there?”

“No, although I don’t snore and Ruslan is sleeping throughout this entire fight so I might as well be.  I’m just ignoring the fight because I don’t have anything to do with it.  It’s a bit late to replace Yuri or Viktor at this point, unless we want to reshoot half the movie.  I’m just hoping we can get this settled, I’m supposed to take Isabella out for dinner tonight for our anniversary and she’s going to be mad if I’m late.  So if the so-called Living Legend can remember that he’s supposed to be an actor instead of just a drama queen, can we get on with it?”

Viktor got in Yuuri’s way.  “Forget it, love.  JJ’s just frustrated with how long this is taking.”

“Just like the rest of us,” Yuri grumbled.  “Yuuri, JJ’s an asshole.  You know that.  No one cares what he thinks of Viktor.”

“Especially when he’s right.”  Viktor rubbed his forehead.  “I said I would do this.  I can do this.  I’m sorry I’m being so difficult.”  He took a deep breath and went back to his mark.  “Phichit?  Where do you want us to start?”

“No.  You said you’d been telling Yuuri you had a problem with this, Yuuri never told me anything about a problem.  I think I deserve to know what the problem is, seeing as I’m trying to make a movie.  If I know about it, maybe I can do something to help you work around it.”

Yuri burst into laughter.  “You really can’t, but your funeral, I guess.”

“He’s right.  There’s not really anything you can do about it.”

“Does this have something to do with Yuuri?”

“Not at all.  Yuuri knows this is all just acting, and he comes with me to sets all the time when I’m doing love scenes.  It’s because it’s Yuri.”

Phichit looked completely baffled.  “You have a problem with Yuri?”

Yuri kicked Viktor’s ankle.  “I don’t know how you don’t know this, with Yuuri being Viktor’s husband and fanboy and all, but Viktor’s kind of like my father.  Except that my father is an asshole who abandoned my mom when she got pregnant and only showed back up years later, just to prove that he was a bigger