still couldn't believe his luck. It'd been almost a year and Viktor still acted like this. So smitten, so kind, sweet and gentle. Firm when he needs to be, but is really a giant marshmallow. Pretty much one of Yuri's best friends.


What if he gets tired of me?



No, don't think that way, Yuri! Why would Viktor come all this way if he didn't care?


He shook his head. He didn't want any negative thoughts intruding on his time with Viktor. This was such a sweet moment. So, he did his best to push them out.

Yuri continued watching Viktor's slumber. He looked absolutely radiant, almost edible. Yuri wanted to do something about the urge in his chest, the urge to touch him but he didn't know what.


I can't believe he's here...In bed with me. Not in a million years would I ever thought I'd be this close to Viktor Nikiforov. This guy is a figure skating God and world champion. Everyone loves him and wants to be near him. For years he was so untouchable to me... but...now...


Yuri slowly reached his hand out to touch Viktor's lips. He wasn't sure what he was doing but for an unknown reason, he just needed to touch them. Yuri's heart began to speed up once he thought of kissing him. Viktor was still sound asleep, and the more Yuri thought about it, the more he wanted to do it, until he couldn't take it anymore and his hormones got the best of him.

He gently pressed his lips against Viktor's. After he didn't budge, Yuri pressed firmer. Viktor's lips were soft and velvety and soon Yuri felt a little needy.


I want more. What do I do?


Viktor still didn't move a muscle, looking angelic as he slept, and Yuri felt guilty for doing this, but he couldn't help himself. As motionless as he could, he slid his body closer to fill the gap in between them. Then, he gently brushed Viktor's hair out of his face and from there Yuri could see all of him. His fair pale skin that was no doubt due to the cold, but still as soft looking as ever. So perfectly handsome and Yuri wanted Viktor to know how much he liked the view.

He kissed him again. This time deeper. Yuri had to swallow a moan when he could get his tongue a little bit inside of Viktor's mouth. It felt so incredibly warm in there, Yuri didn't even think to stop himself from taking more and more. At this point, Viktor was beginning to stir a little, only Yuri didn't realize it until—

"It's becoming too much to hold back...isn't it?"

Shit, shit, shit—

He'd went too far. And before Yuri could realize it, Viktor was already awake. A split second later, he was on top of him. "Mmm, if you wanted to kiss me, you should've just said so, Yuri."

"No, no wait, I was just—"

"Or do you want more?"

Yuri's last hope was to gasp out but he was cut off by Viktor's lips before he could say anything. He swore Viktor was literally trying to eat him because his tongue was so deep in Yuri's mouth, he tasted the rest of the alcohol that was on his breath. For some reason, it was more intoxicating than anything. Yuri opened his eyes for a second and saw that Viktor's was closed and he was so into what he was doing: slipping his tongue in and out of Yuri's mouth, humming and sometimes groaning. That sound made Yuri feel even more aroused, because he wondered what else Viktor wanted to do with him; what other thoughts or ideas crossed his mind, because Yuri was beyond not wanting to stop at that point.

They broke their kiss temporarily to come up for air, pressing their foreheads together and Viktor's cheeks were a feverish red. Viktor moved to Yuri's side as Yuri rubbed the back of his head and tangled with his soft hair. And then he noticed Viktor's face. He looked hungry, desperate and before long, his lips were pressed against Yuri's once more.

He couldn't get enough of his taste. Yuri's tongue was a mouthful of flavors, at least in Viktor's mind and he couldn't help but start to grope Yuri everywhere he could touch him. With Yuri fully clothed still, it wasn't much he could do until he took his clothes off.

And that he did.

"Vik—Viktor…" Yuri breathed and gasped when he felt a hand unbutton his pants and went in to feel the bulge underneath. He leaned his head back and moaned when Viktor squeezed it a little bit and not long after that did Yuri want more.

He elected to grab Viktor