time.  He’s got the power – he could be doing quads now.  I haven’t even started letting him try, because most of his triples are still either shaky or hit-or-miss.  He won’t need them until he’s a senior, no point in adding the stress to his body or his mind until then.  He’s not even eligible for another year, and I doubt he’ll want to make the jump right away.”

“Sensible.  I didn’t start doing quads until I was preparing for my senior debut.”

“What are you going to do about the payment issue?  He hates the idea of asking for too much from his parents, and a coach like Yakov doesn’t come cheap.”

“Typically, Yakov will give a new skater up to six months to build up sponsorships.  Given Yuuri’s unique circumstances – some of the sponsors Yakov usually works with wouldn’t sponsor a skater who’s not Russian – he’ll probably give him longer if he needs it.  Worst-case scenario, I’ll sponsor him myself.”

“He’ll get a lot of interest from sponsors here in Japan.  He already is.  That should help make up for the Russians.”

“Quite likely.”

“Anyway. You probably want to get on the ice yourself, don’t you?  I’m not going to presume to coach you, but go on.”

Yakov checks in with Viktor.

That afternoon, Viktor stepped off the ice when his phone rang.  “Hello, Yakov!”

“Vitya.  You sound out of breath.  What’s going on?”

“I’m skating with Yuuri and his rinkmates.  I helped Yuuri get more consistent with his triple flip, and he helped me figure out what I was doing wrong in my step sequence, that transition I was having trouble with.”

“Good to hear.  I watched those videos you emailed me from this morning.  What do you think?”

“Do you honestly think there’s a chance I say anything but that I think you should come out here?”

Yakov huffed.  “I did think there was a chance you’d just tell me you were bringing him with you when you came back.  You’re a bit impulsive sometimes.”

“Only sometimes?  Wow!  I must be growing up!”

Viktor heard the dull thump of Yakov's face meeting his palm.  “Very important question, one you didn’t include in your email, Vitya.  What languages does he speak?”

“Japanese and English, and a little bit of French.  Yes, you will be able to talk to him.”

“Can I?”

“Hang on a minute.”  Viktor checked with Nishigori, and then waved Yuuri over to the side of the rink.  “My coach wants to talk to you.”

Viktor tried not to listen in too much as Yuuri spoke to Yakov, but he overheard a few things.  Yuuri talking about Minako, telling Yakov which jumps he was confident in.  Viktor had to laugh at one thing Yuuri said: “Yes, sir, Viktor has been very polite.”  Apparently Yakov didn’t believe it, as Yuuri had to add, “How would I know?  You’ll have to ask him, but I don’t think he’d tell you if he’s an impersonator…”

Yuuri handed the phone to Nishigori and skated back out to Viktor.  “Your coach doesn’t believe me that you’re behaving yourself.”

“I’m not surprised.  I’m hardly a model skater.  He swears half the hair he’s lost has been because of me.”

“Really?”

“I talk back to him, don’t always listen when he tells me to do something – or more often, when he tells me not to.  I sneak out during competitions to go have some fun in a strange city.  I’m irresponsible and headstrong.  He was honestly afraid that I’d skip my free skate at Nationals to come find you.”

Yuuri stared at Viktor, mouth hanging open.  “They never say anything like that in the articles!”

Of course they didn't.  “Like I said, the Viktor you know is very carefully crafted.  I'm supposed to be a national hero.  No one wants to hear what I'm really like, they want to hear that I'm what they expect me to be.  I’m good at interviews, at charming sponsors, but off the ice and away from the cameras, I’m not the... what are they calling me now?  Playboy?”

“How do you do it?  That sounds exhausting!”

Viktor winked.  “Less exhausting than spending all day at the rink or a ballet studio!  I don’t know how you do what you do.”

“I don’t spend all day at the rink or studio!  I have school, and I take days off.  I like going to the ocean, when it’s warm enough.”

Nishigori waved Viktor over and handed him back the phone.  Viktor had barely gotten it to