my Pet.


He starts, the clarity of that sudden thought hitting him hard, almost as though it were a memory.

What? A man like that, as his Pet? In his dreams, maybe. And that must be it. He must have seen this man in his dreams, a face picked from the crowd the last time he'd been here. Yes, actually, that's exactly it. No wonder he had seemed so familiar. This man had spoken to him last time at the bar, and Yuuri had hurried away without more than a one-word answer. Why hadn't he remembered that until just now? Most of that night had been hazy, but he can't imagine anything in this world that'd cause him to forget eyes like those, so blue and so sultry and so focused on him. And only him.

Only him.

He's waiting for me, Yuuri realizes, hand clutching at his chest. Idiot. The man is in the bathroom. Waiting. He'd even said which stall. He's waiting. Why?


You know why.


Yuuri sits on the sofa a little while longer, the blare of the club's music fading to background noise around him as he stares blankly ahead, mind racing. After some time, he stands, and his path to the bathroom is so devoid of obstruction or distraction that he wonders if he's been blessed, a chosen man on a mission.

This club doesn't seem to have hired bathroom attendants, and Yuuri counts that as another blessing. The fact that the bathroom is also mercifully empty also makes him believe that miracles do happen, although he knows that it won't be long until someone is bound to enter. He has to act fast. At least, he'd like to, but he's still not entirely sure what the hell he's about to do.

Sure enough, the only stall occupied is the last one. Yuuri approaches it, fighting the stupid urge to knock and awkwardly ask who's there. He wonders if the man knows that he's standing here now. Waiting. They're both waiting. For what?

Yuuri's period of invulnerability from the universe's bullshit is short-lived, because the outer door to the bathroom opens as someone enters. He makes his decision, taking the open stall next to the one he'd been hovering in front of uncertainly. He shuts and locks it quickly, leaning against the door and trembling. God, what the hell is he doing?

The question of what he's doing -- or rather, what he should be doing -- comes in the form of something small shooting into his stall. It plops onto the tiles below with a sound that seems much louder than it should have, and Yuuri freezes to listen to whoever is outside before finally giving the item a closer look.

It's a condom.

He stares at it.

It doesn't disappear when he blinks, nor does it morph into something more innocuous. It's real. It's a condom. And it had been thrown into his stall.

Not thrown, Yuuri realizes, as it hadn't come flying from above. And it hadn't been slid underneath the small gap between their stalls either. It had just been shoved in, seemingly through the wall. When he turns his head to peer at said wall, he realizes why.

There's a hole.

In the stall wall.

The neat ring of black duct tape padding it almost blends into the color of the wall itself, completely escaping Yuuri's notice until now. The hole is about the size of --

He pales, then flushes, his knees going so weak that he flings out a hand to brace himself against the wall before he can collapse. If this had been some sort of cue, he isn't aware of it, and he has to hold himself up with twice the amount of effort when he sees slender fingers slip through the hole to rub along the bottom of it. Gold glimmers in the fluorescent lighting as a tongue flicks through the hole teasingly.

Jesus fucking Christ, Yuuri thinks, eyes snapping back to the condom still on the floor. Fuck. Shit. Fucking shit.

The door to the bathroom opens and shuts again, and Yuuri isn't sure if it's someone exiting or entering, because soon enough all he can hear is the sound of his heart pounding harder in his chest, the blood rushing to his face in a roar as he quickly bends to snatch up the small packet. He stares down at it, the weight of it suddenly heavy in the palm of his hand. 

Be open minded. Be free. Right.

He takes a deep breath, unbuttoning and unzipping his shorts, and with only the slightest bit of hesitation, he reaches down to slip his hand under his briefs. He isn't hard, his nerves completely frayed, but as he closes his eyes and draws out his cock, he has the feeling that it won't take