around.  JJ was a complete ass.  “Or maybe he’s worried he’ll get distracted by how cute you are.”

That did get Otabek to turn around.  He dove at JJ and would have hit him if it weren’t for the timely arrival of Chris.  “HEY!  ALTIN!  NO KILLING TEAMMATES UNTIL WE CAN DRAFT OUR RESERVES!”

“JJ deserves it, Chris!”  But Otabek listened and pulled up, coming in to hover in front of Chris.

Chris got practice started with some basic flying drills, which Otabek found mind-numbing.  After the third time a sharp turn resulted in JJ tangled up with Yuri, Chris whistled them down.  “Is something going on with the two of you?  Do I need to contact Viktor and see if he’s willing to make a trade?”

“No problem, Chris, it’s just Yuri’s first crush and he doesn’t know what to do about it.”  JJ winked at Yuri, who nearly flung himself off his broom.

“If you’re going to trade one of them, trade JJ,” Otabek said.  Yuri stared at Otabek, eyes wide and jaw hanging open.  “I’m not sure how well the Crispinos will handle one of them being an alternate, because two of the slots belong to JJ and his ego.”

Chris snorted.  “All right.  Come on, JJ, take some shots at me while we let these two get familiar with their balls.”

Otabek rolled his eyes and headed for the box containing the Bludgers.  Yuri followed him.  “Is he always that big a dick?”

“Which one, Chris, or JJ?  Chris will make anything sexual if he possibly can.  JJ is…”  Otabek shook his head.  “He’s actually a friend of mine, normally, but he has his days where he is a total asshole.  Today seems to be one of those days.”

“Great.  At least the Hag and her girlfriend and her girlfriend’s brother aren’t entirely terrible.  What’s your deal?”

Otabek tossed one of the Bludgers to Yuri.  “You mean about earlier, when I flew off?”

“Yeah.  JJ had a couple theories, which I’m guessing you heard.”

“I needed some time to collect myself.  I trained in Russia for a while, and you probably don’t remember, but I trained with you at Feltsman’s Academy for a few months.  You’re the reason I switched from Seeker to Beater.  My mom was a Seeker for Kazakhstan, the year we made it into the World Cup, and everyone expected me to follow in her footsteps.  Everyone always thought I was too small to be a Beater, but then I saw what you were doing at Feltsman’s… if you could do it, so could I.  It gave me the confidence to force coaches to give me a chance.”

“I don’t remember that, but the only reason they let me play Beater is that I’m not going to stay small forever.  My dad was taller than Nikiforov and I’m probably going to get there, and while I may not have the build most people would expect, I can pack a lot more muscle on than most people give me credit for.  I’m not a fairy princess.”

“That was JJ, not me.”

“I know.”  Yuri held up the Bludger.  “Start with one and then get the other one going when there’s more traffic to dodge?”

“Sounds good.  And hey, if you want to ‘accidentally’ knock it into JJ’s head?  It’s the first day, your first time in the league… a little nerves are to be expected.”

Yuri chuckled.  “JJ’s not worth it.  Chris is already considering a trade and I wouldn’t want him to decide to trade me to the old man.  As bad as JJ is, being around him and his boyfriend while they’re slobbering all over each other during practice is worse.”

They both turned at a whistle.  “You boys aren’t going to be Beating anything but your own meat if you don’t get your asses in the air and flying in five seconds!” Chris shouted.

Otabek was exhausted by the time Chris called an end to practice.  “Shame the Crispinos aren’t here, but no reason we can’t still have our team bonding night at the bar, right?”

JJ tilted his head to one side, looking Yuri up and down.  “I don’t know, can the ballerina here drink yet?”

“More than you, asshole,” Yuri said.  “Let’s go.”

Otabek was the only one not surprised when Chris turned out to be the lightweight.  JJ and Yuri both expected it to be the other, Chris expected Yuri.  Otabek shook his head at JJ and Chris.  “Didn’t you learn from Nikiforov and Babicheva last year?  Never go up against a Russian in a drinking contest!  It’s right up there with getting into a land war in Asia or going against a