they’ve done this their whole lives.

“I like the way you explain things, Chris,” Victor says as he pulls his legs up onto the couch and leans on Chris’s shoulder. They stay like this until it’s time to get ready for dinner.

 

********

 

They chat for a while, never running out of things to say. There’s couples all around them. It is Valentine’s Day after all. Two couples have already gotten engaged and they’ve only been there 40 minutes.

The champagne is good. Chris kind of wishes he was drinking something stronger but he supposes that this is probably better, he can think better if he’s less drunk.

They’ve just ordered dessert when Chris begins to get anxious. Victor hasn’t said anything about the reason he’s here.

The green-eyed man is about to speak when Victor sighs.

“What is it?”

“Oh nothing,” Victor sighs again. “It’s just that I’ve been rather lonely lately.” Chris’s breath hitches but he tries to keep a calm demeanor.

“Is that so? What do you want me to do about it?” Chris leans towards Victor, elbows on the table and hands laced under his chin.

Victor kisses him, and it’s so soft that Chris almost misses the way the older man’s bottom lip quivers.

He waits for Victor to elaborate, but after a few moments of silence, he realizes that Victor isn’t going to explain.

“What do you want from me, Victor?” Chris asks, removing his elbows from the table and palming the ring box in his pants pocket.

“I want you to be there for me,” he replies almost immediately.

“You’re gonna have to give me more than that.” Chris is growing frustrated.

Victor takes a pause, darting his eyes around the room, as if searching for an answer.

“I don’t want this,” Victor says, motioning towards the happy couples that surrounded them. “I don’t want our dynamic to change. I want us to stay the same. I just don’t want to ruin it.”

But Victor knows that he just did. He can tell by the look in Chris’s eyes. It’s one of utter desperation, pining, longing for companionship.

The look is gone as quickly as it came, though, and Chris turns back into the man he knows Victor wants, which turns out to be nothing more than a vessel for pleasure.

They leave the restaurant, fuck like animals in the guest bedroom, and sleep in the same bed, clinging to each other, holding on for dear life because they know this might be the last time they ever do this again.

 

********

 

Chris takes the ring back to the store and the jeweler pities him.

He hasn’t heard from Victor since he left on the 16th of February. It’s June now and he’s in the middle of training for his upcoming season. This will be the year that Chris will win, he just knows it. He has to.

He thinks about Victor at least once a day, usually more. Much more. Chris doesn’t know if he’ll ever get over Victor; he’s honestly not sure if he wants to. No, he wants to. He wants to wake up without reaching for a man that’s not there. He wants to stop getting excited whenever someone messages him, hoping it’s Victor, only to have his heart sink again. He wants to clear his mind of what they could be, what he wants them to be, what he wishes they were.

He often wonders why he wasn’t enough for Victor. These thoughts are pointless, though, and he usually punctuates them with a glass of wine.

 

********

 

Chris earned silver at the GPF this year. He’s happy to have been able to stand on the ice with Victor again, even if Victor was the one in the middle.

The party is tonight. Chris loves parties. Maybe Victor will change his mind about things. Chris quickly dismisses this thought, forcing himself not to get his hopes up for something he knows won’t happen.

 

********

 

The party is fairly normal, that is, until the skater from Japan that came in 6th gets wasted and challenges a young skater from Russia to a dance battle. Shortly after the Russian realizes that he’s outmatched and ends the battle, the Japanese man saunters over to Chris and Victor who have been laughing together about how hammered this man is. He challenges Chris to a dance battle too.

“Okay, but I get to pick what we do,” Chris answers, eyeing that pole in the middle of the room.

They strip and grope each other on the pole and Chris has been thinking about Victor since he go up there.

When they’re done, though, Yuuri climbs onto Victor and humps his leg, begging him to come to his family’s hotspring. Chris is too drunk to see the look in Victor’s eyes