s hopeless right now. Anyways, he will have to cram and write hastily last minute, like he always has done since the beginning of college. Everyone always say students should pick up better habits by their third and fourth year. This third year in his spring semester? Nah.



A grumbling noise emits from his stomach. Yuuri holds a hand to it, and remembers that he had not eaten since breakfast. Which is technically yesterday’s morning. Well, there is that 7-11 down the block near the apartments. He might as well drop by and pick up a chili dog.



“Hey Yuuri!” says Daniel, the clerk who works the abysmal overnight shift.  Daniel also goes to Wayne State and was in some of the same general ed classes Yuuri had taken in his first year. He doesn’t consider him a friend; merely an acquaintance who now works odd shifts at this 7-11. A lot of times though, he gets free pop on the house from Daniel. He’s not sure 

why

 though, but he won’t ever complain.



Yuuri waves back and heads over to the hot food station. At the next turn of the aisle is the slushie machine. There is someone lying on the floor in a crumple around the machine and sobbing - wow is he really that sleep-deprived he’s seeing things? He ignores and takes a chili dog. A loud gasp comes next. He jerks his head back to the slushie machine and does a double take. There 

is

 someone there. A man who appears older than Yuuri, but definitely not much older, wearing a wrinkled suit, and ashen hair which covers half of his face. The man gawks at him with bright tears over reddened cheeks. Yuuri can tell this man has cried hard, and yet he looks nowhere near a wreck. What on Earth?



“Um,” Yuuri starts, with too many questions now running in his head. What’s he doing crying? Why didn’t Daniel notice something’s up with a customer? Why a suit in the dead of the night in this area? How is he crying majestically?



“Do you need slushie or what?”



The man in the suit stares at him puzzled, then his mouth forms into an “O”. He still doesn’t talk. Yuuri sighs and takes a mega cup from the stack next to the machine. “Which one?”



He mumbles something unintelligible but then points at his own blue eyes. Yuuri then realizes this stranger is reacting the same way as many other strangers have had in the past. Why he makes so many people uncomfortable to the point they grow speechless lies beyond him. But seriously?



“Blue raspberry?” He pulls down the lever. As the blue raspberry slushie fills the mega cup, the stranger gets up and positions himself to watch over Yuuri’s shoulder. He’s too tired to get bothered by his personal space being invaded. Figuring he might not even know what to do next, Yuuri snaps a lid on and leaves the special straw by its side.



“Is this good enough?” 



“Yes.” The man inspects it with awe. “That was very cool.”



How peculiar. “Well, I’m heading out now.”



Yuuri leaves him behind, poking in the spoon/straw combo and tasting it. He skips the condiments bar and greets Daniel at the counter.



“Dude, you just up and helped that guy with his slushie?” he says.



“Uh, yeah.” Yuuri yawns as he fishes for change. “You did know he was in here, right?”



“Actually hard to miss him. He’s...interesting. After he fell on the floor and I asked after him, he gave me the finger. Like, what the hell?”



Daniel taps his fingers on the counter. Yuuri observes the stranger again, who is slurping the slushie with eyes wide open. “Maybe he’s not from the area at all?”



“Maybe, but even so. 

Hey!

 Can you please come over and pay? Anywhere people come from, they should know to pay in exchange for goods, yes?”



“You don’t have to ask a global studies major…”



The man in black sidles up to the counter, cup in hand and his sleek briefcase in the other. He slams it on the counter and flips the top open. He digs through...papers? Notebooks? Some items Yuuri cannot make out the contents at all. He stops, and puts a finger to his chin in thought.



“I don’t have my allowance,” he whispers.



“Sir,” Daniel says in exasperation. “We can’t let you walk away with a free drink.” (But of course Yuuri is an exception.)



“Um….. Can I pay back after I get allowance?”



“It’s fine.” Yuuri interrupts. He drops down two more bucks after his payment for his chili dog. “Just. I just need to go home now. Night,” he says with a loud yawn. And then he leaves the stranger on his own with Daniel.



The streets were