his knee between Viktor’s legs. 

“No! Yuri—Yuri stop! I’m sorry!”



Viktor pleaded frantically, trying to clamp his legs around the demon’s invasive one to keep the situation from escalating. Yuri hissed at him, frustrated by his mate’s lack of interest in him and his affections. So far, Yuri felt like he'd done his best to provide a comfortable living arrangement for Viktor, allowing him to wander when he felt like it and affording him his own separate room. But now the demon wanted to mark what was his and in his mind, he'd waited more than long enough to claim it. He reached down and pried Viktor’s legs apart once more, this time forcibly wrapping them around his waist so that he could grind his hips into the silverette’s ass. This seemed to catch the angel’s attention and he looked up, shooting Viktor a questioning look.



“You’re sorry…? Why. Tell me why and I’ll make this first mating a lot easier on you.”



Almost immediately, the angel’s eyes flooded with tears when he realized there was no avoiding it now. His body was not his own anymore. He belonged to Yuri, seemingly in both body and soul. Yuri stared down at him, waiting, but deep down he knew this was never what he wanted.



He never wanted to see Viktor cry, but it was all he saw as he fucked the angel slowly with Viktor's legs hooked over his hips. No amount of soothing words whispered in the male's ear calmed him. No amount of holding him gently made the angel hold him in return. Even when Yuri changed position by sitting up, the silverette's arms were limp at his sides and the tear flow from his eyes was constant. The demon held onto him, though. He buried his lips against Viktor's neck, rolling his hips up gently, whispering the only thing that came to mind. 


"I love you."


-	- 

Hours had gone by since their first mating and Yuri was wide awake. The sheets were pooled just below his hips, leaving him mostly exposed while the angel slept beside him, carefully tucked in.



It didn’t negate what he’d done to Viktor, though. The angel cried the entire time they had sex up until he fell asleep many hours later. While he hadn’t necessarily been gentle with the male, Yuri went far easier on him than he planned on doing. Every part of his demonic being wanted Viktor all to himself, every piece and inch of flesh was his to touch and claim over and over again. Yuri wanted—needed, actually—for Viktor to know who he belonged to. Still, Yuri couldn’t get over how upset he was with himself for driving Viktor to tears.



It wasn’t what was supposed to have happened and loathed himself for it. He loathed himself for making Viktor cry and for being weak enough to let it affect him. He was still a demon and the crown prince of Hell; he wasn’t supposed to be susceptible to a mortal feeling like guilt. He wasn’t even supposed to feel love, but here he was in bed with Viktor, staring down at him with all of the regret and shame in the world.



He could not allow it.

-	- 

“God! No more—please! Please! Help me God--!”



Viktor screamed his murder loudly, eyes cloudy with tears and pain. There was blood almost everywhere, pooled under him and splattered on the walls around him.



“One more, Viktor.”



The angel sobbed in a way that could only accurately be described as heart-wrenching. He would have curled up, but the pain in his back throbbed and reached his entire body, rendering him incapable of movement. The tears were pouring down his cheeks and pooling on the stone floor almost as quickly as the blood poured from his back.



He just wanted it to end.



Yuri stood above him, foot firm against the silverette’s spine as his hand found the base of Viktor’s remaining wing. He yanked with minimal strength and it came free with another break of bone and feathers and Viktor screamed. He kept screaming until his throat was raw and his body was reduced to violent shudders.



With no time to recover, he found himself being carried inside by the same demon who reduced him to nothing and Viktor simply hung in his arms, tears thick at his waterline. Yuri took him to the bath and lowered the sad creature into the water, watching the writhing form in his arms intently. Viktor clung to him as if he were afraid of being set in the water to drown and something about it made the demon’s chest feel warm. He cooed softly to the angel, told him how good he was being, and promised that the pain would go away soon enough. Viktor responded in shudders but clung to Yuri nonetheless because if he didn’t, he would drown in himself.



Yuri could tell that Viktor didn’t believe him.



Yuri wasn’t sure that