intertwined to form a single coexistence.

When the row of houses transcend into fading blue railings, he stops and stares far out the sea, listening to the waves lapping against mossy concrete, like music to his ears.

He chooses to settle down on a bricked structure by the shore, where the tides leap and crash below him. There's the occasional splash that douses his feet with chilling water before rushing back to join the ocean. He allows his gaze to wander, tracing the stream back to the horizon, to some place far and unreachable - even to the hands of time. A place that Yuri wishes he can go to right now.

The beach is a frequent haunt of his; he visits whenever life gets too much or if he just needs a quiet place to sort his mind. The distant cries of seagulls and the saltiness on his lips ease the tension in his jaw, throbbing and aching from all the crying earlier.

It comes out of nowhere and nearly gives Yuri a heart attack. One moment he’s earnestly going through his scrapbook in hopes of finding new information, the next he feels a furry weight coming from the side, tackling him to the ground in one great leap.

His bewildered self tries to make sense of the situation, enduring the affectionate licks and heavy paws on his chest as he wipes his glasses clean against his shirt, fumbling to put them back on. After a one-sided struggle, he manages to sit up and registers the brown poodle that’s perched eagerly on his lap, wagging its tail back and forth as if it’s thrilled to see him.

“Vicchan?” The name leaves him unconsciously, still puzzled over its sudden appearance and the fact that this dog is a spitting image to the one he lost so long ago.

He reaches out to pat its head, soft fur combing through his fingers as it nuzzles fondly into his touch, trying to squeeze its large bottom onto his lap. It licks him on the cheek again, making Yuri crack a small smile.


"Makkachin!"


A voice carries over in the distance, a voice - that for some reason – has him looking around, searching, like a biological reaction, almost as if it had called out his name instead.

The poodle breaks free from his grip, bounding back to a man on the other side of the stone structure in the midst of leaning his maroon bike against a tree. His knees bend as it leaps into his arms, chiding it for running off again when he wasn't looking though his expression is gentle and fond, just like how it is when he meets Yuri's gaze later on.

Brown wavering eyes reflect on clear blue ones, like the blazing sun dipping into the cool waters far off in the horizon. There’s calmness in the man’s tall stature, clad in an oversized hoodie and fading grey track pants. His silvery hair billowing in the wind suggests that he's definitely foreign, as if his strikingly blue eyes weren't evidenct enough. Yuri doesn't recall seeing anyone like him in his scrapbook either. 

The man doesn’t say anything, only staring at Yuri with a thoughtful expression, as if waiting for something to happen.

Whatever it is he's expecting though clearly doesn't come as he soon lets go of a wispy sigh, gaze falling in faint reminiscence of disappointment and something else that Yuri can't quite make out.

Without much hesitation, he starts making his way up to him, faithful poodle lagging behind. Yuri promptly looks away, not wanting to attract unwanted attention though it proves useless when he hears the stranger's voice floating up from behind.

“Nice to meet you. I’m Viktor."

He holds a hand out, lips curved in a friendly smile that is almost too natural to rekindle.

But Yuri is speechless, pupils dilating to resemble saucers.

His voice. He doesn't comprehend his voice. It's new, certainly, but he can't recall where he's heard it before - if ever. It just hangs in the silence, waiting to be acknowledged by something, anything in his head but alas, he's clueless.

His gaze flicks uncertainly over that warm smile, glittering blue orbs and soft, pale skin, feeling something familiar stir in his heart. 

He doesn't take his hand, fingers frozen to his side, refusing to budge no matter how hard he tries. There's an aching reminder at the back of his mind that he should be remembering something. Something important.

Mistaking his silence for anger, the man draws back his hand sheepishly, swallowing the lump in his throat.

“I’m really sorry for what happened earlier. My dog gets real riled up when he sees someone he likes, you're not hurt I hope?" 

After a long pause, with the blue eyed stranger growing increasingly embarrassed by his silence, Yuri’s senses return and it dawns on him how rude he's being to this poor man.

"Oh I-I'm fine. Sorry, I didn't mean to put you