êtes dangereux?”

Viktor laughs, then turns back to Yuuri.


“Tu me fais bander.”


“T-Tu me fais bander,”  Yuuri breathes, still panting slightly. Viktor leans in to press his lips to Yuuri’s ear.

“Oh? Tu m'excites,” he purrs.

Yuuri tries to muffle his moan. But he can’t muffle his gasp when Viktor’s lips trail to his neck, his hands slipping under his shirt and wandering down his chest. Yuuri doesn’t realize that Christophe has moved in until he hears him whisper into his other ear.

“Tu me rends fou. Repeat.”

“T-tu me- oh,” he moans again as Christophe’s lips press against the other side of his neck, “-m-me rends fou?”

“Ma belle.” Christophe's breath against his ear sends shivers down his spine. 

Viktor pauses and presses a soft kiss against Yuuri’s cheek. “Are you alright, Yuuri?”

“Y-yes,” he gasps, trembling. Viktor looks relieved, and he pecks his cheek again. He gently pulls Yuuri's shirt up and off, and now his mouth moves to press against his ear.

“Now this: Tu veux me branler?”

“Tu veux me branler?” Yuuri has been wondering what he must be saying, but at this point he doesn’t really care. Viktor laughs as his fingers trail to the front of Yuuri’s boxers, rubbing him slowly.

“Oui," he says as his fingers now slip under the waistband, stroking Yuuri’s hardening cock. Yuuri’s hips jerk, and he cries out in surprise.

“V-viktor! O-oh,” he groans. He throws his head back and feels Christophe’s lips against his throat. His hand trails down to meet Viktor’s, and they both stroke him now, slowly, in unison, then both pull away to ghost their fingertips along his cock, pausing to brush their thumbs over the head. Yuuri’s moaning grows louder, but suddenly breaks off as both men draw their hands away completely. Yuuri makes a strained noise, breathing hard.

They’re at his neck again, kissing softly, and Christophe pulls back to look down on him now, eyes half-lidded, his long lashes fluttering at him. He runs a hand down Yuuri’s face and presses his thumb down against Yuuri’s bottom lip. He licks his own.

“Yuuri. Suce-moi.”

“Suce-moi.”  Yuuri whimpers. He barely registers that Christophe has dropped down and tugged down his boxers until he feels his tongue slide up and down his cock. “O-oh god!” He cries out, and cries out louder when Christophe takes him into his mouth completely. He bucks his hips, driving further into his mouth, and he feels Christophe moan around his cock, his tongue doing something that Yuuri can’t describe, as his mind goes blank when Viktor drops down as well, licking him, and now Christophe withdraws, pressing his lips against Yuuri’s cock, both he and Viktor licking, kissing, taking turns sucking the head, and Yuuri nearly screams.

Viktor looks up at him, looking so very innocent, and says, “Repeat this: Doigte-moi.” 

“Doigte-moi,”  Yuuri moans, and Christophe pulls away to grab something from inside one of the drawers beside the bed. 

Viktor scowls at him. “Tu savais où c'était rangé?”

Christophe laughs, tossing the small bottle to him. “Tu es prévisible, mon ami.” He falls upon Yuuri again, kissing him from his navel downwards, his lips finding his cock once more. Yuuri shudders, closing his eyes, but they open again in shock as he feels a slick finger slide into him. He gasps, squirming, and Viktor leans down to kiss him deeply as he slides his finger in and out of him.

Yuuri breaks their kiss, panting hard. “Fuck,” he hisses, and cries out as Viktor slips in another finger, “oh- oh god!” Christophe’s mouth is still working hard on his cock, and Yuuri doesn’t think he can take this much longer.

Viktor grabs him by the chin, making Yuuri look him in the eyes. Yuuri stares up into stormy skies; a blue so darkened and hazed that Yuuri's breath catches in his throat as he braces himself for the torrent.

“Yuuri..." Viktor’s voice is husky, so low that it’s nearly a growl. “Repeat: Baise-moi.”

“Baise-moi,"  Yuuri whispers, drowning.

Viktor strikes like lightning, grabbing Yuuri and pulling him up so their lips meet, and Viktor’s kisses are hungry, bruising him. Yuuri’s slipped out of Christophe’s mouth, and the next time he feels it, it’s between his cheeks, and he cries out as he feels Christophe's tongue dip in and out of him.

Viktor squeezes Yuuri’s waist hard, pressing his hips forward into his, and Yuuri can feel how very hard