he saw how much attention I was paying to you, his scouting on you focused too much on the jumps you struggle with and not enough on the step sequences and dance ability that you’re amazing with, but I couldn’t stop.”

Minako looked over at Yakov.  “And this has nothing to do with anything else.”

Yakov shook his head.  “If Lilia knew anything about Yuuri, she didn’t tell me.”

“Why would Lilia know anything about Yuuri?  He’s a skater, not a dancer,” Viktor said.

Yuuri cleared his throat.  “Um, actually, I’m kind of both.  I started off in ballet and only moved over to skating seriously a few years ago, and I’m still training in ballet because I use a lot of that training in my choreography.  Minako is my ballet instructor, and she’s the one who goes with me to competitions and stuff.  She and my mother grew up together.”

“And I trained under Madame Lilia for a while, and we keep in touch.  I’ve told Lilia a lot about you, Yuuri.  I’ve never given her your name, but she knows enough about me that if she – or Yakov – had reason to go looking, they could have found you.”

“Wow!  That’s amazing!”  Viktor clapped his hands together.  “Anyway, Yuuri, I know this is going to sound arrogant and boastful, but Yakov thinks I’m going to run out of challenge in the next few years.  Aside from the jumps, I think you could do it, keep me from having too easy a time getting on top of the podium.  I know you can do all the triples, so do you know why you have such a hard time landing your jumps?”

“You’re not more worried about my lack of a quad?”

“You’re still in Juniors, and depending on why you struggle so much with the triples, it may be a good idea for you to wait on a quad even after coming up to seniors.  Solve the bigger problem first!”

Yuuri blushed.  “I know I can land them all, but I… I guess… I don’t really have a lot of confidence in myself.  Minako always tells me that I’m better than I think I am, but I have trouble believing it.  I tend to dwell on my mistakes.”

Viktor looked to Yakov.  That was one that, despite Future Him’s words, he had no idea how to fix.  Yakov just looked back at him.  He had to figure it out.  “Then that is definitely a good reason to put off working on quads.  Although…”  Viktor put a finger to his lips.  “Maybe if you could learn a quad to the point where you’re landing it at least some of the time, it would help put the triples in a bit of perspective for you?  Even a quad toe loop, it’s a huge jump from the triple Lutz.  Normally I’d say axel but from what I saw that’s your most consistent jump.”

Yuuri jumped a little in his seat.  “It is.  You watched me closely enough to know that?”

“I told you, I love watching your skating, and there’s not much out there but I watched everything I could find, going back to novices.  I usually have to watch a program at least twice before I can start analyzing it, because I get caught up in the dance.”

“Have you ever considered finding a different coach?  No offense to whoever's coaching you now, but you could do better,” Yakov said.

Minako raised her eyebrows.  “You don’t think I’ve been telling him that if he really wants to meet Viktor on the ice someday, he’ll need better coaching than what we have in Hasetsu?”

Viktor lit up.  “Meet me on the ice?”

Yuuri glared daggers at Minako.  “I, um, yeah, that’s why I chose skating over ballet, because I wanted to compete against you.”

“You know, a lot of people say they want to compete against me, but this is the first time I’ve heard anyone tell me they became a competitive skater with that as their goal.”  Viktor was starting to understand why Future Him had married this kid.  Not that he was a kid by then.  “You really do need a top-tier coach if you want to make it to be a top-tier skater.  Yakov, do you have any recommendations?”

“Actually, yes, I do.”  Yakov fixed Viktor with a stare.  “Not me.  For one thing, I don’t think he could handle the craziness at our rink, and for another, he’ll never get his confidence up if he’s training with you as a rinkmate.”  Viktor pouted, but Yakov was probably right.  Maybe someday they could be rinkmates.  He couldn’t imagine Future Him not training at the same rink as his husband.  “Yuuri, are you familiar with Celestino Cialdini?”