to see the two most important individuals in my life."

I could only look on in sadness and shock. Viktor, what..? 

"It meant that I couldn't see my mom cooking in the kitchen, humming a tune she made herself, stirring the sauce with smetana she made for my favorite dish, Stroganoff," he laughed ruefully and ruffled the hair on the back of his head, "It meant not being able to see Dad's studio— you should've seen it, Yuuri, it was amazing. Colors were everywhere, paintings vibrantly alive."

"The most painful of all was that..." Viktor turned to look up at me, eyes vulnerable, visibly pained and sorrowful, "It meant that I couldn't go home to a greeting from my Dad or a kiss from my Mom."

"It meant that I had to go home to an empty house, filled to the brim with memories I'd wanted to keep and forget at the same time."

"It meant everything had changed."

I fought the urge to run up to the distraught man and hug him, keeping my mouth shut as he continued to lay his heart bare.

"And everything... from the big to the small things, it all meant a lot to me. To lose it all in a car crash— I can't go through that again. I knew I couldn't go through that again."

Viktor held my gaze, a lone tear falling down his cheek, "Please don't make me go through it again."

I promptly got off my bed and hurriedly made my way to Viktor, wrapping the man within my arms and comfortingly traced circles on his back, "Oh, Viktor... I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

I've never thought of untangling our arms from each other.

Neither did Viktor, and we fell asleep like that— sprawled across the couch, Viktor's head resting on my chest, my left arm under him, and hand protectively over his head.

I haven't slept this well since last week and the droopy feeling I had over my eyes slowly went away as I slept all my worries and fears away, only the thought of consoling the man in my arms important.


I'm sorry, Viktor.


cheers to ppl who'd see the hamilton reference lol :(((

here we gooooooo


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            





In a week, we were back to normal.

Viktor smiled a lot more and laughed a whole lot more. The gentle spark in his eyes gradually came back and we were on the way to forgetting the issue from before.

Occasionally, we would cuddle together on the couch while we talk our hearts out. We jokingly called this our 'heartfest.'

Viktor also made it a point to buy absolutely useless stuff he sees in the store across the hospital.

This time, he bought a bag full of unhealthily delicious chocolate candies and two...mics?

"Uh, Viktor, what the heck is this?"

Viktor beamed and grabbed the magenta-colored 'mic,' "It's a mic-slash-bottle of bubbles! See?"

He twisted the head and out came the bubble blower. Viktor squealed excitedly, "Open yours, Yuuri! Come on!"

I chuckled and gave him a reprimanding, yet fond, look, "Okay, okay."

Opening my own bottle, I blew a few bubbles at Viktor's face, who sputtered in surprise, "Yuuri!"

Smirking, I held my bubble blower like I would a sword and gave him a haughty look, "Ha, you better not let your guard down. This is a battle, Sir Nikiforov!"

With a handsome smirk of his own, Viktor flicked off his fringe over his face and said, "Bring it, Sir Katsuki! En garde!"

We ran around the room, laughing as we threatened each other with our makeshift sabre.

At some point, Viktor had used up all his bubble solution. He stared at his empty bottle in terror as I crept up on him, smirking openly.

He cried out as I attacked him with bubbles in his face.

He laid sprawled out on the floor, looking as dead to the world as a graduating college student.

Then, he started sputtering out, "Oh god, I nearly swallowed a bubble! A bubble in my mouth, Yuuri!" Viktor cried out as I rolled my eyes and turned back, "Oh get a grip, drama queen."

"That's so mean, Yuuri!"

I only laughed in response and plopped down on my bed and grabbed a piece of chocolate candy, "How many of these did you even buy?"

He muttered out a "5," and I gaped, "Are you serious? How the hell are we going to finish all these, Viktor! You're crazy!"

Viktor shrugged, "I just heard from Phichit how much you liked these— he said they were your favorite food, second to your Mom's katsudon."

I fought off an oncoming blush and cleared my throat. God, he asked Phichit about this? That's so