like you!  Like, you can make me forget about Viktor to think about you instead like you!”

For once in his life, Phichit was stunned into speechlessness.  “Wow.  Uh.  Yes.  Yes, I would love to go on a date with you.”

Continuation of previous chapters

Phichit gets homesick.  Yuuri tries to cheer him up.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

There were three things in this world Yuuri never wanted to see again.  Viktor Nikiforov carried off the ice with a potentially career-ending injury (thankfully, he’d fully recovered); the costume he’d worn for his Lohengrin skate (the costume was okay, but he’d never gotten the routine anywhere close to where he needed it to be to compete); and Phichit Chulanont crying.

Yuuri sat beside him on his bed.  “What’s wrong, Phichit?”

Phichit curled into Yuuri’s shoulder, and Yuuri wrapped his arms around his boyfriend.  Once Phichit felt a little better, he explained, “Mom called.  She’s pregnant again, and they’re saying her due date is Four Continents.”

“Your mom is…”

“Yeah, it wasn’t entirely unexpected, she’d been talking about having another one for a while and Dad seemed happy with the idea, but just the timing.”  Phichit wiped away the tears.  “I won’t be there to help out like I did with all the others.  Okay, I didn’t do much helping with Khouane, but I was two years old.  I helped with the other three.”

“So you’re homesick?”

“Yeah, I guess.  And hey, it’s a long way away, maybe I won’t even make Four Continents or Worlds.”

“Phichit.”  Yuuri stroked his friend’s cheek.  “You’re going to make it.  Who else is Thailand going to send?  You’re the best they’ve got.  You don’t want to let your country down, do you?”

“No, but…”

“Celestino will let you go after Worlds, you know.  Your parents will miss you for sure, but it’s not like they don’t have help if they need it.”

“Khouane’s terrible with kids.  Mukda is three, although she’ll be four by the time the baby’s here.”

“Which still leaves Hiran and Kantapol, right?”  Phichit nodded.  “They’ll be fine.”

“I know.  It’s not like Mom and Dad don’t know what they’re doing, looking after babies.  I just… I’ve been here in Detroit for a year, and of course I miss home, but it never really hit me like this until I realized I wouldn’t be there to help with the new baby.”  Phichit wiped the last of the tears away and sat up.  “Don’t you miss Japan?”

“All the time.  More than anything else, I miss my mom’s cooking and Vicchan.  But there’s also the Ice Castle, Minako’s studio, the ocean… the quiet.  That was the hardest part about adjusting to Detroit, the noise!  And the lights.”

“Why didn’t you bring Vicchan with you?”

“Mom and Dad didn’t want to let me, and the guy who was here before you was allergic to dogs.  Besides, what was I going to do with him when I was away for competitions?  At least this way, he’s with my parents and Mari, and they love him.  He’s not left alone or in a kennel somewhere.”

“Maybe you should take some time this summer, go back to visit him.  I’m sure he’d love to see you.”

Yuuri shook his head.  “I can’t.  Summer school so I can keep my course load as low as possible during the season, remember?  Maybe during Nationals I can get down there?”

“Maybe.  Shame you’re not in the NHK this year… what happened?”

“JSF lobbied a little too hard for me, I think.  That frees up a spot for them to bring in another Japanese skater for the NHK, so I can’t blame them.”

“Just figures it would be the first year in forever that Viktor gets the NHK, doesn’t it?”

“I probably still wouldn’t talk to him.  Host country invitation is hardly the same as getting seeded there.”

“You’re hopeless.  What if I get to meet him first?  In fact, I probably will meet him first, because you know I won’t hesitate to walk up to him at Worlds and introduce myself if I get a good chance.”

“Then you get to lord it over me for the rest of your life and you’re not thinking about missing your baby sibling at Worlds.”

Seriously HOW THE HELL had Yuuri and Viktor never met?  Phichit has probably been representing Thailand at Worlds since he moved up to Seniors, he knows his bestie is obsessed with the dude, even