being silly to feel guilty about it, that they understood the situation and accepted it, but Viktor couldn’t shake the nagging doubts.

 

Chris had always half expected his dream to have a surprise for him.  He was right.  He went to Viktor first, giving him a hug and a kiss.  “I have another soulmate.”

“Oh?  Older or younger?”

“Younger.  Quite a bit younger.  Phichit.”

“Phichit?  Yuuri’s friend?”  Viktor’s jaw dropped.  “Yuuri’s twelve-year-old friend.”

“That Phichit.  I’m even more screwed than you were with Yuuri.”

“Well, you know where to find me tomorrow, and we’ll talk about what happens next then.  Go talk to Phichit and figure out what he wants to do, given that you have me.”

“You know, this could be a good way around your guilt thing, I focus on Phichit and you focus on Yuuri.”

“No, I don’t want to do that, that’s not fair to you and there’s a reason you and I are connected.  Besides, what if Yuuri also has a second soulmate?”

“It’s possible.  I just thought I’d offer.  And even though I know it won’t do any good, stop feeling guilty about things you can’t control.”

“I’ll try.”  Viktor kissed Chris again.  “Go to Phichit.”

“Hi, Chris!”  Phichit jumped into Chris’s arms for a hug.  “This is a surprise, but kind of a nice one.  How does Viktor feel about it?”

“Sympathetic, mostly.  Waiting for a younger soulmate is hard, and you’re even younger than Yuuri was.”

Phichit laughed at that.  “Hopefully this will help the press believe it when the two of you say Yuuri’s just as much Viktor’s soulmate as you are, and the only reason Viktor’s not romantic with him yet is because he’s not ready for it.  I’m going to make you wait at least a few years, but you can do whatever you want with Viktor and whatever Viktor will let you do with Yuuri.”

“Do you want to know?”

“Talk to Yuuri and your publicity guys.  If they think it’ll help with the media, I want this publicly announced as soon as you’ve told me.”

“I thought your parents wanted you kept out of the three-ring media circus.”

“They do, but it’s different now that we’re soulmates.  If you’d rather talk to them first, that’s fine, but they’ll agree to it.  If you decide not to tell the world, then I don’t really care if you tell me or not.  Do whatever you think will make it easier to wait for me.”

Phichit’s parents agreed with Phichit, and the media went nuts over Phichit’s addition to the circus.  Of course, there were people in the media who were horrible about it, calling this out as fake as well.  For the most part, though, they backed off on being ridiculous about Yuuri.

Over that next year, Yuuri and Viktor slowly became more romantic, which the ridiculous media wouldn’t leave alone.  They raised the question about Chris and Yuuri becoming involved, which caused a bit of a problem with Viktor.  “I know it’s not exactly fair to be jealous, but I’m involved with you both because you’re both my soulmates, and I support Chris eventually becoming involved with Phichit because they’re soulmates, and Yuuri, if you end up having another soulmate, I’ll support you there.  But you two aren’t soulmates, and I would take it as cheating.”

“Seems a little silly, given the indirect connection, but I’ll respect your feelings about it,” Chris said.  “Don’t get mad at me for crap you read in the media.”

“I don’t want anyone but you.  If I have a second soulmate, that will probably change things, but only for that person.  Don’t let the media ruin a good thing.”

 

Viktor eventually got over his irritation, and the three of them settled into a comfortable relationship.  Phichit fit in well when he was there, and Yuuri was not the least bit surprised when he got into his dream and saw his best friend waiting for him as well as the soulmate he already knew about.  “Vitya!  You’ll never guess who’s here.”

“Rykov?”

Yuuri shuddered.  “Ew.  No.  Phichit!”

“Hi Yuuri!”  Phichit hugged Yuuri.  “You’ll never guess what I want you to do about this.”

“Phichit!  That’s great!  This should be a fun conversation with Chris tomorrow!  I’ll be down at the other end of the ice.  Get things worked out with Phichit before you come talk to me at all.”  Viktor kissed Yuuri’s cheek and skated off.

“Viktor’s thrilled.  He already