god like that?”

Hoo boy.  So this was what Yuuri looked like with a crush.  It was kind of cute, in a way.  What happened to Yuuko, though?  She’d thought he had a bit of a crush on her.  If he did, it was nothing like this one, though.  Maybe Takeshi would see that too and be more inclined to leave Yuuri alone.  “Hard work, dedication, and sacrifice.  Isn’t that what all the movies say?  You work as hard as you can, and then you work harder, and your dreams will come true?”

“Will hard work be enough?  How can it be?  I don’t have any talent, and Mom and Dad could never hire a coach like Yakov Feltsman, so how am I supposed to get good enough on my own?”

“I don’t know.  Only thing I do know is you’ll never make it if you don’t try.”

 

She’d been the one to find him the night before he left for America, crying in his room.  “Yuuri?  Hey.  Don’t be scared.  This is what you have to do if you’re gonna make it to Russia.”

“I know.  That doesn’t make it any less scary.  What if it’s not enough?  Celestino is an amazing coach and I don’t know how Mom and Dad are going to pay for that, plus school.”

“You have a lot of money coming in from sponsors and merchandise sales, you know.  That’s how.  Don’t worry about that.  Just make the most of this opportunity.”

“What if I fail?”

“Then at least you went for it.  You put yourself out there, did the best you could.  What’s to regret about that?”

“I’ll have let everyone down.  Even you and Mom and Dad.”

“No, you won’t.  Only way you’d let me down is not to try.  You’ll do fine.  Celestino will make you a better skater, and in the end, isn’t that the most important thing?”

“What’s the point of getting better if I’m never good enough to meet Viktor?”

Okay.  Yuuri’s little crush had gotten way out of hand, it seemed.  Not that this was news to Mari, but him staking his entire self-worth on it?  That was.  “What if you are good enough to meet Viktor?  You’ll never know if you don’t try.”

“I know.  I’m doing this.  I’m just scared.”

 

Mari had been the one to find him the night he got home, still in the shrine.  She had a good feeling it would be where she’d find him the night Viktor arrived.  She was right.  “Hey.  So that’s Viktor, huh?”

“Yes.  Yes.  That’s Viktor.  That is Viktor Nikiforov.  In Hasetsu.  At Yutopia.  Viktor Nikiforov is at Yutopia.”

“Congratulations?  Can’t imagine he’d come here for any reason but you.”  She could only just barely imagine that Viktor would come for Yuuri, and that's only because he already had, but she didn't feel the need to say that part.

“I don’t know what he’s doing here!  He says he’s come to coach me!  Why would he do that?  He can’t coach me and train his own programs at the same time!”

“Maybe he’s retiring?”  It didn’t make any sense to Mari either.

“Why would he do that?  He’s on top of the world!  Five straight world championships, five straight Grand Prix Finals golds… he hasn’t lost anything at all in over three years!”

“Sounds boring to me.  Show up, get gold, do it again the next month?”  There were certainly worse ways to have a monotonous life, but monotony was still monotony, and someone like Viktor who lived for surprising others would hate that.

“But why here?  Why me?  I’m just a dime-a-dozen skater who falls apart when I get too close to my dreams.”

“About that.  Did you even talk to him while you were at the Finals?”  Maybe there'd been some kind of miscommunication?  Yuuri had said something that Viktor took differently than Yuuri thought he did?

“No.  After everything, when we were leaving after the Free Skate, he didn’t even know who I was.  Thought I was a fan.  Offered me a commemorative photo.  And this is after skating with me!  Sharing the ice with me for practice and warmups!”

“Ouch.  Damn.”  If that were true, then Viktor was a lot more self-centered and oblivious and downright arrogant than Mari had ever thought – and she thought him plenty of those three things already.  “So… what, Stammi Vicino?  He saw the triplets’ video?”

“Must be.  He saw it and came