a second chance.  You're a person.  A good one.  I am not going to do to you what Kokei did to me.  Anyway, once Kokei was dealt with, I needed time to get past that, and then you ended up being my little brother’s BFF.  I figured I’d give you some time to establish yourself as nothing like him before I sprung the soulmate news on anyone.  Can’t imagine Yuuri feeling the need to threaten you now.  And then I figured may as well wait until you’re eighteen.  Things are gonna be awkward for a while.”

Phichit took a deep breath, forcing himself to relax.  He'd always liked Mari for her easygoing take on life, even if he was a lot more high-strung.  “Okay.  So what happens now?”

“I dunno.”  Another pull on the cigarette.  “Get whatever contact info you don’t have for me from Yuuri.  Any time you wanna talk, I’m here to listen.  Figure out what you want and we’ll go from there.”

“What about what you want?”  Phichit had no idea what he wanted, but he did know what he didn't want.  He didn't want to hurt Mari.

“I’ve had ten years to figure that out.  You need time to think about it when you’re not influenced by me.”

“Okay.  Might take me a while, Mari.”

Mari laughed at that.  “Yeah, not sure I’d trust a decision that came tomorrow.  Enjoy your birthday.”

“Thanks.”  Phichit hung up and found his phone to copy the contact info.  When he was done, he tossed Yuuri’s phone back to him.  “Sorry about stealing your phone.”

“No problem… what was that about?”

“Don’t pretend you weren’t listening in.”

“I was.  Your end of the conversation wasn’t helpful and I couldn’t hear Mari’s.  Something about Kokei and asking what Mari wants and that makes no sense because Mari doesn’t want anything when it comes to Kokei and if she did, no offense, but you wouldn’t be who she’d go to about it.”

Phichit couldn't help laughing at that.  “Actually, I would.”

Yuuri blinked at him in confusion.  “Why?  Why you instead of me, or Yuuko, or Minako?”

“You and Yuuko and Minako aren’t her soulmate.”

“No, that’s Kokei.”

“And me.  She has two.”

Yuuri dropped his phone.  “What?”

“She never said anything to protect me from Kokei and from people who would judge me by him, but she’s known all along.”

“Okay, it goes without saying that you are my best friend and I love you, but if you screw my sister over the way Kokei did I will not hesitate to make your life a living hell.”

Phichit threw up his hands in mock frustration.  “See, that’s exactly what Mari was trying to avoid by not telling anyone!”

“So… you and Mari, huh?”  Yuuri sounded a bit freaked out by the idea, which Phichit certainly couldn't blame him for.  He was, too.

Which, unfortunately, meant he didn't have an answer for Yuuri.  “I don’t know.  I’m supposed to think about what I want and get back to her.”

 

For the next few months, Phichit talked to Mari a lot more than he had in the past.  He’d never really done that before, talked to Mari when it wasn’t about Yuuri, and the more he did the more he realized just how cool she really was.  When one of his beloved hamsters died, Mari’s lowkey sympathy was much more appreciated than Viktor’s dramatic mourning egged on by Yuuri.  When he told her his Grand Prix assignments, she immediately made arrangements to be there, both in America and France.  Yuuri would be in America too, but his other assignment was Russia.  Viktor had Canada and Russia.  “Are you really going to be okay?  That’s four weekends in five weeks.  Will your parents be able to manage?” Phichit asked when she Facetimed to tell him.

“Meh.  Thanks to Yuuri, things have picked up in Hasetsu.  There are some people here that we’ve made friends with who’d love to have two months’ work, earn some extra money for New Year’s.  What did you guys do to piss off the committee enough that none of you got Japan?”

Phichit giggled.  “Who knows?  I’m blaming Viktor.”

Mari snorted.  “Usually a safe bet.  If you’ve announced it I missed it, what’s your theme for the year?”

“It’s kind of dumb.  Coming of age.  My free skate’s to a song from one of the Romeo and Juliet movies, and my short program… well, I about gave Ciao Ciao a heart attack.”

“Yeah?  What is it?”