t matter.  “What happened?”

“I don’t know.  Yuuri won’t talk about it.  He didn’t want Viktor to call 911.  You know Yuuri, he’s embarrassed by all the fuss.”

“How bad is he?  How are you getting to the hospital?”

“He’s bleeding pretty bad.  Pale, weak, probably in shock now that he’s stopped running."  Phichit stopped to take a couple shaking breaths.  "I don’t know.  I was assuming I’d go with him in the ambulance, but that’s Viktor’s job now, isn’t it.  Shit.”

Celestino had figured.  Fortunately, that was a problem he could solve.  “Okay.  I’m on my way.  I’ll come get you.  Do you want me to stay on the phone?”

Phichit forced a weak laugh.  “After all the safety lectures you’ve given me about cell phones and driving?  Set a better example than that, Ciao Ciao!”

“All right.  I’ll be there soon.”

 

Yuuri still wasn’t talking about what had happened when Phichit and Celestino got to the hospital.  Celestino went in to see him while Phichit went looking for Viktor.  “Hi, Yuuri.  How are you?”

Yuuri smiled up at him.  “I’m pretty sure I could do a triple axel, but I’m not so sure about the quad flip.”

“Funny.  Where’s Viktor?”

“Paperwork, now that they finally believe he’s my fiancé.”

“Oh, fun.  Because he’s Viktor?”

Yuuri rolled his eyes.  “Because he’s Russian and I’m Japanese and no one ever marries internationally.”

“Heh.  So."  Celestino grabbed a chair and pulled it over beside the bed.  "What happened, Yuuri?  Who hurt you?”

“It’s not a big deal.  Don’t worry.”

“Yuuri, you are in a hospital.  It’s a big deal.”

“I don’t want to cause trouble for anyone…”

“You’re not.  Whoever did this is the one causing trouble.”

Yuuri shook his head.  “It’s… not worth talking about.”

Celestino sat back and folded his arms over his chest.  “So when it’s Phichit next time, I’ll remember that.  It’s not worth causing a bit of fuss over a little stabbing.”

“It won’t be Phichit next time.”

“Because he’s in Thailand?”

“Because Viktor’s never thrown a competition to give Phichit a gold medal.”

Admittedly, Celestino knew Viktor more by reputation than personally, but that really didn't sound like the kind of thing Viktor would do.  Even for love, even for Yuuri.  “He didn’t, did he?”

“I don’t think so.  He says he didn’t.  But what’s important is that people believe he did.”

“Okay, so next time, when he’s got better aim and hits a lung or your heart, Phichit and I should tell Viktor that it’s not that big of a deal, there’s no reason to cause a fuss?”  Yuuri didn’t answer.  “I know you’re not comfortable with the idea, but when you’re hurt, it affects a lot more people than just you.  Viktor, Phichit, me, your rinkmates in Russia, your family, your other friends… like it or not, you’re a celebrity.  I’m honestly impressed that I haven’t seen press sniffing around yet.  Who did this, Yuuri?”

Yuuri hesitated for a long time, but finally, he gave in.  “Jaden Zimmer.”

Normally, Celestino didn’t hold grudges.  He wished his former skaters well.  Jaden was an exception.  He’d come to Celestino as many had – teenage cockiness leading to overconfidence and a lack of preparation for the work Celestino expected them to put in, the work they’d need if they wanted to make it at the level Celestino coached.  Most of them either shaped up quickly, like Phichit had, or quit to go to a coach with lower expectations, or got out of skating altogether to be normal teenagers.  Jaden had stuck around for two years, convinced that Celestino owed him trips to Nationals and selection for international competition.  When those failed to materialize and Jaden didn’t get why, Celestino kicked him out.  He didn’t like to do that, but Jaden was becoming toxic, and he had to protect his rink.  Jaden threatened to sue.  By coincidence, Yuuri started only a few days later.  Celestino had been contacted a couple times by lawyers seeking information about the dismissal, but none ever proceeded with a lawsuit, and he’d watched Jaden bounce from one coach to another until he finally gave up, just last year.  “That doesn’t surprise me, honestly.  He’s one of my two biggest failures, and the one I don’t feel bad about.  You, I