his life.

“Your room is just as you left it, dear. Daisuke isn’t going to be back from work until later this evening, so maybe go walk in the woods, I know you must have missed them...or whoever you met in them.” Aunt Tasha waved off Victor’s astonished look. “Please, Vitya, did you think I wouldn’t notice? I’m making katsudon with pirozhki tonight, and I don’t care what your fancy schmancy nutritionist says, you’re eating all of it. Now shoo, shoo! Give me space to work!”

With impatient motions, the Russian woman shunted her nephew out of her house. Victor was gone into the woods within moments, and she huffed, amused despite herself.

“That boy,” she said, arms akimbo. “Too rambunctious for his own good.”

It seemed like nothing had really changed.

The path up to the torii gate hadn’t changed a single bit; there was the familiar moss-covered stone, the monks on relief on both sides. The trees still whispered with the summer breeze, and for a moment Victor let himself close his eyes and breathe in the scent of earthy undergrowth.

Yuuri wasn’t there at the gate.

Victor swallowed, his heart in his throat. His grip grew white-knuckled on the bag of flan pudding cups, and he waited with bated breath.

There was a sudden flash out of the corner of his eyes, and Victor yelped as a blurry shape knocked into him at full speed. Victor, taken by surprise, toppled over as the animal snarled at him.

The skater looked into the familiar brown eyes and  very familiar sharp teeth, and grimaced. “It’s good to see you again after so long, Mari-neechan.”

The beast grinned savagely before it went up in a poof of smoke, revealing Mari on top of Victor’s chest crushing the breath out of him.

“Don’t  Mari-neechan  me, Victor Nikiforov.” The woman bared her teeth at him. “I am  incredibly annoyed with you right now, and if you manage to test me further you will learn why even your people treat the Fair Folk the way they do.”

Mari took a puff on her kiseru pipe, blowing the bluish smoke aggressively into Victor’s face. “Tell me one good reason,” she said, eyes dangerously narrowed. “Why I shouldn’t curse your ass into the eight hells for hurting my brother like that. You left without a single word, and left my brother waiting day by day. He was worried out of his mind! He thought something had happened to you!”

Victor opened his mouth, and then closed it. “I have no excuses. I can only apologize to Yuuri.”

The fox spirit looked at Victor’s determined expression thoughtfully, and then lowered her pipe. “Good answer,” she said. “Come with me. I’ll take you to Yuuri.”

They walked together for a long time, Victor looking around and seeing little differences between the forest now and the one he had left that day; the tree that he had fallen off of so many summers ago was now little more than a stump, and Victor gave it a lingering look as they passed.

Mari lead him to the familiar flowery meadow, and there Yuuri was—still the same fox mask, the same kimono, the same umbrella. He hadn’t changed a single bit from when Victor last saw him six years ago, or even from when he first saw him.

Victor was just about to rush out, to call Yuuri’s name at the top of his lungs, when Mari caught his arm in a steel grip. “Wait,” she said. “Let him do his thing before you barge in there.”

Yuuri reached up slowly and took off his mask, casting it aside with his umbrella. There was a single second of pure stillness—it was like the light breeze didn’t even stir the fabric of Yuuri’s sleeves.

Then, Yuuri  moved, and the world stopped to watch.

Victor’s mouth gaped open, and then closed again. He didn’t take his eyes off Yuuri for a single moment.

Even without a single note of music, Yuuri was  captivating. He moved like there was music molding to him instead of the other way around—he moved like he was making music. Victor watched Yuuri’s arms move, rounded beseechingly, a beautiful piano melody echoing in his head even as Yuuri danced.

All too soon, the routine came to an end; Yuuri closed his eyes, one hand at his chest and the other held out to the side in Victor’s direction, like he was reaching for him.

Suddenly, Victor had seen enough.

Without a second thought, he rushed ahead, ignoring Mari’s shocked cry, past the bushes, charging past the flowers, towards Yuuri. His apologies were on his tongue, his arms outstretched towards the spirit, and—

Victor face-planted into the ground at full speed as Yuuri yelped and jumped aside, and it was