yes, because he found himself taking her to dinner that Friday after skating practice.  And the next Friday.  Leo had been very thoroughly quiet ever since JJ had mentioned the second date.  Around the same time, JJ noticed Leo had a new social media friend, a Chinese skater that his pal Phichit had pointed his way.  JJ and Otabek agreed that there was no way it was coincidence, and started teasing the crap out of Leo for his new crush.

By Christmas, the only Fridays they hadn’t gone out somewhere were Fridays where JJ was gone to compete somewhere.  She’d brought him home and introduced him to her family, and he’d done the same with his.  It still broke his brain when he got back to school and his buddies asked if he and his girlfriend had done anything special over the break.  Girlfriend?  When had that happened?

Their next date, JJ asked.  “Are you my girlfriend?”

“Aren’t you supposed to be top of our class?  How do you do it, being that dense?”  Isabella hugged his arm as she walked beside him.  “It’s a good thing you’re a good skater, because if that’s your power of observation, you’d never make it in a normal job.”

“Well, it’s just, if you were my girlfriend… shouldn’t I have kissed you by now?”

Isabella stopped suddenly, and her grip on JJ’s arm made him stop.  “I’ve been waiting for you to ask.  I know you’re religious and all, and I wasn’t sure what the rules were for kissing.”

“Oh.”  JJ felt a little silly.  “May I kiss you now?”

“Yes.”

JJ tried.  It was kind of awkward.  Noses were complicated.  Was it okay to use tongue on a first kiss?  What did you do with your tongue anyway?  This was not as easy as it looked in the movies!

Isabella didn’t seem to know either, which was a relief of sorts.  She giggled as they pulled back after finally managing to do.. something.  “We’ll figure it out.  It can’t be that hard.”

Ghosts?  In MY ice rink?It's more likely than you might think!

Tags: Supernatural crossover, skating injuries


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

For once in his life, JJ did not want to skate.

It was hard to get yourself up to skate after every single skater before you went down.  Third jump of the program, no matter what the jump actually was, combo or otherwise, every single skater came down, hit the ice, and couldn’t finish the program because of an injury to the ankle of their landing foot.

Once, that was a terrible accident.  Twice, freaky coincidence.  Thrice, something weird was going on.  When it happened to an entire group…

In the break between groups one and two, they’d sent people out to examine the ice.  Everyone in group one was asked to allow their skates to be examined.  Everyone in group two had their skates examined as well.

The investigation turned up absolutely nothing, so the officials had decided to have the competition proceed.  JJ had volunteered to go first in his group.  A king didn’t show fear!  That didn’t mean he didn’t feel it as he took off his blade guards and headed for center ice.

“Get down!”

JJ turned and saw two men barreling at him.  One had a gun pointed at him, the other carried an iron bar in one hand and had a paper in the other.  He occasionally glanced at the paper as he spat out Latin faster than JJ had ever heard it spoken – not surprising, the rare times anyone bothered using Latin at his church they went slowly “out of respect for the sacredness” and also because they were not exactly in practice.

The man with the gun was the one who’d shouted.  He stepped out onto the ice and threw JJ down when JJ didn’t get down on his own.  When JJ looked up, something was rushing over their heads toward the big guy.  “Sammy!  Look out!”

The big guy looked up at his companion’s shout, and swung the iron bar through the… thing… person… whatever it was.  He didn’t even pause his Latin as he nodded toward his friend.  Coworker?  Whatever they were.

The smoke was reforming when Sammy stopped.  “Dean!  Shoot now!”

Dean got up as best he could, considering he was on ice, and took the shot.  JJ slammed his hands over his ears and buried his face in the ice.  Dean tapped him on the shoulder.  “You’re good.  Should be okay to skate, bitch that was hurting everyone’s gone now.  My brother and I got her.”

“Um… thanks?”

“You’re welcome.”

JJ went to the side of the rink.  He figured there’d be some kind of investigation, at the very least, and there was