I am.  Those two are in love in a way you and I never were.”

“How so?”

“If either of them had to make the choice, they would choose their soulmate over their career without a second thought.”

Lilia smiled, but it was a sad one.  “Ah.  Yes.  We were never like that, were we?”

 

Yakov wasn’t looking forward to this.  With luck, his soulmate would be ten years younger than him or something else that would justify not going to her until he’d retired from competitive skating.  In Soviet Russia, you had to choose.  Your soulmate or your competitive career.  Anything less than a complete focus was seen as not devoting yourself to your state.  Yakov couldn’t imagine the stranger who would be enough for him to throw away not only his dreams and his livelihood, but also his good standing with the Soviet leadership and possibly putting his family at risk.

The ballet studio around him made him smile.  Common ground, then.  The dark-haired woman standing in front of him was beautiful, and definitely had the figure of a ballerina.  She looked him over.  “Hello.  My name is Lilia Baranovskaya.”

“Yakov Feltsman.”

LIlia's eyebrows shot up.  “The figure skater?  The Soviet Union’s only gold medal winner in the last Olympics for skating?”

“That’s me.  I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be.  I’ll be watching, and when you retire, perhaps we can talk.  I’m quite okay with this, Yakov, since it means I can focus on my career.  Soulmates don’t mix with ballet, and I have an audition with the Bolshoy Ballet next week.”

“I wouldn’t want to deprive our country of a future prima ballerina.  Will you dance for me?”

“Yes.”  Lilia’s brow wrinkled.  “Shouldn’t you be turning eighteen soon?”

“Tomorrow’s my birthday.  This is my dream.”

“Tomorrow’s my birthday, too.  This is my dream.”

They both burst into laughter at the realization.  Lilia wiped her eyes as she recovered.  “Well, that solves the problem of how we convince each other years from now that this was a mutual decision and we are soulmates.”

 

Yakov retired twelve years later, after one last Olympics against his doctor’s advice.  He didn’t do as well as he might have liked, but he was old, and he’d blown out his knee too many times.  He’d kept an eye on the rise of the Bolshoy Ballet’s star, Lilia Baranovskaya, and wrote her a letter of congratulations when she made prima ballerina.  He didn’t expect a response of any sort, but after he announced his retirement, Lilia sent him a large stash of letters she had written over the years, congratulating him on his achievements as a skater, offering sympathy for failures and injuries, and generally supporting him.  The most recent letter in the bunch explained.

“I wrote these, but I never dared to send them, for fear of the consequences it could have for your career if you were caught corresponding with your soulmate.  I plan to retire in five years, unless injury forces me out earlier.  Given my age and the competition from younger dancers, I must dedicate so much of myself to the ballet that I don’t have much to offer a soulmate, but I haven’t forgotten you and I would like to establish a correspondence, if you would be interested.”

 

Yakov was interested, and for five years, they wrote back and forth frequently while Yakov established himself as a coach and Lilia fought off younger dancers eager to dethrone her.  Yakov attended her retirement dance – not the first performance starring Lilia Baranovskaya that he had attended, as he’d always enjoyed the ballet, but the first where he would be more than just another audience member.  After the show, when Lilia was brought out for a final ovation, Yakov was brought on stage so that they could announce their engagement.  They were married as soon as they could get everything together, and less than a year later, their daughter was born.  Avrora, named for the Sleeping Beauty, was their only child, as Lilia felt she was too old for more.  Like her parents, she showed a remarkable talent for dance, and at seven years old she left home to enter a full-time dance academy.

Lilia remained part of the Bolshoy Ballet for a time, as a choreographer and instructor at the academy, where she took a particular interest in a Japanese ballerina who became her protégé.  When Minako left the Bolshoi after it became clear that the directors would never give a Japanese dancer a chance at becoming a soloist, let alone a prima ballerina, Lilia left as well to teach ballet to children and to work with Yakov’s skaters.

Over time, Lilia and Yakov struggled to find time for each other, between the travel their careers required, their dedication to their students’ training, and the fact that Yakov tended to find the most dramatic skaters Lilia could imagine.  Not all