.


 


“If that’s your reasoning, you can easily hire another coach. Any, anyone should be delighted to work with you,” he says.


 


Stubborn, stubborn Viktor. Yuuri closes his eyes, then says, “I don’t want that. I just want to retire.”


 


“Then theoretically, how will we stay together?”


 


“I’ll move to Russia. St. Petersburg, right? Or wherever you choose to train.” 


 


“Yuuri.”


 


“It’ll be hard. But you sacrificed everything to move to Hasetsu. I can return the favor to be with you.”


 


“Yuuri, 

why?

”


 


He loves Viktor, but when Viktor questions everything he is saying or suggesting, it eats at him.


 


“

Why?

 Because you miss skating. I saw how you greeted the public cheerfully at Rostelecom. I saw the way you look watching the others tonight.”


 


“I do miss it, but I –”  


 


“So why not go back to skating? Where you belong.”


 


With his eyes still squeezed shut, he wonders how Viktor will react. Relief and gratitude, he supposes. But seconds pass, and the silence becomes dreadful. Then Viktor lets go of his fingers, followed with something that sounds like Makkachin crying. Wait, but Makkachin is back in Hasetsu, not in Barcelona. Is Viktor?


 


Yuuri blinks wide open, then again in shock. Viktor is nowhere relieved or happy. He’s 

crying.



 


“How could you?” Viktor starts. “Don’t.”


 


Oh god, oh no, how did this happen?  Where did he mess up? Yuuri is used to crying, used to breaking under pressure or stress, but Viktor? He’s never seen him cry before and this is far from what he expected. Calm down, calm down, he needs to ease the situation.


 


“I’m so sorry, I did not mean to make you cry.”


 


“What?”


 


Viktor raises his knuckles beneath an eye and wipes. He stares at the tear stains in plain disbelief. In a blink and you miss it, he looks at Yuuri in terror, then shuts his white-turned knuckles over his eyes.


 


Is he mad? Ashamed?


 


“Viktor.” Yuuri goes in to hug Viktor around the waist, but he coils and leans away, pressing his back tightly against the windows overlooking beautiful Barcelona.


 


He feels his heart plunging. Yuuri used to run away to be alone before he allowed himself to cry. Whether it was after performances, or that time in Detroit when he was upset over a rink-mate who needed emergency operation after a nasty injury, Yuuri refused to let anyone see him at his moments of weakness.


 



“Yuuri, you’re not weak. No one thinks you are.”



 


Not that Viktor’s reassurance completely wipe away his insecurities, but he’s been opening more, bit by bit. Likewise, Viktor should, too.


 


“Viktor, I’m sorry. I know it sucks to cry. But, um, you just have to let it out. And please, tell me what I did or said wrong.”


 


Hell, Yuuri wants to cry. But he sucks in a deep breath. Now’s not the time to upset Viktor furthermore, or else he’ll evade talking and drop aside his intense feelings to reassure Yuuri. 

Stay strong, stay strong.



 


“How could you say that?”


 


Finally, Viktor lowers his fists. He already seems to have stopped crying. Even with bloodshot eyes, he frowns, and Yuuri knows he is plain angry. 


 


“You’re wrong. 

All

 of you are wrong. But you, of all people.”


 


Yuuri flinches. “What am I wrong about?”


 

“I’m used to having everyone tell me to go back to Russia. Go back to competing a few more seasons. But you asked me to ‘be just Viktor’. In Beijing, you said to simply stay by your side. I suppose you do like me as your coach. You surprised me every time. So now you also think skating is where I belong?”

 


All those times these same people have told Yuuri to return Viktor to the world, Yuuri had put on an air of confidence and dismissed them as best as he could – while he internalized them and worked hard to prove Viktor’s coaching was never a waste. Viktor had never said anything back. He had always listened to them in amusement. 


 


Yuuri knows Viktor thinks and plans and talks. But when it comes to feelings, he is frustratingly not good with that, just as much as it takes time for him to understand that most skaters are not like him. Before, Yuuri of course could not have any idea of what a toll the demands have had on his coach, his inspiration, his best friend, his 

lover

. All he knows is that while he has felt ongoing pressure to succeed and show to the world that Viktor’s choice is wise, is that he got tired of people assuming Viktor had no say in this; how dare Viktor choose this.


 


Yuuri unknowingly has done the same thing. 


 



Oh.



 


“Viktor, has