, when you get off a twelve-hour flight, you’re gonna look like shit.  You’re really not going to care that your boyfriend got all dressed up.”

Leo threw a shirt at her, a dark red button down he’d thought about wearing but decided against.  “I care, now are you going to give me an opinion or just keep making fun of me?”

Espy caught it and stared at it.  “You’re an idiot.  If I iron this for you, will you wear it?”

“Why that one?”

“Because Guang Hong bought it for you!”

Leo smirked.  “I thought he wasn’t going to notice or care what I was wearing.”

“He will when he wakes up and sees the selfies and then kills you for putting just-off-a-twelve-hour-flight pictures of your adorable boyfriend on Instagram.  Wearing his shirt might keep him from killing you for it.”  Espy ducked out of the room with the shirt.

Not even two minutes later, his mom stuck her head in.  “There better be a good reason you’ve got your sister ironing your clothes, Leo.”

“One, she offered, and two, we made a deal.  She wanted me to wear that shirt to the airport.”

 

Once he’d changed his shirt, Espy declared that he looked “halfway decent,” which Leo assumed was sister code for “you look nice.”  He was out of time to fuss anyway if he wanted to get to the airport on time.  He couldn’t wait to show Guang Hong his new car – his old one had been rather beat up, as it was passed to him from his older brother.  Now that he was almost out of college, Leo had bought his own car, and given the beater to Espy.

Leo’s mom made him take his sisters with him, which was annoying.  Espy, at least, had opted to stay behind.  She was taking summer classes at the community college before starting for real, and she had to study, which was an excuse their mom accepted.  No such luck with Mayra, who wanted to stay home and play a video game, or Alicia, who was the one who got Leo stuck with sisters to begin with because she had a bizarre love affair with the airport.

“Can I stay in the car?” Mayra asked when they got there.

“No.”  Leo patted her shoulder.  “You’re responsible for Alicia, remember?  So I can watch for Guang Hong?”

“Ugh.  Alicia knows the airport better than I do, and she’s so… excitable.  What if I see someone I know?”

“Then they’re stuck at an airport too and the two of you can bond over it.  Now come on.”

“Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine.”  Mayra sulked, but she got out of the car and followed Leo and Alicia into the airport.

Guang Hong’s flight had been a little delayed, and was just touching down.  It would be a while for him to get through customs and security.  Leo settled in with his sign to wait while Alicia and Mayra ran all over the baggage claim area.

Finally, Guang Hong got out.  The neon sign – made by Espy to wave at Worlds – made Leo easy to find, and Guang Hong ran for him.  Leo dropped the sign to catch his boyfriend in a long hug.  “How is this wait the hardest one?  It’s only a week!”

“I think it’s the anticipation of what comes after.  It’s not moments stolen around a competition, it’s being together for real.”

“True.”  Leo kissed Guang Hong’s cheek and then went to help him watch for his bags.  While they watched, Alicia came running up and jumped on Guang Hong’s back.  “Hi!  Did you miss me?”

“As much noise as you were making, it was impossible to miss you!”  Alicia hopped down so that Guang Hong could give her a proper hug.  “It’s good to see you, too, Mayra.”

Mayra nodded.  “Yeah.  Hi.”

 

Guang Hong nearly walked past the car, much to Leo’s amusement.  Then Guang Hong squealed.  “I forgot!  You’d mentioned you got a new car but I wasn’t thinking it would be this cool!”

“Glad you approve.”  Leo helped Guang Hong load his bags in the trunk.  “Don’t get too comfortable, we’ve only got a couple days before we have to leave for Chicago.”

“This is the last year, though, right?  Next year you’ll be done?”

“Next year I’m done.  We don’t have to waste a month of our time together with me in classes.”

“Assuming you pass everything!” Alicia said.  “Espy says that would be a miracle.”

“I’ll pass.  I’ve got a couple papers to write, but I’m not worried about my performances.  Then… Viktor wants me to compose Yuri’s music for this year.”