eat and have a soak in the hot springs before bed.” Yuuri nods as he finishes chewing.

As they walk home, Viktor regales him with stories of holidays spent with family, or in lonely hotel rooms in foreign countries. He tells Yuuri about sitting in temple as a child, feet kicking gently and kippah refusing to stay put as he listened to the Rabbi and Cantor solemnly leading services. He talks about the swell of emotion during Kol Nidre, at the start of the first service, and Yuuri’s breath catches in his throat when Viktor sings a few bars of Avinu Malkeinu for him. Viktor talks about the huge dinners held after the end of Yom Kippur (“Break-fast” he calls them, after a bit of Googling in search of the English term). He laments the times he’s had to choose between his faith and his career (often forgoing the fast and even observance in general in favor of training or, on some rare occasions, competitions). He laughs when he tells Yuuri about his kippah flying off in the middle of a spin during practice a few years back. “I thought the clips would keep it on, but I’d recently cut my hair, and I’d forgotten how much less there was for them to hold onto.” Viktor chuckles recounting himself trying to convince Yakov that yes, it was an accident, and no, he absolutely didn’t mean for the kippah to hit Yakov square in the face, despite how entertaining it was. Yuuri smiles at the image. As Viktor’s laughing dies down, Yuuri can’t help but admire the way Viktor’s silver hair and satin kippah capture the colors of the sunset, Viktor’s eyes a sharp blue, contrasting nicely with the red and gold behind him.

It’s almost dark when they get back to the Onsen, and Viktor smiles softly at Yuuri as he takes off his shoes and heads upstairs.  Yuuri grabs Makkachin’s leash from the hook in the entryway, not bothering to remove his own shoes.  When Viktor had brought up taking time to himself to pray that evening, Yuuri had offered to take the dog out so Viktor wouldn’t have to worry about making sure Makkachin got his evening walk. His offer had been gratefully accepted, and Yuuri smiles as he clips the leash to Makka’s collar.

Twenty minutes later, they’re at the beach, Makka running around as the waves lap at his paws, chasing the foam on top of the water. Yuuri sits down gingerly, soreness starting to make itself known. Twilight descends, and he’s immersed in an article about Jewish holidays when his phone chimes. Mari’s name pops up on the screen, and Yuuri taps the notification to find a message asking what he and Viktor want for their dinner that night. Yuuri purses his lips. Viktor had mentioned something about dietary laws earlier, that while he didn’t keep kosher full-time, he still followed them on major holidays. A few articles about kashrut later, Yuuri sends Mari a short list of dishes.  He calls Makkachin back to him, reattaching the leash quickly.  He gets up slowly, stiff from sitting on the sand for so long, but after a few minutes of walking, his muscles stop protesting as much.

He gets back to the Onsen just as Viktor comes downstairs. He smiles, trying to remember the unfamiliar words he’d practiced on the walk home. “Guh…g’mar hatima tova,” he blurts out, in accented Hebrew. Viktor beams happily.

“Thank you, Yuuri.”

 Yuuri unclips Makka’s leash, watching as he pounces on Viktor, before continuing. “My mom should be almost done with our food. Mari texted asking what we wanted, and before I told her I looked up the rules you mentioned, and used them to order. Everything my mom’s making for us should be ok for you to eat. Was there anything specific you wanted?”

“Food.” Viktor responds bluntly as his stomach growls again. “And water.” Yuuri laughs.

A few minutes later, they’re seated in a corner of the dining room, a pitcher of water on the table and Viktor chugging his second glass. Makka is curled up under the table between them, snoring softly as Yuuri absently runs his thumb up and down his glass. He shifts as his mother brings out their food, setting it gently on the table.

~*~

Viktor sighs when he’s drunk his fill.  His eyes scan across the table, taking in the various plates and bowls of food. He smiles when he realizes the meal is, in fact, kosher, warmth bubbling in his chest as he thinks about the efforts Yuuri has made to ensure his comfort. His eyes land on a plate of noodles and vegetables.  He pulls it in front of him, claps his hands together softly, and with a whispered “Itadakimasu” he digs in.

The first rush of flavor is an explosion across his palate, the simple ingredients blending together in perfect harmony. Viktor makes appreciative noises as he eats, flushing with embarrassment when he notices Yuuri watching him