to save him.  He never wants to let go.  


I've split the whole thing into smaller chapters or else you'll never get an update lol. This 'arc' will basically explain why Victor changes his look and why Yuri transforms from cute cinnamon roll to ball of angst.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Victor Nikiforov is a bonafide casanova, and it’s long past being considered a scandal if he takes a random stranger to bed. His looks and charm are unparalleled, and with three grand prix gold medals and three skating world championships under his belt, he’s living, breathing proof that talent and beauty can, in fact, co-exist. It’s also one of the worst kept secrets in the figure skating world that Victor Nikiforov is not picky at who enters his bed, whether it be a busty brunette prostitute or his handsome blonde opponent on the skating rink, he has no qualms with sleeping with them all.

 And no one really cares about this- as long as he continues to enchant millions on the ice, even if he prefered sleeping with  animals  for goodness sake no one would care-even the Russian Government for all its homophobic laws has turned a blind eye to the Skating Legend’s sexual antics as long as he continued churning out gold medal after gold medal for Mother Russia and didn’t go flaunting about it. For goodness sake- you're talking about a man with silvery waist- length hair who dances on ice in bejeweled, skin-hugging dresses (thats practically what skating costumes are) and semi-transparent leggings.

Well, it’s a problem to no one really but Yuri. The blonde boy is constantly by Victor’s side, unless he’s at school, and you can only get abandoned or third-wheeled so many times before you get sick of it all. 


 Especially when you have a massive crush on the man whose favourite pastime is making out with every woman that throws herself at him in front of your face, and all you can really do about it is turn your back and act disgusted 


He especially hates it when they apologise for “indecency in front of children” when they suddenly notice him. “If you actually cared you would’ve looked around before you forced your bloody tongue down Vitya’s throat,” he’d say before stalking away. 

Sometimes Victor would run after him, panting words of apology as he tried to chase after the blonde boy. But sometimes he didn't. Sometimes, especially times when he had already gone days without anyone to warm his bed, he’d bring the woman home, then he’d be guilty about it when they were done, so he’d kick the poor girl out to this house and plead Yuri for forgiveness over the phone. Other times he would walk ten minutes in the cold to Yuri’s house, and offer him chocolates from the expensive chocolatier down the road, or fresh pastries from the bakery, or sometimes, even flowers, bouquets of daisies or lilies or roses. Yuri would scoff at the flowers, but would force Victor to stay a while for hot chocolate, and looking at Victor’s handsome face flushed with coldness just made all his anger seem to magically disappear.

(He always tells Victor to not to buy him flowers lest he actually becomes a bloody fairy, but in secret, he loves them, and he presses every single flower into bookmarks so they never wilt and die)

No one expected Victor Nikiforov to ever settle down, but then for a while everyone, even Yuri feared that he would. 

It was two months after Victor’s second gold prize at the Grand Prix Finals, when one day, Yuri waltzed into Victor’s house into the morning (he had a key) to find a gorgeous blonde woman sitting at the breakfast bar. 

“Erm… I’ll be polite- who the fuck are you? Victor doesn't usually keep his fucktoys until morning and treat them to breakfast, so you’re either his first experiment towards being less of a douche, or you’re something else. Long lost cousin who’s one of his most stalkerish fans in disguise, maybe?” Yuri grumbled as he climbs onto one of the white Scandinavian chairs Victor ordered from Sweden when he was there for a competition three years ago. 

“Oh? You must be the little Yuri Victor keeps talking about,” The woman chuckles, and her voice is so high pitched and girly Yuri’s convinced that if she tried, she could definitely shatter every window in the house. His heart swelled for a moment- Victor talked about him a lot to this random stranger woman? 

“I’m surprised he hasn’t told you yet, considering the fact the two of you seem very close. Too close for a supposed older and younger student relationship. But I mean, Victor is the type to be totally oblivious to everything, and he’s too passionate towards everyone, so he doesn’t see it. But well- you are too young for him, I reckon. I’m his girlfriend