deadly serious.  “Trust me, you don’t want to know this one.”  He fired off a quick text and put his phone away, along with the key.  “Okay.  Talk to me.  What’s the freakout?”

“You were there!  You saw what happened!”

Phichit huffed.  “Yeah, Viktor kissed you in front of a live international TV audience.  I got that.  I’m just not sure of the context.  There was some kind of tension between you two before the free skate…”

Oh.  Fair enough.  “This was the first time he’d seen me in full meltdown, and he had no idea what to do about it.  He made me cry.”

Phichit clapped a hand to his mouth.  “Jerk!  How dead do you want him?”

“He didn’t mean to!  He meant to challenge me, give me something to motivate me.  I don’t think he realized just how scared I’ve been that he’s going to leave me just as suddenly as he showed up.  He says he’s not going anywhere, and I know he plans to stay with me through the Finals, but after that… I still have no idea why he came to me in the first place, why would he stay once he’s gotten what he was after?”

Phichit shrugged.  “I might have an idea on that, but you’re not going to believe me.  Have you two properly made up yet?”

“No.  We, um…”  Yuuri blushed.  “We kind of got distracted.”

Phichit pretended to look scandalized.  “Did you have sex with him?”

“No!”  If Yuuri’s face didn’t burst into flames, it wasn’t for a lack of trying.  “Clothes stayed on, but I spent the evening in bed.  With my coach, Phichit!  He’s supposed to be my coach!  I’m pretty sure the ISU is not going to approve of that!”

“He tackled you to the ice with a kiss on international television.  You might as well enjoy being the skater who seduced his coach, because you’re not going to be able to hide it.”  There was something odd in Phichit’s tone, but he shook it off.  “Anyway, rules like those are meant to keep coaches from using their coaching authority to coerce or force skaters into things they’re not comfortable with.  No one’s going to believe you if you tell them you’re not just as thirsty as he is.  If Viktor’s taking advantage of you, it’s because you’re the world’s biggest Nikiforov Fanboy, not because he’s your coach.”  Phichit grinned, but as before, there was something a little off about it.  “It’s not like you’d have hooked up with Ciao Ciao…”

Yuuri snorted.  “Ciao Ciao wouldn’t try.”

“Viktor probably wouldn’t do this with another skater, either.  If Yuri 2 had won Onsen on Ice, I can’t see Viktor tackling him at Skate Canada.  He loves you.  I’ve been watching him closely this whole time, and he’s gone.  I don’t know how or when it happened, but it did.  I think it’s sweet.  Don’t worry about him being your coach.  You love him, right?”

“Okay, I’m hurt now.  You didn’t watch me skate?  My theme this seasons is all about my big fat gay love for Viktor Nikiforov.”

Phichit patted his arm.  “I was watching.  After Onsen on Ice, Ciao Ciao stopped muttering threats about throwing away his career and spending the rest of his life in jail for murder if Viktor was just bored and using you as a toy… but then after your regional, he started again.  Different reason – it was obvious he was taking coaching you seriously, but he was afraid that Viktor might be playing with your heart in the name of coaching.  We’re not worried about that anymore, not after watching him during the short program.  We both noticed the same thing – Viktor kept looking away from Chris’s skating to watch you instead.  And then, today’s shenanigans…”

“You… Viktor?  Loves me?”

“Yep.  I don’t know why you’re so surprised, you’re very loveable once someone gets past your walls.  Clearly, he’s done that.”  Yuuri started struggling to breathe, and Phichit grabbed his arms to get him sitting on the bed.  “You’re okay, Yuuri.  Just breathe, okay?  You’re safe, I’m right here, you’ve got a shiny silver medal and your wildest dreams are coming true…”

Yuuri shook his head.  “Not my wildest.  My wildest dreams are never going to come true.”

Phichit raised an eyebrow.  “Okay.  Let’s hear it.  Why not?”

“I’m sure you’ll be shocked to learn that it involves Vitya.”

“Vitya?”

“Viktor.