the last train of the night’s already left by the time I could get there now.”

Well.  That was a longer drive than Otabek had planned on, but it didn’t matter.  “Well, if I can’t get you to the station in time, I can just take you home.”

“That’s a long-ass drive for someone you don’t even know.”

“Maybe.  Are you coming or not?”

 

Yuri had not expected to see the motorcycle this weirdo led him to.  If it weren’t for the fact that he recognized the weirdo as the guy who’d been trying to talk to him when JJ decided to be a worse asshole than usual and gave it up to haul the asshole away, Yuri would be turning around.  Well, that, and the fact that if he turned around, he was completely fucked.  There was no way he was walking the fifteen kilometers home, he couldn’t afford a taxi or Uber, he’d end up breaking into the school to sleep in the home ec room or something and hope not to get caught this time.

Yuri took the helmet from… “What’s your name anyway?”

“Otabek Altin.”  Otabek got on the motorcycle.  “Where am I going?”

“Take me to the station, there may be just enough time for me to catch the train.”  Yuri got on the back of the bike and tried to figure out what to do with his hands, eventually deciding to hold onto the seat.  Everything he’d seen in the movies had the passenger holding onto the driver, and that just felt weird.

Otabek was a good driver, but they just missed the train.  Yuri swore.  “I’ll figure something out, really, you don’t have to…”

“I know I don’t.  I don’t mind, really.  Think you can shout directions loudly enough, or should I get the address and program my GPS?”  Yuri gave Otabek the address.  He didn’t trust his voice on this thing.  “Okay.  You might want to hang on to me out on the highway.”  Yuri hesitated, so Otabek reached back and guided Yuri’s hands to a secure grip on his hips.  “Ready?”

“Uh… yeah, I guess.”  Yuri wasn’t, but if they waited for him to be…

Once they got on the highway, though, Yuri forgot his fear.  This was fun.  This was cool.  This… was everything Yuri wanted to be but wasn’t.  His grandpa would never let him get a motorcycle.  Otabek made being cool look so easy.  It didn’t help that he was in a band, playing keyboard and writing most of their music.

Okay, maybe Yuri paid a little more attention to Otabek than he’d ever let on.

All too soon, Otabek pulled to a stop outside Yuri’s house.  Yuri got off the bike and took off his helmet.  “Hey.  You should come in, dinner won’t be fancy but there’s always plenty to heat up.  Let me say thanks for driving me home.”

Otabek glanced at his phone.  “I can’t, I’ve gotta get home, my parents will start wondering where I am soon.  Some other night, maybe?”

Yuri swallowed the disappointment.  “Sure.  When’s good for you?”

“Thursday?  No talent show practice, no band practice or gig, if your dance practice lets out at a reasonable time… I’m happy to give you a ride again, save you the train fare.”

So it wasn't an attempt to politely avoid him.  What a relief.  “Dance practice will be over by 6:30, is that reasonable?”  Otabek held out a thumbs-up.  “Okay.  So, Thursday, then.”

“Good.”   Otabek held out a hand.  “Are we friends now?”

“Um… sure.  Why not.”  Yuri took Otabek’s hand.  “Thanks for the ride home.”  On a sudden impulse he leaned forward and kissed Otabek’s cheek.  Then he realized what he’d done, and turned to flee inside.

 

Otabek didn’t stop thinking about the kiss all week.  Thursday he went home after school and hid in his room trying to figure out what to wear.  On the one hand, Yuri liked cool, Otabek seemed to pass for that in his usual clothes.  On the other hand, he was likely going to meet Yuri’s grandfather, and if Mr. Plisetsky had seen the kiss, Otabek wanted to be dressed nicely.

His little sister Dariya pointed and laughed at him.  “Dinner with the grandfather?  You sure move fast.”

“Shut up.  He probably didn’t mean it like that.”  Otabek decided to compromise.  Black jeans and boots were practical if he was going to be on the motorcycle, as was the leather jacket, which he could zip up enough to hide the button-down and sweater for the most part.

“Good luck!”  Dariya waved as Otabek headed for