has been eyeing you the whole night? ” Phichit whispered softly to Yuuri.

“ I… Um   what  ?” Yuuri glanced over to Viktor, cheeks slightly flushing as the older male tried to play it off by looking away. He then glanced to Phichit with wide eyes. “  I cannot believe that he’s staring at me but… Why me ?”

“ It might be because of what you’re wearing, you know. Viktor Nikiforov might not seem gay, but I think he is. For you. ”

Yuuri shook his head almost immediately, “ No. Absolutely not. I don’t think that’s true. Viktor would never be interested in me. Stop trying to get that into my brain. It’ll never happen. ”

“ Whatever, Yuuri.  ” Phichit rolled his eyes. “  Stay in denial. ”

Yuuri sighed and stood up, flicking the Thai on the forehead before walking away from him. “I’m going upstairs! Goodnight everyone!”

“Are you sure, Yuuri?” Jean asked. “You don’t want to come out for drinks with us then?”

“I don’t drink before competitions. It’s a strict rule.” Yuuri was not going to allow anyone else to protest to his decision any further. He headed straight up to his hotel room, expecting to be alone for a long while. If Viktor, the Russian, was going to go out and do some heavy drinking then he was sure he might not be back until later that night. He was excited about that. Some alone time.

It didn’t last rather long.

Viktor ended up coming back up five minutes later and was actually stripping out of his clothes into his pajamas. Why? Yuuri didn’t bother to ask because he felt as if he would be intruding. He did eye him when he came back out from the bathroom in the clothes and tilted his head to the side in question. That gave him the answer without intruding (in Yuuri’s logic).

“It’s the night before the competition, and honestly I think your rule is logical. Plus I don’t want you to be alone.”

“I’m fine with being alone…”

“I still think it’s best to relax in the hotel room and sleep later on,” Viktor smiled gently before then moving to sit on the bed. “Come on. What’s so bad about me going up there with you, Yuuri~?” The male couldn’t help but giggle.

Yuuri huffed and decided to distract himself by his phone. Being around his idol was dangerous at this point, especially sleeping in the same bed next to him. He wanted to cuddle with the man, be held by him and never let him go, but of course, he couldn’t ask of that. That would be too much, and it wasn’t Yuuri at all. He’s never been in a relationship, and he wouldn’t want to be in one now when he didn’t know anyone who would be willing to love him. Viktor just thought of him as his roommate, and he was damn sure that he wouldn’t be falling in love with the male anytime soon. They rarely talked to each other, especially with their schedules. Tomorrow’s competition was going to be difficult for Yuuri since he needed to place somehow in fourth. He seemed to cut it close all the time and would always fall last or fifth place, right before the cutoff. Sometimes the cut off was him needing to make third, but he just couldn’t make it.

“I can’t wait to get these next two days over with…” Yuuri sighed.

“Oh, isn’t your birthday coming up? Your friend invited me.”

“You don’t have to go if you don’t want to. It might just be some boring get together, and no one would be paying attention to me since…”

Viktor shrugged. “I can drink, I can talk to the other skaters, and celebrate. I would think I would already be in now but~ I have to get through this competition~.”

“Easy for you,” Yuuri sighed softly. “But unlike you, some people actually have to work for what they get. They aren’t perfect.”

“Excuse me?” Viktor raised a brow. “What did you say?”

Yuuri glanced off to the side. Damn it. These stupid… These stupid mood swings. He quickly stood up and shook his head. “I told you I wanted to be left alone.” This was the best he could do. He wanted to be alone for as long as he was able to… So maybe sleeping right now would be the better idea. He decided to move underneath the covers and curl up a little bit, trying to stay quiet so he could fall asleep. He didn’t want to hear anything from Viktor again. Not tonight. He fucked things up, and he knew that right away.

“...” Viktor sighed. “You think like everyone else. I struggle too.”

“Just leave