skating.  Seung Gil met her eyes with a determined glare.  “I’m doing this whether you approve or not, so you might as well approve of it and spare us both the drama.”

“I was going to insist on it.  This is a huge breakthrough for you, Seung Gil.  I’m proud of you.”

 

Phichit missed Seung Gil.  Why shouldn’t he?  That was why he’d unfollowed Seung Gil.  He didn’t block him, leaving the hope open that Seung Gil might actually care that he was gone and message him to apologize and talk things out, but he couldn’t watch as Seung Gil, under Minso’s watchful eye, continued to live his life the same as ever even without Phichit.

Leo and Guang Hong understood, mostly, and avoided Seung Gil’s social media too.  Occasionally Phichit would see something from Otabek or Yuuri, about Seung Gil’s dog or training.  Seung Gil was in the Rostelecom Cup, which had Phichit conflicted.  It was always good to check out the competition, but seeing Seung Gil…

He couldn’t just skip it.  Leo was there, too, along with Otabek and Yuri.  Phichit was skating against Otabek in China, Yuri and Leo in France.  He decided to watch, but shut it off when Seung Gil came on.  Research or not, he couldn’t, and he could always YouTube it if Seung Gil made the Finals and Phichit was going to skate against him.  Four Continents and Worlds were too far away for him to think about just yet.

Seung Gil ended up winning gold in Russia.  The medal ceremony hadn’t even started when Phichit’s phone started blowing up.  Guang Hong, Otabek, Yuuri, Viktor… okay, Celestino was probably important.  He called back.

“Did you watch the Rostelecom Cup?”

“Ciao Ciao, did you seriously text me to check if I was doing my homework?”

“No.  You know how to find videos on YouTube if you had something else to do tonight.  Did you watch?”

“Yes, most of it.  What happened to Yuri?”

“I don’t know.  Growth spurt, probably, he’s that age.  Did you watch Seung Gil?”

“No.  I know, he won gold, he’s currently the biggest target for Finals, I should have watched, but…”

“That’s not why you should watch it.  I mean, yes, I’m fairly certain you’ll be skating against him in Finals.  Viktor might beat him, but no one else will in Japan, and you’ll notice I said might.”

“Whoa.  That good, huh?”  He successfully managed to avoid hearing any rumors about Seung Gil’s theme or music, and now, he really didn’t want to know.  Losing Phichit meant Seung Gil did skating that had Celestino – who was not prone to exaggeration – thinking he might beat Viktor Nikiforov?

“That good.  You will probably be asked about it, so watch it so you’re prepared for the questions.”

 

Seung Gil didn’t beat Viktor, but silver was good enough to get him to the Finals.  Phichit made it, too, which had Seung Gil nervous.  Phichit had said a few generically nice things about Seung Gil’s skating in the press, but nothing to indicate that he got it.  That he knew the program was for him, and that it was sincere, not just a performance.

It wasn’t unusual for Seung Gil to spend the down time during a competition alone.  Avoiding Phichit in the holding room was awkward, with only six skaters around, but with Yuuri and Viktor there, Phichit at least had his best friend to hang out with.  Seung Gil kept his headphones on and his head down, focusing entirely on keeping himself loose and ready to skate.  He was in fourth after the short program, behind Viktor, Yuuri, and Otabek.  Phichit was fifth, JJ last.

Seung Gil took the ice, and for the first time in his career, his nerves were threatening to take over.  Normally, while he skated, he calculated points.  It kept him calm, kept him focused.  This time, though, he couldn’t help it.  He didn’t care about the points or the medals or any of that.  He cared about getting his message through to Phichit.  Look at me now, he begged with a camel spin.  I understand now, a quad loop said.  He’d promised to work with Phichit on the quad loop last summer, but then… Phichit left.  I didn’t know love when I had it, his choreographic sequence apologized.  His final pose – his heart was in his hands, held out to an imaginary lover.

He looked for Phichit as he left the ice.  Phichit wasn’t anywhere to be seen.  Minso didn’t have anything to tell him.  Seung Gil’s score didn’t beat Yuuri’s world record from the year before, but it was close, and it was the best he’d ever