of the road, and Emil pulled over beside it.  He changed quickly into the jeans and hiking boots he had in his truck – Espy would be more likely to forgive the delay than the mud on his suit.  The mud was hard to slog through, but he was stubborn enough to get out to the truck.

When he got there, he waved to Leo and got ignored.  He knocked on the windshield, and continued to get ignored.  He took a closer look at Leo and started laughing.  He pounded hard on the door and then noticed it was unlocked.  He wrenched it open.  “LEO!”

“Wha…”  Leo finished what he was doing, and Emil groaned.

“That’s gonna be a bitch to clean up.”

“Emil!”  Leo reached for the towel on the seat beside him and started wiping cum off the wheel.  “What the hell are you… how did you get here so fast?  I was thinking I had another ten minutes easy!”

Emil pointed to his truck.  “And you decided that jerking off was the right thing to do while you waited for someone to get you to your sister’s wedding?  Do I have to start calling you Michele?”

Leo smacked him with the towel.  “No.  God no.  Are you here to help me or make fun of me?”

“I came to help you, but you know me, I will take any opportunity I get to make fun of someone.”  Emil took a look around the car.  “Looks pretty deep, but I think I can haul you out.  Might cause some damage to your car, so if you’d rather wait for a tow truck…”

“My sister is getting married.  Get me there.  My car can be fixed or replaced.”

“All right.  Finish getting your car cleaned up, I’m not explaining to Esperanza what her brother was doing while he waited for me.”

Leo laughed and went back to cleaning up his mess.  Emil walked back to the truck and got it in position to pull Leo out, and then ran chains to Leo’s axle.  “All right.  Sit tight, keep your foot off the brakes and gas, wait until I say.”

“All right.”  Leo leaned back.

“And keep your hands off the wheel - but also out of your pants, you idiot!”

“You’re the boss, asshole.”  Leo put his hands up over his head.

Emil shook his head and started up his truck.  Getting Leo’s car out on the road wasn’t that hard.  The only problem was that he was facing the wrong way.  Emil hopped out of his truck and collected the chains.  “You good, Leo?”

“Yeah, thanks.  I really appreciate this.  You okay?”

“Yeah, think I may skip the wedding and go take a shower instead.  Esperanza won’t mind me missing, but you…”

“Go take a shower, huh?  Jerking off while my sister’s getting married?” Leo teased.

Emil laughed and just barely stopped himself from smacking Leo and getting mud on him.  “Hey, she’s not my sister, she’s my friend’s sister.  Bit surprised I was invited in the first place – although that worked out very well.”

Leo chuckled.  “You were invited because she’s got this crazy idea that I need to hook up with Sara, which meant inviting both Crispinos, and I told her that you were the best bet for distracting Michele.  Not that it’s going to work, but hey, I get to see friends I wasn’t expecting to.”

Emil punched Leo’s shoulder, mud be damned.  “Have you tried explaining to your sister that Sara’s lesbian?”

“I’ve tried.  She keeps insisting that bisexuality is a thing and how do I know if I don’t try?”  Leo shook his head.  “And yes, I’ve tried explaining to her that yes, I know bisexuality is a thing, I’m bi myself, but Sara is not.”

“If you decide to try to get with Michele, good fucking luck.  Boy’s dense.”

“Oh fuck no.  I know he's your best friend, but dude is creepy."  Emil gave a rueful huff.  "No luck for you?” Leo said sympathetically.

“Nope.  I’m officially done.  Sara’s been with Mila for three years and Michele still can’t get through his head that he doesn’t need to protect her from the boys and he can go find his own.”

“That sucks, dude.”

“Better than my last breakup."  Leo gave him a questioning look.  "Asshole strung me along for three years and then dumped me to get into a ‘real’ relationship.  I still have no idea who I got dumped for, it’s some big secret.”

“Dude.  What’s with you and people who won’t give you an answer?”

“I dunno.  What about you?  Obviously not Sara, but you got anyone you are interested in