he won gold.  Viktor was retired, as was Chris, Katsudon and Leo were injured, leaving only a few real competitors.  Silver medalist Ji Guang Hong medaled for the first time at World’s, and Beka took bronze.  Four years running.

Once the medals were awarded and the last strains of the Russian national anthem faded away, Beka stepped up to the gold step and stretched up to whisper to Yuri.  “My bike’s right outside.  Get away from the reporters quickly enough and I’ll take you with me when I go find some trouble.”

“Be there as soon as I can.”  Yuri was not in the least worried that Beka would leave without him.  Still, he practically ran to the changing room.  At every competition since he turned 16, there had been a stuffed cat with a note.  At first, he’d assumed it was one or more of Yuri’s Angels, so he didn’t think too much about it.  Over time, though, he’d become genuinely charmed by his secret admirer, and wanted to know who it was.  He’d said as much on his Instagram, but no one had come forward.

Today’s cat was a beautiful snow leopard wearing a sky-blue T-shirt with a golden sun.  The note was sweet, printed on bright yellow paper.  “The only thing prettier than a gold medal is the look in your eyes when you get a new one.  I am so happy I got to see it again tonight.  I love you, Yuri.”

He snapped a picture and posted it to Instagram, with the note as a caption and the hashtags #secretadmirer #whoareyou #smoothasfuck.  He then changed as quickly as he could.  He resolutely shoved his phone in the pocket of his jacket without looking at it again.

Media placated, Yuri headed for the doors.  He had just made it out when he heard a slightly familiar voice.  “Yuri!  Hold up!”

He waved to Otabek and rolled his eyes before turning around and plastering on a scowl.  Even Lilia had given up on trying to make him smile for the reporters.  “What?”

“You did really good, Yuri.  That was amazing.  I hope next time I’ll be up on the podium with you!”

Yuri blinked a couple times before recognizing the guy.  Richard Dubois, a French skater who had just made his senior debut this season.  He’d finished well out of the medals this year.  “You’ll have to work hard.  Katsuki and Leo should be back next time.”

“But Michele Crispino is retiring, and I’ve got a lot of room to improve.”  Richard gave him a huge smile and reached out to pet the stuffed cat.  “You’re really cute, you know.”

“Are you talking to me or the leopard?”

Richard laughed and stopped playing with the cat.  “You.  Wanna go out sometime?”

“Um…”  Yuri glanced over his shoulder at the sound of a motorcycle revving.  Was Beka actually getting impatient?  He thought he'd done good at keeping the interviews as short as possible.  “I gotta go.  We’ll talk again sometime.”  He turned and ran for the bike, swinging up on the back.  Beka took off before Yuri had finished strapping on his helmet, causing Yuri to wrap one arm around his friend and slam his other hand over the helmet.

He pulled over after only a couple minutes.  “Sorry, Yura.  Are you okay?”

“I’ll be fine once my heart rate settles.  What the fuck, Beka?”

“Not my finest moment, I admit.  Bear with me for a bit and I’ll explain everything when we get where we’re going?”

Yuri took the opportunity to fix his helmet.  “Where are we going?”

“Club.  One of my buddies is DJing and I don’t have to sneak you in anymore.  We didn’t do anything for your birthday, so I’m making up for that now.”

Yuri smiled.  “You better not be planning on making me do birthday shots, because I’m not doing it.”

“Hell no.  I want you sober tonight.”

“Okay…”  Yuri tried to process that.  It didn’t make much sense.  “Let’s go.  I’m looking forward to the explanation.”

Otabek got the bike back on the road and pulled up outside a small club.  He walked right by the line waiting to get in and handed the bouncer a piece of paper.  The bouncer nodded and waved the two of them inside.  “Nice.”

“What’s the point of being a celebrity if you never abuse it to skip lines?”  Otabek reached out and put a hand on Yuri’s back, guiding him through the crowd to a table near the DJ booth.  He waved to the DJ, who stared at Yuri appraisingly before shooting Otabek a wink.

“Is that Sanjar?”  Sanjar was the only one of Otabek’s Kazakh friends he hadn’t met, but he looked familiar from Instagram.

“Yes.  He