to work, and you’ve just been sleeping in my room anyways so I thought it was high time I just moved your stuff to the master bedroom and turn the guest room into a studio! I talked to Minako and she got in touch with your sister, and the shipping company just finished setting up when you were helping out at her place.” 





“Victor, I really appreciate it, but how...how much did that piano cost? And oh god, is that a 

Bechstein

?!”





“Happy three month anniversary!”



 

 


“And that’s how I have a studio now.”


“So let me get this straight,” Phichit said. “Your sugar daddy boyfriend—don’t fight me on this Yuuri, you know it’s true— bought you a twenty-thousand plus Bechstein because it was your three month anniversary? Damn, need me a freak like that.”


“Phichit, why are we friends?”



“Shutting up now.”



“Thank you. Now, does everyone have their sheet music I sent over last week?”



Murmurs of 

yes 

went around the room.



“How many of you actually practiced?”



Dead silence.



“Well, we have the whole day, and everything’s already set up. Emil, your drum set got here twenty minutes ago and you could give them a check. Tuning is in ten minutes, and I need to check on the green tea cake I still have in the oven, so Phichit finish your ice cream and get ready please!”


 

 


“Why the fuck are you even here,” Yuri snarled as the taller man curled up into his couch with his horse of a dog on top of him, Yuri’s cats snuggled into the poodle’s fur (the little traitors!). “It’s Sunday. Stop bumming around my house and go bother the piggy already!”



“But 

Yuuuuuraaaaaa

, he’s shunted me out for the day to record the final version of 

that 

song! Does he not love me anymore? A whole day!”



“Old geezer, why are you like this. I’m almost one hundred percent sure he kicked you out because you’re gonna poke your head in there every fifteen seconds and Katsudon will never get any work done, ever.”



Victor took the chance to break down into the most fake-sounding sobs Yuri has ever heard, and buried his face into Vera’s fur. “I’m so wounded, Yurio! I don’t think I’ll ever be able to recover.”



“Get off my couch!”



“No, I don’t think so. Do you want my advice for your short program or not?”



“Grandpa! Please if the police show up and demand to know where Victor Nikiforov is, cover for me!”



“Yuratchka! Take your murder crime scenes outside the house! No homicide under my roof!”


 

 


“Whew, Yuuri! This piece is one hell of an arrangement. This syncopation is insane!” Phichit laughed as they stopped for the second time at the passage. “How do you expect my bow to keep up?” Sara and Michele nodded from beside him, good-naturedly ribbing Yuuri.



“Giving me a real workout too,” Emil huffed. “Your percussion parts are not hard, but they require a heck of a lot of control.”



Yuuri ran a hand through his hair, wiping his glasses before pouting at his friends. “Alright, I get it, it’s a hard piece to play ensemble! But one more time, from the top! We can play through this again, and then we’ll break for cake. Seung-gil, one more time?”



Seung-gil nodded, fiddling with the recording equipment. He gave the signal, and with a deep breath, Yuuri started.



Within the first two bars, he knew that this one was it.




The notes run over themselves, like rain water over the streets of St. Petersburg, like the rain when Mari tells him Vicchan is dead, like the rain on the windows when they tell him for the eleventh time that it isn’t good enough. The sound of the rain as he plays alone in an empty dance studio.





Then, with a gradually growing beat, Victor walks into his life. An underlying string melody lengthens and deepens his days. 





The call and response strengthens

— 

a dance, a question, an answer. Walks in the park, watching stupid movies together, looking through a bookstore and pointing out favourite books. And then

— 




Gentle piano notes, like gliding silently over ice, like realizing on the couch that he has never been this smashingly happy in his life, watching Victor laugh with the dappled light on his silver hair.





The chords and arpeggios pick up again, strength and beauty together. Their relationship is not without its flaws

—

Victor is still airheaded, forgetful, and painfully blunt, and Yuuri is not without his crippling insecurities and fears.





It’s strength in the moments when the presence of the reporters outside their door grows too heavy and Victor will close the blinds and kiss him, quietly and a solid shield against the flash of cameras. It’s beauty