, Chris said goodnight and went home.  He was well and truly fucked.  Phichit was even more adorable in person.

 

You had to be eighteen to sign up, so on his 18th birthday, Phichit had signed up for the escort service.  He quickly became popular, and earned as much money as he wanted for college on dates.  He convinced his friend Yuuri to sign up, too, and eventually Yuuri started to recognize that yes, he was attractive, people were attracted to him.  Just in time, too, as Viktor Nikiforov swept in and hired Yuuri.  And then hired him again.  Before long, Yuuri and Viktor were dating for real, and Yuuri had called the night before to tell him that he’d asked Viktor to marry him and Viktor said yes.

Phichit was thrilled for his friend.  He’d never dated anyone through the site that he could see himself wanting to marry, but a lot of the people on the site went dark with a notice that a client had become a real partner.  Maybe it would happen for him, maybe it wouldn’t, but in the meantime, it was fun and easy money.

The request to hire him for a wedding was hardly unusual in itself, but when he checked out the guy behind it, Phichit was intrigued.  He sent back the usual list of questions for that scenario – in Phichit’s experience, people didn’t want to admit that they hired a date off a website, which meant lying, which meant it was best to get their story planned in advance.

Chris knew he was a liar, so he didn’t feel bad about lying to Chris that the coffee meetup was just part of their arrangement.  It was a good idea and he was happy to throw it in, but most people, he’d have charged extra.  Chris he was just so curious to meet in person.  When they left, and Phichit made it back to his apartment, he squealed.  Maybe he would be the next one to go dark having found something more long-term.

 

The wedding itself turned out to be a disaster.  This was NOT Chris’s fault, nor Phichit’s.  It had nothing to do with them at all.  It had to do with Christophe’s beloved cousin Sophie and whatever the hell her fiancé’s name was – Chris couldn’t remember, he hadn’t actually met the guy until today – getting into a fight when the best man walked in on Sophie on her knees with her tongue occupied by the maid of honor and told the fiancé.

Chris stayed and did the expecting thing of gasping in shock and commiserating with the families and friends who had gathered to attend the wedding.  The aunt who most stridently demanded that Chris find himself a lovely young person to love now changed her tune, insisting that love was for the birds and could never be trusted.

They left as soon as they decently could, at which point Phichit started laughing so hard he could no longer walk.  “So… I’m guessing that’s not exactly what you had in mind when you hired me.”

“No.  Not at all.  I am so sorry.  Should have guessed that Sophie would turn out to be…”

Phichit shook his head.  “Don’t apologize, that’s probably the best date I’ve ever been on for one of these!  I was actually thinking of offering you a refund or a rain check or something because you can’t be fully satisfied with how things went.”

“Well, no, but that’s nothing to do with you.  Your part went fine.  Sophie owes me a refund or something, but you, no.”

“Maybe, but if you take the rain check, I have an excuse to see you again.”

Chris’s heart skipped a beat.  “If you want to see me again, you could just ask.  In fact, I should probably go ahead and set up something anyway, so that next time there’s a wedding and my aunts have forgotten all about this drama as anything but a gossip story, we have at least kind of real stuff to mix in with the lies…”

“Or we could just meet up.  Like, a real date?  That way there’s less concern about boundaries…” Phichit winked.

Chris could have sworn his heart stopped.  “A real date?  You… you like me?”

“I like you.  So if you like me…”

“I do.”

“Then let’s do it!  When’s good for you?”

“Well, my plans for today just got cancelled…”

Phichit beamed.  “What a coincidence, so did mine.”

After Otabek and Yuri's wedding, Chris and Phichit sleep in and talk.

Despite the short notice and the surprise factor of it – Phichit and Chris found out about it only a week before it happened – Yuri and Otabek had pulled together quite the memorable wedding.  Phichit didn’t want to know where they got the trained tiger to walk Yuri down the aisle, or the bear that walked with Otabek.

Russian tradition apparently demanded that