as social media pals.  Not as soulmates.”

“Sounds good to me!”  Guang Hong smiled shyly at Leo.  “Does that work for you?  There’s no reason the two of you can’t get a head start…”

Leo shook his head.  “That’s not fair to you, and I don’t mind waiting for you.  Phichit, who are you going to tell?  Will you be able to keep the secret on social media?”

“Yes.  I’ll just post that while I’m very happy with my soulbond, I have good reason for keeping it quiet for now.  I’ll tell Celestino, Yuuri, and my parents."  Phichit paused to consider a moment.  "Maybe Viktor.  If Yuuri will make him keep it quiet.”

 

Celestino listened to Phichit’s soulmate situation, and he came up with a plan.  Leo’s coach was an old friend, and he knew Guang Hong’s coach slightly.  Enough to know that she would be bringing Guang Hong to the US or Canada for the summer.  Getting them to bring their skaters to Detroit wasn’t hard at all, so Leo and Guang Hong would get the chance to meet without Phichit doing anything but introducing two of his friends when they happened to be in the same place at the same time.

As Phichit had expected even before learning they were soulmates, Leo and Guang Hong got along amazingly.  A week or so after they arrived, Leo took advantage of Guang Hong being gone for a bit to smack Phichit.  Phichit rubbed his arm.  “What was that for?”

Leo crossed his arms and glared.  “I haven’t decided yet.  Either it’s for not introducing me to Guang Hong a lot earlier, or for introducing me to him now.”

“Okay, I’m confused.”  He didn't understand the second part at all.  Why on Earth would Leo be mad at him for introducing him to a new friend?

“Look, I know there are a lot of people who say to hell with it and date people who aren’t their soulmates while they’re waiting, but I’m not allowed to.  I was already fighting one temptation, and now... Guang Hong is so adorable!  The next year is going to be so hard.”

Phichit wanted so badly to tell Leo the truth, but he couldn’t.  Instead, he just started laughing, a full-body laugh that had him falling to the ground.  “You are so ridiculous.  For whatever it’s worth, I think he likes you too.”

“That really doesn’t help!”  Leo stalked off, leaving Phichit wiping the tears of laughter from his eyes and hoping to survive the next year.

 

A couple days later, Guang Hong found Phichit.  “So, did I do something to piss you off and this is revenge…?”

“You like Leo but can’t date him because you’re too young?” Phichit guessed.

Guang Hong's eyes got wide.  “You know?”

Of course he knew, but he couldn't say how.  Fortunately, he was good at quick-thinking bullshit.  “I thought the two of you would be great friends, but I haven’t missed the way you look at him when you don’t think anyone’s looking.  Don’t ask him out when you turn sixteen, he believes in waiting for your soulmate no matter what, but I’m pretty sure he’d say yes if he could.”

Guang Hong sat beside him, looking worried.  “Are… are you mad at me for liking him?  You’re kind of flirty with him, do you want to date him?”

What a complicated question that Phichit could in no way answer with any kind of explanation.  “I’d love to date him if he weren’t waiting for his birthday.  I’m not mad at you, though, I mean how could you help liking him that way?  Just means you’ve got good taste!”

 

Leo spent the next year talking to his meatspace friends about the two adorable boys he knew who he really liked but couldn’t date.  Most of them were sympathetic.  “There’s hope that Guang Hong is your soulmate, right?  Phichit would’ve said something, but Guang Hong is younger than you?” his little sister said as he got ready for bed the night of his dream.

“Just because I can’t have him doesn’t mean I don’t want him,” Leo said.  “Good night, Espy.”  He hugged his sister and headed off to bed.

The first thing he saw in his dream was Phichit holding out an ice cream cone.  “Happy birthday, Leo!”

“Phichit?  Why…”

Phichit grinned easily.  “Because.”  He jerked a thumb at Guang Hong.  “Too young on my birthday, so we all agreed to wait for yours.”

“You’re…”  Leo narrowed his eyes at Phichit.  “You’ve known about this since before Guang Hong and I met.  You knew about this when