What’s your name?”

“Lee Seung Gil.  I’m a skater, too.  Don’t tell me.  I’ll come find you when I’ve had my dream and we can figure this out then.  Until then, I’m going to concentrate on skating.”

 

The next morning, Takeshi found Yuuko with her mother, Mari, and Hiroko, arguing over the menu.  She caught his eyes and excused herself.  “What is it?”

“We’ve got a complication.  I have another soulmate.”

Yuuko blinked a couple times.  “Tell me it’s not Yuuri.  Not that there’s anything wrong with Yuuri, just I’m going to be incredibly jealous if he’s your soulmate and not mine.”

Takeshi chuckled.  “You said that in the dream, too.  Nope.  Not Yuuri.  I didn’t know him before last night.  He doesn’t want to know until he’s eighteen so he can focus on his skating, so we have some time to figure out what to do about him, but I don’t want to just shut him out.  If he has another soulmate too, that’s one thing, but he didn’t think he would.”

“Of course.  Can we go tell my mom?  Please?  I am very much looking forward to hearing what she has to say about this.”

Yuuko’s mom had nothing to say.  She just got up and left the room when they told her.  Mari thought it was hilarious.  Yuuko’s mom got a little better when she realized that Takeshi was still marrying Yuuko, but it was never quite the same after that.  Despite his standing up to her and insisting that his opinion was the one that mattered when it came to Yuuko – his opinion, of course, being that Yuuko was a smart woman who could state her own opinions and make her own choices – Takeshi had always been her favorite.  She couldn’t quite get her head around her favorite, the Good Boy, having another soulmate.

 

Completely by coincidence, Seung Gil happened to be in Hasetsu for his birthday.  Yuuri and Viktor had come to visit, and brought several of their friends.  Phichit was Yuuri’s best friend, and he wanted Seung Gil to come so Seung Gil came.  Takeshi caught Phichit in a quiet moment.  “Is Seung Gil your soulmate?”

“No.  I’d have told him if I were.  He thinks he doesn’t have one.  Why do you ask?”

“I was curious.  Do you know when his birthday is?”

“Tomorrow, actually.  It’s why he’s kind of isolated himself tonight.”  Phichit sighed.  “I hope he has a soulmate.  A good one.  I’m happy with mine, but a part of me wishes I could have been his soulmate too.”

“Do you love him, or is that just a ‘because then I’d know he has a soulmate who cares’?”

“The second one.”

They were interrupted then – Yuuko needed help with the triplets – and Takeshi left lost in thought.  Yuuko noticed.  Once the girls were settled into bed, she asked about it.

“Seung Gil’s birthday is tomorrow.”

“Oh.  Wow.  Don’t worry about me and the girls, there’s a million people I can get to help me so that you can have as much time as you need to talk to him and figure this out.  And... whatever else you two decide to do.”

“He may want to talk to you.”

“If he does, I’ll be around.  Just come get me.”

 

Takeshi went and found Seung Gil early the next morning, getting to him just as he woke up.  “You’re here?”

“We’re soulmates.  I told Yuuko way back on my birthday…”

“Is that why her mom hates me so much?”

“Yeah, sorry about that.”

Seung Gil shrugged.  “It’s no big deal.  I don’t like her either.  I'm happy to avoid her.”

“Anyway, you’re part of the family.  However you want this to work.  Do you have another soulmate?”

“No.  Just you.  I assume it’s the same for Yuuko?”

“It is.  I won’t leave Yuuko and I can’t leave the girls, but I’m not leaving you out there alone unless you can make me believe that’s really what you want.”

Seung Gil shook his head.  “I don’t think I could.  I’m a terrible liar.”

Takeshi smiled at that.  “What happened in your dream?”

“Basically the first part of this conversation, until I decided that I was just going to have to have the same conversation again so we might as well save it for when you’d remember.  Then a lot of sex.”

“Heh.  So you haven’t really had much time to think about what you want to do.”

“No.  You’re sure Yuuko is okay with this