as all I can think about is Victor’s reaction. It worried and kind of hurt me that he seemed upset- not that I feel that way about coaches’ disappointment all the time- but I don’t think I’m deserving of it right now! If performers feel that they did well, then they probably did. So… was my judgment wrong? Did I enhance the good parts in my head too much? Did the quad flip and lack of tension and fatigue not make up for the small handful of mistakes I made? It felt like it did…

I can’t help it- I turn back around to check if Victor looks any different, but, to my confusion, he’s not in the same place I last saw him. Instead, I catch his easily recognizable form of silver hair and brown coat a little to the right, running towards the gap in the barrier surrounding the rink. So, without wasting any more time, I make my way in that direction too.

Quickly picking and gliding my way across the ice, I notice how he doesn’t look as put-off as he did just a bit ago- more like he’s desperate and frantic to meet me, and as if there’s a certain urgency to do it as soon as possible. Weird.

Victor makes it to our shared destination before me, as expected, and rests his hand on top of the short wall to lean forward slightly and catch his breath. My heart flutters a bit: even if he’s upset with me (although he doesn’t really appear to be now), Victor will still rush to meet me after each performance by the edge of the rink, if he wasn’t already there. The adoration for that, for Victor, gives me more of the confidence I felt finishing my performance, than concern for what he thought of it. So, I hold my arms out as I ride the last of my momentum to the divide in the wall, calling excitedly to him, “Victor!” And I can’t help the slight smile on my face as I voice what I feel is true, without any hesitation or doubt (unlike many things I say): “I did great, right?”

He stands up and flips his hair off to the side a bit, back to his elegant and effortless persona, and smiles languidly at me with a nod. Then something unexpected, but pleasantly surprising, happens.

My blades aren’t pushing me forward anymore- something has halted my movement, or more like someone. I get a glimpse of the stadium’s ceiling and its lights, right before all that takes up my vision is Victor. He had practically launched himself at me while I was still on the ice, wrapping me in a sudden embrace- his arms around my neck with one gloved hand in the hair at the back of my head, and I’m sure I must be falling backwards towards the ice now. But that, and everything else other than Victor, barely seems to register in my mind at this moment.

All that registers is the fact that I can see every shade of blue or green or tone in between in Victor’s half-lidded eyes, and the spots where his soft-looking, pink lips glisten temptingly. All that registers is the fact that our faces are closer together than they’ve ever been before, and that the distance only continues to lessen. All that registers is the fact that I’m far too surprised to be able to respond in any way to all of this- unable to hold Victor back or close my eyes as he does his, prior to closing the space between us. The space between our mouths. Instead, all I can do is widen my eyes reflexively at the realization of what is happening.

All I have time to process is that the sensation is soft, but the force is not (the only thing I’ve reasonably expected since skating over to meet Victor- he did kind of throw himself at me). And then, the moment is over. I was barely even bothered by the fall onto the cold, hard ice, and now I hear, but don’t react, to the sound of another crashing wave of ovation all around us. Victor, lying on top of me with his face in my neck, arms in the same position, and me, eyes still wide and now blinking in disbelief over his shoulder with my arms lightly resting on his back, trying to wrap my head around the moment that passed so quickly but seemed to last so long. Everything had seemed like it was in slow-motion, but now, that feeling on my lips was so quick to leave that I wonder if it was even there to begin with.

No, it had to be. Victor wasn’t always tucked into my neck, and that feeling against my mouth was not imagined. There’s a reason my cheeks are hotter than they were before from simply physical exertion.

But… is it really possible? I mean, logically, it makes sense, but