of the small red flowers wafts over Yuuri like a wave and then recedes, Vitya tipping his head away slightly.



Yuuri follows him, speaking softly against his skin. “Why us?”



“Why not?” Vitya pulls away, giving him another keen look. “I have only one purpose, and I must choose well. I opened my eyes for the first time and I saw many people that didn’t interest me. And then I saw the two of you. 

You

 interested me.”



Victor remains almost uncharacteristically silent, though he’s stroking up and down Yuuri’s waist with restrained thirst.



Vitya’s close again, lips brushing the corner of Yuuri’s mouth. “The two of you are beautiful. I want to be part of something beautiful before I disappear. That’s not hard to understand, is it?”



Easier perhaps than this being can imagine. That impetus to mould his body into Victor’s shadow, to capture some small piece of his perfection and keep it for his own. Yuuri cups Vitya’s face gently.



“Don’t hold back, then. Make this as beautiful as you like.” His cheeks burn at the flowery words, and at the (incredibly oblique) permission they give. But before he can stew over it, Vitya kisses him like a sudden summer breeze, thick with the scent of flowers and something hotter and more vitally human. And this time, Yuuri takes it in willingly, flings himself into this with his arms winding around Vitya’s neck.



Victor tightens his arm around him, pressing up against Yuuri’s back with his lips pressing soft against his nape. Yuuri’s mouth opens on a hungry hum of noise, Vitya sucking his lower lip between his own. He can feel Victor’s hard-on pressing against his ass from the confines of his pants, and the head of Vitya’s cock brushes against his stomach, leaving a faint wetness that sends a fresh wave of heat through him. Yuuri fumbles a hand down between them, Victor’s hand bumping, holding his for a brief moment before reaching to pull Vitya’s hips closer while Yuuri angles their dicks up.



That done, Yuuri gropes behind him for Victor’s fly. But it’s hard to focus with Vitya’s tongue in his mouth and their dicks squashed between their stomachs and against each other and Victor catching his earlobe between his teeth and batting his hand away impatiently and then a moment later, Yuuri feels bare skin. Victor makes his dick slide up along his ass, then pulls back for a second, this time slipping under, pushing between his thighs. Yuuri arches, breaking away from Vitya in an inarticulate demand for a kiss that Victor meets eagerly, awkward and too much teeth and so perfectly unsatisfying it hurts. Vitya kisses the edge of his jaw, fingers edging his shirt up until Yuuri gathers the focus to raise his arms and let him pull it free.



There’s so much heat already between their bodies, skin slipping under his fingers and against his lips and sticky-soft when he fucks against Vitya. Victor pants against his shoulder, blatantly looking down the other two bodies as he gropes Yuuri’s hips. He wedges his hand between them, wrapping it loosely around both dicks, so cramped and it shouldn’t feel so good but it leaves Yuuri squirming and catching at Victor’s side, his hip, anything to somehow pull him closer.



It’s just enough to throw off their precarious balance. Victor manages to grab Yuuri around the waist and keep him upright, but Vitya falls back on the bed as if it were part of the most carefully constructed choreography, landing with his hair fanned around his shoulders and one leg pulled up toward his chest.



He stretches luxuriantly, arms curled around his head and a self-satisfied smile on his lips. “Well?”



Both of them stand silent for a second. Then Victor plants both palms on the small of Yuuri’s back and shoves.



Yuuri barely catches himself, left face-to-face with a delighted Vitya who immediately winds his arms around his neck and kisses him, leg wrapping around Yuuri’s hip. He can hear Victor rustling around and he’s a little curious but all he wants to do is fuck against Vitya’s sweaty skin.



A kiss pressed between his shoulderblades and cool plastic tucked into his hand. “Yuuri,” Victor murmurs against his skin, his bangs sliding ticklish-soft as he nuzzles his back. Yuuri feels his hand on his ass, followed by a cool smear of liquid. Victor’s fingers curl around his on the lube bottle, drawing his hand down. Yuuri breaks off the kiss with Vitya, burying his face against his shoulder, but Vitya has no embarrassed reservations, hoisting his leg a little higher on Yuuri’s hip and urging their hands down faster. It takes some fumbling to get the lube open but they manage, and then Yuuri’s pressing his toes against the hardwood floor and sliding gooey fingers up to find Vitya’s hole.



They’re all impatient, but Vitya is the