in shape.”

“My… video?  What are you talking about?”

“Stammi Vicino.  I must say, that was a very effective way of getting my attention and reminding me about your invitation!  A phone call would have worked just fine, though.”

“My invitation?  What?  How was I supposed to call you, I don’t have your phone number, why would…”  Yuuri clapped a hand over his mouth before he could embarrass himself further.  Then the first part registered, embarrassing him further.  “Oh my god, you saw the video.  I didn’t… I had no idea it was being recorded, my friends’ daughters are scary good with technology and social media, that was just supposed to be for an old friend and rinkmate.  I didn’t even know it had been recorded until it had gone viral…”

“Oh.  I just assumed it was your way of reminding me.”  Viktor stared at Yuuri.  “The invitation from the banquet in Sochi?”

“The one I spent in the corner hiding and drinking entirely too much champagne?”

Viktor smirked.  “Well, until you’d had enough champagne to stop hiding, anyway.  One of the best nights of my life.  Certainly the best banquet I’ve ever attended!”

“Huh?”

“Don’t you…”  Viktor’s eyes widened and his eyebrows hit his hairline.  “You don’t remember.  All that champagne… you don’t remember that night at all, do you.”

“Nothing but champagne and then waking up with my head killing me… what did I do?”

Viktor’s face lit up.  That damned heart smile was even more luminous and mesmerizing in person.  This was just not fair.  “You challenged Yuri Plisetsky to a dance contest, which you won, then took Chris up on his challenge, which you won again, and then you challenged me.  You invited me to come out here if you won, and asked me to be your coach.”

“But… I didn’t win.”  There was no way he won a dance contest against Viktor Nikiforov.  Or Christophe Giacometti.  Yuri Plisetsky, maybe, but Yuri was fourteen years old.  It wasn’t exactly a fair fight.

Viktor laughed.  “Oh, I don’t know.  We didn’t exactly make it much of a contest.  We just danced together until they finally kicked everyone out of the banquet, which was well out of control at that point.  I don’t have pictures, but I know Chris and Yuri do, I can get them to send them.  Come on, I do have pictures of you dancing with Chris and Yuri, you can look at those at least.”  Viktor stepped out of the hot spring, which reminded Yuuri of the other reason he was fully expecting this to turn out to be the weirdest dream of his life.

Viktor fired off a couple texts and then handed his phone to Yuuri.  The danceoff against Yuri Plisetsky… well, it wasn’t too bad aside from how flushed and clearly drunk he was, and how he was challenging a fourteen-year-old to a danceoff.  Chris, on the other hand… Yuuri squeaked out, “You didn’t tell me it was on a pole!  Where did the pole even come from?”

“It’s Christophe.  I learned long ago not to ask questions I don’t know that I want the answers to.”

Yuuri handed the phone back to Viktor.  “Speaking of Christophe, he just responded to your text.”

Viktor took it and smiled.  “He’s sent the pictures!  Good.  Ooo, I didn’t know he took video…”

“You’re excited about that?”

“I did mention that it was one of the best nights of my life?  Pictures, I’d seen.  Video, no.”  Viktor started downloading.  “Oh, and here’s Yuri… what’s he doing awake?  Aside from wondering when I was going to get around to asking him for these, apparently.”

Yuuri finally found the courage to ask while they waited for the pictures from Chris and Yuri to download.  “Are you seriously here to coach me, or is this some sort of elaborate prank?”

Viktor looked up from his phone.  “Well, coaching you wasn’t the only reason I came here, but I am serious about it.  I’ve spent the last few months, when I wasn’t on the ice myself, watching every video I could find of you.  You should have been on that podium with me and Chris.  You should have been on a lot of podiums.  I have no idea what Celestino wasn’t doing for you, but I’d like to try to unlock your potential.”

“What’s the other reason you came here?”

“You stole my heart at the banquet.  When you didn’t call, I just assumed you didn’t feel the same thing, but now I’m thinking you probably deleted my number assuming someone was pulling a prank?  I know there are people out there using