Russian foreigner got closer to the smaller boy he noticed that he was slightly chubbier then the group of boys that were picking on him. Maybe that's why? But he looks so cute with a little fat on his bones. Like a delicious treat just for me.

Humming to himself the silver haired teen continued his way to the black haired boy. 

"Hello there! Need help?" The teen asked cautiously. Brown eyes quickly jumped up to meet the teens icy blue ones. With a slight smirk acrossed his lips the older boy held out his hand. "Need help?" The blue eyed boy asked again.

"U-um! S-so-orry! Was I in your way?" The younger boy squeaked out. "I'll move!" 

Before the black haired boy could move a hand rested on his shoulder. The taller of the two knelt down and picked up blue frames glasses off of the floor. "It's fine, if you want can we go get something to drink?" The Russian asked, handing the glasses to the other boy. 

"U-uh,um!" The boy flushed.

"It's alright if you don't. I thought we could get to know each other. You seem very interesting." The teen purred.

"I-if you don't mind, there's a great cafe on the next block." The brown eyed boy said shyly with a heavy blush on his face.

"Perfect! Let's go!" The foreigner shouted suddenly becoming excited.

 

 

"So, what's your name?" The blue eyed teen asked. 

"Yuuri." The smaller boy answered bashful. The two boys were now in a small cosy coffee shop. They sipped their hot cocoa, next to a nearby window, while talking to one another.

"Yuuri, a wonderful name. I'm Viktor." The silver haired said.

Yuuri blushed, "T-thank you. Viktor is a nice name too!" 

"Thank you." Viktor replied. He's adorable. "How old are you?" He inquired.

"Um, thirteen." 

"What school do you go to?" The elder asked.

"Hoshi, I'm a second year in junior high." Yuuri said squirming in his seat. 

"So young, have you had a girlfriend? Boyfriend?" Viktor asked the younger boy.

"No!" Yuuri squeaked out. "No one would like someone like me." He responded sadly.

The foreigner frown before lifting the others chin up with his fingers, "I beg to differ." The blue eyed teen said before winking.

The brown eyed boy flushed but didn't pull away. "Why?" He gently whispered.

"You're perfect." The older boy replied. Before Yuuri could respond the other pulled away and got up. "We better get going, It's getting late. Where are you going? I'll walk you." Viktor told Yuuri holding out his hand.

 They walked down the street holding hands. Sometimes the couple would get weird glances from others but they didn't notice as both were absorbed in eachother.

"So, what about you?" The black haired boy asked nervously.

"What about me?" Viktor asked.

"Your age and what school you go to."

"I'm sixteen, but I'll be turning seventeen in December. I go to online school." Viktor answered, holding Yuuri's hand a little tighter.

"Oh." Yuuri said a little sad. He thought I was cute cause I'm smaller.

The pair walked in silent for awhile before stopping at a worn down house. Yuuri slowly released Viktor's hand shyly. "Thank you for saving me. Then taking me to a cafe, I can pay you back!" He insisted.

The older of the two shooked his head. "I would just like to get to know you better. You're utterly fascinating." Viktor whispered the last part. "Let me give you my number. We can chat and meet up more." 

"O-okay." Yuuri flushed as Viktor reached into his pocket to pull out a pen and paper. Yuuri gently took the slip of paper from Viktor that had numbers written on it. 

"No problem call soon okay?" Viktor said winking. Yuuri flushed deeper and nodded. Viktor grinned and quickly pecked the small boy on the cheek. "See you later then!" 

 

 

"Yuuri! Where have you been all day? You were suppose to come straight home after school ended!" A plumbed woman yelled at Yuuri.

Yuuri slowly closed the behind him and kicked off his shoes. "Don't you have anything to say?" The woman continued to yell frustrated.

"Sorry mama." Yuuri whimpered to the woman. 

"That's right, get cleaned up. You're helping at the restaurant today." Yuuri's mom said, before walking away. 

The brown eyed boy clenched his fist before moving his way to his bedroom. The boy closed his bedroom door and placed his backpack on the floor before looking at the mirror.

Yuuri's