my family, he said. The wind stole his words away, snatched their humble intonation and twisted them into the cry of the seagulls, the lap of the water.

Minako-sensei said nothing as he urged Vicchan onwards, the chocolate gelding whickering gently. He slipped a hand down the soft coat, infinitely grateful for the horse’s gentle nature, the years of rearing Yuuri had undertaken, the understanding between horse and rider. The playful cantering and excited jumps had given way for a steady gait, one meant to soothe, one meant to comfort.

He wished he could take Vicchan with him. But then, he wished a lot of things.

The seagulls cried. The waves dashed themselves against jagged rocks. The hull of the Mikasa consumed the horizon.

 

 

Japan fell away, but it was Yuuri who felt his stomach drop. Minako-sensei gave him a hug, tight and comforting and desperate. She had not told him if she was coming with him to the capital of Russia. Japan fell away, his mother and sister and world with it, and he thought he knew the answer already.

 

 

The breeze burst over the sides of the Mikasa where the waves could not, tangling his hair in its salty fingers and tugging at his clothes. The sailors went about their business, and his guards stood at rest, allowing the ebb and swell of the rolling waves to relax their solemnity, the drink to loosen their tongues.

It was funny, Yuuri thought, watching them. How differently people behaved amidst their fellows. He was used to being around drunks, being the rice paper in the edge of their vision, the clean table under their elbows, the quiet in the kitchen. To be… more, somehow, as if he was not the same Katsuki Yuuri that had helped Hiroko pour sake, to be above it all…

Well, it was funny, was all. Odd. Different. Yuuri was used to different, but he almost preferred invisibility to this constant awareness.

He turned back to the sea, away from the worried gaze of Minako-sensei, and watched the ocean rail against the endless blue of the sky.

 

 

Vladivostok was loud, louder than he was used to, and none of it understandable. Minako-sensei did not hold his hand as she introduced him to Yakov, did not ruffle his hair as she said goodbye. Instead, her willowy form bent to embrace him, as if in a breeze, and she told him to pass her regards on to Madame Lilia Baranovskaya.

Yakov was a wall, in more ways than one. Tall, imposing, and utterly blank, he was to be Yuuri’s escort and personal guard on his trip. 

He watched Minako-sensei walk away, until she was lost in the crowd, in the labyrinth of tangled streets.

 

 

The train shuddered along rail lines at a pace both too slow and too fast at once

Of all the ways he had traveled, Yuuri thought this was the worst. The landscape shifted between endless swathes of flat planes to the occasional farm, and Yuuri felt nothing. As if all his happiness had been drained out by the endless whirring of the wheels and the silver tracks that stretched into the distance.

He peered into that fathomless stretch, hoping for some sign of a town or a village or something, anything that might indicate that this, one of many nondescript days aboard the train, may be his last. 

He had no idea how long he would be forced to sit there. The cabin was beautiful, of that there was no doubt. Marble floors and crystal decanters, a lavish lounge and a bookshelf in the corner; it was more fit for a room in a palace than a train carriage. He had tried, early on, to crack open a book to while away the time. He had been greeted with odd letters and indecipherable words, ones that spelled out his death sentence on this trip. 

He sighed, and looked out the window. Again. There was, of course, nothing.

He had been bored before, but never like this. The playful smirk of Takeshi and Yuuko’s cheerful eyes had always kept him from drifting too much. At least he could have talked to them, if he had been bored. No one in Russia spoke Japanese, of course- and his limited English had been exhausted on the fourth day of conversing with Yakov.

Night began to fall, and as he did every other evening, he spared his escort the hassle of holding their tongues in front of him and ate alone.

He would be doing that a lot, he thought, spooning the salty stew into his mouth, barely tasting it. He tore of a chunk of bread, missed the ease and elegance of chopsticks and rice.

 

 

 

The train wore on, weeks on end, stopping here and there for supplies and fuel. Yakov let him off once, in a little town with a flea market. He eyed a worn pair of boots, his own a little small, the sole not quite coming off as he walked but not settling as it should. He had no money, of course, and he walked on, seeing here