was work?”



“A little boring, today.” Yuuri smiled sheepishly. 



“It's hard to concentrate when you've got a handsome date, hmm?” Victor winked. 



Yuuri squeaked and couldn't look at him for a moment. 



“That's how I felt, anyway.” Victor squeezed Yuuri's hand and led him out of the building. “Let's go have yakitori. I want you to show me what you like.”



“Pork katsu, then.” Yuuri grinned and sped up to match his pace. 



They chose a small yakitori bar that cooked the best pork katsu in the city, in Yuuri’s experience. Amidst the glow of warm lighting and wooden walls, their table was tucked in a corner, and so small that their knees knocked together when they sat down. Yuuri flushed and forced himself not to scooch back.



A waiter approached them and asked for their drink orders. Victor ordered sake, and Yuuri ordered a peach cocktail. When the waiter left, Victor heaved a great sigh.



“You’re so cute.”



“Just you wait. My drink’ll probably be more potent than yours.”



“Cocktails just feel that way because they lull you into a false sense of security with their sweetness. Then, whoops! You’re drunk.”



“Oh, boy, I’m a terrible drunk.” Yuuri winced and fiddled with the top button of his collar.



“I bet you’re the cutest drunk.”



No matter how soppy Victor’s expression was, Yuuri decided he was not getting drunk.



Too bad tipsy Yuuri always went back on sober Yuuri’s decisions.



***



“Wow!” Victor exclaimed as he stumbled off the train platform, clinging to Yuuri’s arm. 



Yuuri went down with him, his free arm out for balance. Victor was so close, the smell of his warmth, aftershave and sake flooding Yuuri’s nose and making him dizzier than the cocktails had. Through sheer strength of will, he just barely kept them both upright. 



“Good thing neither of us drive home.” Victor chuckled and pulled Yuuri down the street, over wobbling cobblestones and gaping cracks in the footpath. 



“Hah. Yes.” Yuuri thought of his car, parked not so far away. He was in no condition to drive it. The logical thing to do would be to sober up at Victor’s house. 



Victor dragged him there at a tripping, skipping pace, and stopped outside his gate with a sigh. He swept Yuuri into his arms and kissed him with a hot, open mouth, sloppy and tight and far too impromptu for Yuuri to get nervous about. Yuuri shivered as his bottom lip was sucked into Victor’s mouth, and at the scrape of teeth and lap of his tongue. His fingers scrabbled at the front of Victor’s coat for purchase, like a climber on a cliff face. But Victor had him in such a tight embrace, how could he fall? Yuuri’s hands slid up to snag in Victor’s hair, instead. 



Victor released Yuuri with a smack of his lips, and nuzzled the side of his neck. “Shall we go inside, or do you prefer hanging around on my street?”



Yuuri flushed and shook, gripping Victor’s hair tighter. His voice came out high pitched. “Inside is good.”



So Victor pulled him through his gate and up the path to his doorway, and they stumbled inside. As they giggled and pressed clumsy kisses to each others lips, their hands clung and pulled ineffectually at their clothes. Yuuri’s eyes darted around the room in between kisses. At one end, was a living area with a plush looking couch, and an archway separated a kitchen at the other end. Yuuri started guiding Victor towards the couch, clumsy hands on his hips, but Victor pushed back. They stumbled through a door, and then Yuuri was falling backwards onto a bed, with Victor firmly on top of him.



Yuuri cried out into Victor’s mouth as their hips ground together. He fumbled for his fly and yanked it open, then did the same for Victor. His briefs were damp and stretching around his cock. Yuuri bit down on Victor’s lip as he slid his hand inside and circled it around his hot length. 



“Ah!” Victor broke their kiss and leant up a little, staring into Yuuri’s eyes. His lips moved but only discombobulated syllables escaped them. 



He sat up, tossing his hair out of his eyes, and removed his shirt. His torso gleamed in the low light, every dip and curve of muscle looking far too perfect to Yuuri’s eyes. Yuuri gave his cock a squeeze of appreciation, and Victor’s back arched and stomach flexed. He pushed Yuuri’s shirt up to his armpits and dove back down to kiss at his chest. Yuuri whined as he lapped and sucked at his nipples. His hands slid down Victor’s sides to tug at the waistband of his pants and briefs. Victor wriggled as he helped him pull them off, giggling against Yuuri’s chest. He kicked them off and knelt