warm, and the scent of his mother's cooking wafted toward him from the kitchen. For a moment he stood in the entryway and breathed in the heat and the smells and the warmth, while the frost that had built up on his fringe melted and dripped onto his cheeks.

He counted the time zones. Or tried to.

What time would it be over in America, again? He wasn't sure, not quite.

Some day, Guang Hong thought, I'll know it by heart.

In the meantime, he hung up his coat, and slipped off his boots, and checked his phone.

It was early morning on America's west coast.

A little too early, then. Leo probably wasn't even awake yet. Maybe he wouldn't reply until much later in the evening, when Guang Hong was in bed. And that's fine, Guang Hong reminded himself. There wasn't really anything wrong with having to wait. He could be patient, of course he could!

Guang Hong told himself that, and then repeated it as he made his way to his bedroom, and repeated it again as he flopped down onto his bed and put on the playlist that Leo had sent him.

Things between the two of them had changed so much after the Cup of China.

 Guang Hong closed his eyes. No matter whether or not they wanted it to be different, everything had changed, and he was the one who had started it. All it had taken was one decision during a moment they'd shared on the second night, one moment together after the free skate. The sight of Leo's reddened eyes had startled him – the results were so disappointing, he'd been crying. And Guang Hong couldn't blame him for that, because his own results had made him cry a little, too.

He offered all the kind words and comfort he could, but it didn't feel like enough. It wasn't enough.

Somehow, Guang Hong gathered up the nerve to kiss him, just as he'd wanted to for days. 

After that, Leo wasn't crying any more.

Later that night, when they met in Leo's hotel room, they agreed that they probably shouldn't take things any further than that. Even if it would have been nice. Even if they wanted to.

"I like you," Leo had said, his head resting on Guang Hong's shoulder, his long fingers trailing down his back. "But, you know... We both have so much going on in our lives, and it's a really long distance, and it would be hard to make this work. I'm not sure –"

"It's okay," Guang Hong had said, because it was. "We can still be friends, right?" And he gave him the most reassuring smile that he could manage.

But the next day, he could still feel Leo's mouth against his lips, and he wished that instead, he'd said something else. Anything else. Even something like "Do you want to try it anyway?" would have been better.

After the Cup of China gala, they only had a little bit of time in private, a little sliver of time. They went to Leo's hotel room together for a second time, joyous and laughing and exhausted. And that time, against the door, in the dim light, Leo had kissed him first.

It was kind of silly to pretend that nothing was going to happen after that, Guang Hong thought, scrolling through the pictures from that evening: Leo with Phichit, himself with the same, Yuuri with Victor, himself with Leo, and another one with Leo, and a third with Leo. And another, and another, and another, all of himself and Leo. 

And one picture that wasn't of their faces, but of just their hands, the fingers linked gently together.

His phone buzzed. A reply to his message.


I wish I could be there with you. It looks nice.


The message came with a photo. Leo in the early morning light. The picture wasn't taken face-on; his head was turned away from the camera, looking toward the sunrise.


it would be better if i was with you. it's cold here


Guang Hong nibbled his lip and added, did i wake you up?


I don't think I'd mind the cold.
No, it's OK. I got up early to go for a run.
I don't mind when you wake me up anyway.


Except if I wake you up at three in the morning, Guang Hong thought, holding back a laugh. Leo hadn't been impressed with him that time.


that's good
i miss you



I miss you too.


Guang Hong felt his chest tighten. He pressed his face into his pillow and took a deep breath. It was just one sentence. I miss you too. But as little as it was, it felt like so much more.