so low against the counter that he nearly slams his forehead into it.

“Hey, what’s with you? Is it that guy? Did Mila hook you two up yet?”

Viktor groans loudly. When will his suffering end? He drags himself up wearily.

“You wouldn’t understand, Georgi. You don’t understand my level of suffering.”

Georgi looks affronted at this, as if he can’t believe someone’s trying to upstage him at his own game.

“I sent her flowers and she sent me a photo of her throwing them in the trash.”

“I had to look him in the eye as I sold him a cock ring.”

“Every time I try to text her, she texts me a picture of her new boyfriend.”

“He texted me in the middle of me jerking off to a video of him.”

There’s a silence.

“That’s kind of sad,” Georgi admits.

Viktor returns to wanting to die.

The shift plays out the same way it always does, but Viktor is on edge. Yuuri had said he would stop by today. But when? He’d been too terrified to respond to his last text with anything other than ‘k.’

He can feel himself starting to sweat and shake, and he tries to take deep and calming breaths. One of two things could happen. Yuuri walks in, or he doesn’t. One of these things will happen. Deal with it.

And one of those things happens a lot sooner than Viktor had anticipated, because Yuuri walks in, and the first thing he does is smile at Viktor shyly. Viktor knows his face is bright red, and he can’t keep eye contact with Yuuri without imagining him panting and moaning.

“Hey,” Yuuri greets him, walking right up to the counter, and Viktor freezes, his eyes wide. Yuuri’s never gone up to the counter to do anything but finish his purchase and leave. 

Yuuri looks extra cute today, though Viktor doesn’t really know why. He’s wearing a loose crop top and jeans. Nothing new here. But he seems like he’s glowing. Viktor tries to think straight.

“I-um, hi?” Viktor says shakily, and Yuuri smiles again. Viktor literally has no idea what the fuck to do. Yuuri still looks very shy, and his eyes dart to and from him a little nervously.

“I’m sorry I didn’t get back to you sooner. I’m... not good at calling. Or texting. I tried to come in and see you instead, but you weren’t here.”

Viktor gapes at him, then realizes he should probably respond.

“Oh! It’s alright. Really. I understand.”

Yuuri beams at him, and Viktor is in a daze, unable to think straight, because he's too gay. He attempts conversation again.

“So, what brings you here?”

Yuuri looks shy again.

“Nothing, really. I just... wanted to pass by and see you, I guess.”

Viktor feels faint. Yuuri wanted to see him? Really?

“Well,” Yuuri continues, looking around, “I might as well shop around. I have a few new things I need to get.”

Viktor tries to do anything other than think about the taut fetish lingerie Yuuri had gotten cum all over. But he does a shit job. He feels his face grow even redder. Yuuri pauses in the middle of turning to walk towards the lingerie section. He’s eyeing the small displays on the counter, looking through all the cheap items that a buyer may want to snatch up as a last-minute bad decision at the register.

He catches sight of the dick-shaped lollipops and bursts out laughing. Viktor laughs along faintly, still reeling from Yuuri’s mere presence in his vicinity. Yuuri picks one out, grinning slyly at him.

“Can I walk around the store with this if I buy it now?”

“You can do anything you want,” Viktor says, still sounding faint. “Take it, it’s free.”

Yuuri looks surprised, but smiles sweetly at him as he removes the wrapping. Viktor puts his hand out automatically to take it, throwing it away in the trash beside him without Yuuri even asking. 

Yuuri cheerfully slips the lollipop into his mouth, sucking at it, and gives Viktor a little wave as he leaves to wander around the store. Viktor holds onto the counter for dear life, because his legs have turned into jelly. He can hear Georgi shaking with laughter behind him, but his brain is too numb to react.

Viktor keeps catching sight of Yuuri around the store, and it seems like every time his eyes find him, the man is doing something incredibly obscene with his mouth to the poor and helpless dick lollipop. At one point he sucks hard, and when he pulls it from his mouth, Viktor can nearly hear the neat ‘pop’ sound it makes. He wants to die.

Yuuri finally comes to the counter now, two packages of lingerie in hand, dick