slow motion. A few precious seconds where the plate was whole, seemed whole, but inevitably—


crash


—it would shatter.

 

Viktor did not like to lose. Did not like to fall, to disappoint, did not like to be anything but perfection’s physical form on ice.

So he did not lose, and this was simple, until is was not.

He was the one he was beating, his challengers were his own inspiration and the jumps he could pull off. He was his own arch nemesis, and any sort of competitive spirit fell by the wayside as he broke another world record and skated another personal best because who could possibly be a rival. He was too old for new skaters to prove a challenge, green as they were, too above the seasoned skaters for them to pose a risk. 

It was lonely, and if there was one thing Viktor hated, it was being alone. So he began to fall, and fail, and hope desperately that someone would notice that his performance component was dropping even as his technical increased.

No one did, of course, and Viktor screamed his plea into the void with the crisp cut of blades and the truest program he had skated in a very long time.

A mournful tone, the sweep of strings, he tried to paint a picture of a lover left lonely and only managed to bare his empty soul. Was he dancing for a soulmate that did not exist? A lost lover? The crowd, his coach, his country, his inspiration?

He couldn’t tell anymore, even as the last notes of the aria echoed around the rink.

He did not lose, of course he did not. Such was the life of the Living Legend, gold upon gold upon glittering gold.

But he did not win, either.

 

 

He was asked many questions, after.


How long—



Why—



Were you unhappy—



How could you—



Are you happy with yourself now?


He answered none of them, and let his phone ring out and out and out before he threw it under a couch and cried himself to sleep.

He wasn’t, of course. Happy with himself, that is.

 

 

Viktor was a man of both many and few secrets. Most of anything could be found in tabloids and twitter threads, from his favourite colour to his professional opinion about the ramifications the Soviet Union had on artistic expression in figure skating history.

There were some that couldn’t, some secrets that slipped through the cracks of that perfect smile and the gleaming blue of his eyes. His parents, for one, their names, their faces; Viktor was not an entity that emerged fully formed to dance on gleaming blades and frozen water. His long time obsession with a trashy American show about some pretty boy with daddy issues and his brother. The kitten he rescued from a kill shelter and gave to Yuri when the boy complained about never having had a pet.

Some big, some small.

And himself in the tangled weave of it all, waiting for something that he was not quite sure he was ready for.

The truth is not something easily obscured from the flash of cameras, from his height to his weight to the freckle on his left shoulder that he himself did not find until the article they ran. But here is one truth they did not know. One he hid, for so long, because out of all the questions they asked and all the accusations they threw, not once did Yuuri call. 

Not once.

He was at that club, on the night he lost everything, with Chris, learning to pole dance for Yuuri. He was there for nothing more, the blurry photo a remnant of Chris ruffling his hair, Chris laughing as they stumbled into the alley, left the club, Chris waving him off as he boarded the plane, hungover and worse for wear but no less Yuuri’s than he was before.

He was drunk and the memory came in flashes, but there were lines Viktor had never, would never cross. This was one of them.

It was the kind of secret that could have consequences. Shake apart walls and let the dust fly off where it had settled. 

But who would believe him? He had his reputation for a reason, after all. And then somewhere, in the back of his mind, tired and hungover as he was, he thought, is this my penance? 

And so he would stare at the ceiling and say, when Yuuri calls. Then I will tell him.

Viktor was, at heart, a coward.

 

 

He thinks, sometimes, if this wasn’t something he wanted to happen. Some remnant from a life spent lived for others, second guessing every move and thrown the instant it was as simple as Yuuri loved him and he loved Yuuri.

He thinks, in the depths of night, as he looks out to a cloudless sky and the full, aching moon, that maybe he wanted more than anything for Yuuri to see him pushing Yuuri away and say stay close to me, don’t leave me, I’m afraid of losing you.

He thinks maybe that he wanted Yuuri to catch him