Michele asked.  “Well?  Who is it?”

“You first.  Tell me you weren’t horribly rude to your soulmate?”

“It doesn’t matter, he won’t remember and I’m not going to go to him.  Who is he?”

“My soulmate is a good person who wouldn’t hurt me and I’m not telling you who they are until I’ve made contact, which since I’m not going to for a while, means you’re just going to have to wait to find out.”  Sara reached out and patted Michele on the shoulder.  “If someone comes up claiming to be my soulmate, I’ll let you at them, I promise.”

Two years later.  Mila's in seniors, so Sara makes her move.

For two years, neither Sara nor Michele reached out to their soulmates.  Sara kept an eye on Mila’s progress, which she explained to her coach and her brother as keeping an eye on competition when they noticed her interest.  Both of them accepted the explanation.  If Michele was keeping an eye on anyone in particular, Sara couldn’t catch him at it, and he refused to tell her anything about his soulmate until she told him who hers was.

The day Grand Prix assignments were due to come out, Sara and Michele anxiously refreshed the website over and over.  Finally, the assignments showed up.  Skate Canada for both of them, and Mila would be there, too.  Perfect.  Then Sara had the Trophee Eric Bompard, and Michele had the Rostelecom Cup.  Mila would be at the Rostelecom Cup as well.  And then, of course, Sara very much hoped the three of them would all be at the finals.

Michele was less happy about Skate Canada than Sara would have expected.  None of the other men’s skaters were ones Sara paid much attention to.  There were a couple names she didn’t recognize – Phichit Chulanont and Emil Nekola.  A Thai skater would have been intriguing if it weren’t for Mila, so maybe Phichit was the problem?

A couple days before Skate Canada, Sara asked her coach if he knew how to contact Yakov Feltsman.  After some teasing about running off to Russia not being the way to deal with her issues with her brother, he gave her an email address.


Dear Mr. Feltsman,



I’m so sorry to involve you in more soulmate drama.  After Viktor, you deserve to never have to deal with it again.  Unfortunately, Mila Babicheva is my soulmate.



I’m Sara Crispino.  I’m going to assume you’ve heard of me, since Mila and I will be competing against each other soon.  My brother Michele skates against Viktor, Yuuri, and Georgi.  He is extremely protective of me, and I’m concerned about what will happen when he learns that Mila is my soulmate.  I wanted to warn you so that you could look out for Mila.



Sara


She didn’t expect a reply.  When one came, she smiled.  Yakov had promised to keep an eye out for trouble and to pass the warning on to Georgi who would be there as well.

As soon as Sara arrived at the hotel in Kelowna, she spotted Mila’s bright hair.  While Michele was distracted with checking in, Sara walked over.  “Mila?”

“Hi?  Oh, Sara!  Nice to meet you.”  Mila held out a hand.  “I’m looking forward to seeing your routines for this year!”

Sara took her hand and shook it.  “Welcome to seniors, I hope to see you on the podium with me.”  She glanced over to make sure Michele was still busy and dropped her voice to a near-whisper.  “I need to talk to you at some point.  Sometime my brother is not going to interrupt us.”

Mila’s eyes danced with curiosity.  “I’m not scared of Michele, but sure.  Here.”  She handed Sara her phone.  “Text yourself so you’ll have my number and can text me when you can get away.”

Sara did as instructed, handing Mila back her phone just as Michele started looking for her.  “I’ve gotta go, see you soon I hope!”

It was a few hours before Sara was able to ditch Michele.  She texted Mila her room number and hoped.

Mila showed up a few minutes later with a huge grin.  “When you said privately, this isn’t what I expected.  Aren’t you worried about having an underage skater in your room?”

“Not in the least.  First off, you’re not underage in your country or mine, although I don’t know Canada’s age rules.  More importantly, it doesn’t matter.”  Sara smiled back.  “We’re soulmates.”

“You’re twenty.”

“And you said wait until you were in seniors.”

“Why?”

“Viktor.”

Mila threw her arms around Sara.  “This is amazing!  Wait, is this why Georgi is hovering?  Did he know?”

“I told Yakov because my brother is, to be honest