heart was pounding. I turned and saw that Yuko had her phone out. I knew instantly that she had filmed me. A blush crept its way onto my face. Even my ear's burned with embarrassment. Why the hell did I do that when I knew she had her phone on her?

I didn't know, but I didn't want to either.

I just hoped that this didn't have any backfiring results.

(Meanwhile in Russia)

I sat on my sofa with Makkachin laying on my lap when a video appeared on my twitter feed. It was reblogged over a million times. It was a young man skating my routine. But it wasn't just any young man.

I sat in sheer amazement that this boy was able to imitate me so well. He was just as beautiful as I remembered from the Banquet. Hell, he made my damn night. Possibly even year.

I usually grew bored of those events, but I had to go to show I was a good winner. But he made it worth going. He was clearly drunk, but still so gorgeous. His messy black hair, his half-rimmed glasses that were tilting off his adorable face. I was getting turned on just thinking about how his hips moved against mine.

But I pushed those thoughts away and continued to watch. I had done some research about Katsuki Yuuri in attempts to find him but only found that he had gotten last place at last year's JGPF. But how if he was able to skate like this? Why wasn't he up on the pedestal with me? He should have been. If he could move like that, then why wasn't he at least a silver medalist?

Was it because of his coach? Is that why he asked me to coach him at only 17? I pondered these things as I watched.

"It's settled then Makkachin. We're going to Japan," I said with a smile. He just looked at me with a lazy face and went back to sleep. I pet him. My heart soared at the thoughts of seeing him again. His Eros mode was a breathtaking thing to see. And I wanted to see it again. 

I looked up to see how much it would cost to fly out there. Not too much. But then again, I did make a shit ton of money. I smiled as I pressed book flight. It was only a matter of days now. I just hoped that he remembered the night I fell for this cute little thing. But if he didn't, I don't blame him. He and Chris wouldn't stop drinking. 

"Makkachin, I hope you love him as much as me~!"

Should I try adding a smutty Viktor scene? It would only be him, though. And the chapter title is making fun of Dancing Queen by Abba for you youngsters (I say at only 19).

Days have passed since I showed Yuko I was able to do Viktor's Short Program. And it was everywhere on the internet. On my Twitter feed. On my Instagram, and all over Tumblr. 

Phichit called me and gushed about how well I could skate. Celestino did do, but he was curious as to why I couldn't skate like that in a competition. I was mortified. What if Viktor saw? What if he hated that someone copied him? Would he even remember me from nearly a year ago?

I ignored it as long as possible.

But a few weeks later, it was impossible entirely.

"Yuuri! Go shovel the snow!" I heard my mother call through the hall. I sat up, still groggy from sleep. Had it snowed?

I looked out the window to see a fresh layer of snow at least an inch and a half thick. 

I quickly changed into my winter apparel. Just as I opened the front door, a large light brown poodle jumped on me, kicking my face, it's entire body wiggling with his wagging tail. I was confused. "Vic-chan?" I questioned, his death still fresh in music mind.

When I got a better look at the dog, I realized it wasn't him. "You're too big to be Vic-chan." Then it hit me who this dog looked like, but it couldn't be. That was impossible.

"Oh, he belongs to this very nice Russian boy! He's in the hot spring now," My dad said from the kitchen. It took a moment to register that he said. Then I was up and running. Ignoring the looks that I got from the men who were in the Sanna, I looked for the familiar head of Platinum. 

I ran outside and saw my breath in puffs of white. My glasses steamed from the temperature difference from the Sanna and frozen world outside. I waited a second for my glasses to cool. And there I saw him. He was leaning his head back so I saw his beautiful neck, a towel laid over his eyes. He looked so peaceful. He was barechested, possibly even