, his eyes so wide. Such a beautiful shade of brown, Viktor thinks. He starts to move closer, then pauses to shoo Makkachin away. Daddy's busy.

"Yuuri," Viktor says softly, turning back to him, "you haven't answered my question."

He sees Yuuri struggling to remember how to use words. "I-I, um," he stutters, "um, which question?"

"The most important one," Viktor says brightly. "Is there a girl you like?"

The hand Viktor has his on top of starts trembling. He brings it to his lips, kissing it lightly, and Yuuri looks like he's about to faint.

"Well?"

"N-no, I mean, um, I don't," Yuuri's face is growing redder by the second. Viktor takes a moment to admire it before asking his next question.

"Have you ever kissed someone?"

Yuuri's mouth hangs open as he gapes at him. He snaps out of his daze only to shake his head slowly, speechless.

Viktor leans forward, his lips hovering less than an inch from Yuuri's. He hears a sharp intake of breath as he closes that gap, and Yuuri's lips are warm and soft, like the rest of him. He kisses him slowly, deepening it, and Yuuri doesn't seem to know what to do, but Viktor hears him moan softly.

He pulls away, licking his lips. Yuuri is absolutely stunned. Viktor wonders if his soul has left his body.

"Yuuri," he purrs, and sees Yuuri shiver, "are you a virgin?"

This gets a strong reaction out of him. He starts, jerking back and trembling.

"I-I, what? What do you- I mean, I, um... what?"

"A virgin," Viktor repeats sweetly.

Yuuri stares at him for what feels like ages. Then he nods, very slowly. Viktor grins. He leans forward again, and when he kisses him, he swears he feels Yuuri's lips move against his own. Awkwardly. But Viktor mentally applauds his effort.

Viktor leans closer, gently pressing against him, and Yuuri falls back with a yelp. Viktor pushes him into the flooring, his lips moving to his neck, and Yuuri shudders hard, squirming underneath him. Viktor runs his hands down his chest, and when they reach his stomach, Viktor squeezes him softly. Yuuri had gained weight since the last time Viktor had seen him, but despite his earlier teasing, Viktor finds it adorable. He squeezes him again. So squishy!

"Little piggy," he says softly against his neck, and Yuuri shudders again, gasping as Viktor's hands stray lower, "you're so soft and squishy!"

Viktor's hand finds the front of Yuuri's pants, and when he feels how hard he is, he pants into his ear.

"Yuuri... I want you. Do you want me?"

Yuuri is silent, and Viktor starts to grow uneasy. He pulls back, then freezes. Yuuri is looking up at him, still wide-eyed. Is he scared? Why is he looking at him like that?

"I've been waiting for this, Yuuri," Viktor says softly. "Haven't you?" Viktor recalls a slender and fit body, a chest gleaming with sweat and champagne, a dance that he wished had never ended. And arms wrapped around him, hips grinding forward into his. Be my coach.

But Yuuri looks confused, and Viktor balks. Does he not want him anymore? Impossible. Maybe he just can't believe this is actually happening. Viktor can't, either. But he has to be sure.

"Do you want me?" Viktor asks again, trying not to let the hurt reach his voice.

There's a pause, and then Yuuri slowly nods, his eyes not leaving his, and Viktor sees the lust in them. He's so relieved that he nearly faints on top of him.

He kisses him again, and this time Yuuri returns it, though he's still awkward and trembling. Viktor presses against him, and Yuuri gasps when he feels their cocks grind together. Viktor starts to tremble in anticipation. He pulls down Yuuri's pants slowly, watching his face for any sign that things are going wrong, but Yuuri stares right back, his face flushed, his chest heaving as he pants. His cock is free now, and Viktor's eyes snap to it, and he freezes, because Yuuri is so much bigger than he had thought. His cock is twitching, red and thick, and Viktor trembles harder. Oh, yes, he wants it inside of him. Very badly.

He squeezes his cock, stroking him slowly, then stops, because Yuuri throws his head back, jerking his hips and gasping loudly. No, Viktor doesn't want him to come. Not until after he's fucked him. So much for foreplay, he thinks sadly. But that's fine. Yuuri can learn over time.