beaming with optimism.

Seung didn't say anything. His coach took notice. "Hey, Celestino, how about we leave these two to bond, like I said, Seung needs more friends."

He nodded, understanding. "Okay, let's go then. You guys have fun, ciao!" And with that, they left. Great.

"They're acting pretty strange, huh?" Phichit said after they left.

"My coach is always like that. Pushing me to be nicer to people. It's annoying."

"You seem nice to me." Phichit replied, as they started walking out of the airport. Where were they going? Seung had no clue. Phichit started walking, so he just kind of did the same.

"Only you, probably." He muttered. "Wait, where are we going?"

"I'm going to show you around! It's your first time here in Thailand, isn't it?"

Seung nodded.

"Then let's go!" Phichit said once they were out of the airport, and started dragging him off to who knows where.


 What the fuck did I just get myself into? 



          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

"Bangkok is actually really nice." Seung said as he looked around the city.

"It is!" The Thai skater agreed, a smile on his face like always. "We should go to the Muay Thai Mall! Even if you don't plan on buying anything, it's still nice to look around at all the stores!" 

"Okay," He nodded, "I probably won't buy anything, though. I don't have any Thai money."

"That's not a problem, if you want something, just ask and I'll buy it for you! All I want in return is to see you happy."

What the hell does that mean? 

It's feels.. nice to hear him say that, though.

Why is that?

"You don't have to.." Seung murmured.

"Nonsense! Let's go!" 

The black haired male sighed. "Fine."

And with that said, he started to follow Phichit to the mall. Seung thought the city was beautiful.. except he had no idea what some of the shop signs said because he couldn't speak or read Thai, like, at all. So he'd have to leave that to Phichit. Phichit.. The name itself sounds like 'piece of shit'. Maybe that said something. Actually, no, stop, that's irrelevant. Fuck off inner thoughts. When he had snapped out his thoughts, he realized they were already there. How did he not notice that at first? Maybe you would've if you didn't get distracted, Seung.

Never should've asked. 

Phichit turned and looked at him, "Are you okay? You seem to be spacing out."

Maybe if my self conscience wasn't such a little pain in the ass, I wouldn't be spacing out. "I'm fine. I'm just in thought." He glanced over at the little ball of sunshine next to him, but soon adverted his gaze. He's actually.. really enjoyable to be with. And he's not as annoying as I thought he'd be.

Strange.

But Phichit Chulanont has an affect on people. He always manages to bring out the best in people, and even bring people together. How does he do it, though? Is it his kind and open personality, his bright charisma? 

I have no fucking clue.

He's said to be one of the top three most adorable figure skaters. And anyone could clearly see why. He is.. pretty cute. But, Seung would probably never admit that to him out loud. What goes down in Seung's thoughts, stays in his thoughts.

Then he was snapped out of his thoughts, again. He was being pulled into the store by Phichit. "Phichit.." he mumbled.

"Yes?" He asked, stopping to turn around and look at him. 

Fuck, he's adorable.

"..I can't read anything."

"Just tell me what sign you want me to translate, and I will."

"Can you just tell me what kind of stores are here?" Seung asked.

"Well, there's a photography place, a store for Muay Thai gear, a food place, a pet shop—" he started, but was cut off by Seung.

"Take me to the pet shop."

Yay, another chapter.

And I know there isn't actually a pet shop in the Muay Thai mall, but shh

Let's just pretend there is

But for anyone of you that's wondering my gender

I'm a male,

And I'm admittedly pretty gay 

Like this anime. ;)

Seung wasn't exactly sure how he felt about Phichit just yet.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

  It's almost like I'm unable to think straight when I'm