what to do.

Be ready by four, she says.

He comes down twelve minutes to four, starts setting the tables: yet, the restaurant really comes to life a while after six o'clock, after the earliest patrons have gotten drunk and the regular families begin to come in. At seven, the tourists begin to trickle through the door; at nine, the couples, hand-in-hand and starry-eyed; at eleven, the occasional stoner or two; by the time they close at one-thirty in the morning he's had enough liveliness (translation: drunks) for a few centuries and is utterly uninterested in anything remotely relative to moving, he feels, until his grandmother claps twice and he scrambles up from his seat at the table closest to the window and begins collecting dirty dishes.

Grandmother, he asks after a moment, balancing a stack of plates in one hand and clutching a fistful of forks in the other, have you ever missed someone you haven't known?

She sighs as she wipes her hands on her apron and takes the plates from him. You're thinking strange things now, go to bed.

As he's headed for the stairs to the apartments above, though, his grandmother coughs loudly and he turns back, slightly alarmed to see her look at him, wary and a little bit wistful as she speaks. Yes, she says. Don't let it get the better of you.

Leo knows what she means—when he was younger his grandmother would recite stories on the back porch, ancient rocking chair creaking and the bated breath of nine grandchildren in the air. As lovers, we're infinitely reborn. Yet, only the foolish will continue chasing into another life, she'd tell them, and the children would nod and whisper agreement.

They're just stories, grandmother, he replies, but he nods anyway. (Just in case.)

It's rained again overnight; when he wakes up, the windowsill is wet and the clear smell of the calm-after-the-storm scent, earthen, calm, hangs in the air. The clock on the dresser reads five forty-six, and the sun's out enough to cast damp, grey light on the street below.

Strangely enough, he doesn't feel very tired—there's no static buzz inside his head, no fatigue in his limbs, so he dresses and washes, leaves a note for his grandmother, and steals the slice of cake in the refrigerator marked do not touch, Leo especially from his cousin and heads out the door to the jingle of the bell hung in the corner.

 This is the first time Leo's seen the boy since they met, he realizes, as he sits down next to him.

The boy doesn't say anything, eyes fixed on the ocean horizon as the waves roll in, and it's only when Leo clears his throat that he blinks, tilts his head with a rather confused expression, and gasps quietly before saying oh, it's just you. His nose and his cheeks are flushed with the early-morning chill, and he sits with his knees to his chest and his oversized windbreaker pulled up to his chin.

Yes, it's just me, he replies, and smiles, hoping he won't scare him away. The boy smiles back.

I remember seeing you, he whispers; his accent brushes the edges of his words, soft, faint, and Leo's pulse flutters for a moment. But I don't know you. Do you know me?

Maybe, Leo says, and tilts his head towards the sky. I wonder if I did. (We can, if you want to, Leo wants to say. He doesn't.)

He looks at the boy, he sees his face in the calm-after-the-storm six a.m. light and he reaches out before he can stop himself, running a thumb over the freckles scattered over the boy's skin, cold to the touch. The gesture feels strangely familiar, a hint of recognition in his muscles and a twinge of nostalgia in his mind, but he knows, clear and concise, that he's never in his lifetime done this before.

An eyelash, he manages, voice cracking in his dry throat, and the boy nods and draws his knees a little closer to his chest, but there's a knowing glint in his eyes that Leo catches too—they both know it's not that, but it doesn't need to be said.

They sit in comfortable silence, listening to the ever-constant heartbeat of the sea.

I'll walk you back to your hotel, he offers, hours later, as the boy begins to rise, brushing sand off his legs and arms and unzipping his windbreaker and he catches the glimpse of a room keycard in his pocket.

Leo watches him freeze for a moment before nodding slowly. I would appreciate that, he says, and takes the hand Leo offers him.

He and the boy walk through