himself Yūri’s coach. A couple of days, and all of them were a blur of flirting and touching and Yūri had never been so- so overwhelmed with— he didn’t know.

(He did. He would learn to. The opening notes, a smirk, a whistle, the ice— oh yes. He would learn to.)

Yūri pushed the metal bar, felt the door swing open under his hand, the darkness of the rink beckoning. He had never felt more like skating. He had never felt less like skating.


It wasn’t fair.


Yūri didn’t bother turning on the lights. The moon was bright, the windows long, and he couldn’t bring himself to brighten the room any more than it was.

His steps echoed, his skates clinking over his shoulder as he walked. He sat on the bench. Hard plastic. He could hardly feel it.

(He didn’t feel much of anything, these days.)

(That was a lie. He's good at those, after months of fake smiles and justifications. He spends his nights, not sleeping, but skating. He spends his days crying. He can't remember the last time he had eaten. Everything tasted like ash.)

Yūko sat in the back of the stadium seating. Her lips were pressed tight. Yūri took to the ice, and she watched as he threw himself into practice.

Yūko wondered if that’s what she should call this, Yūri flinging himself into quad after quad, salchow and toe loop and flip after flip after flip. There was no cohesion, no step sequences, just a few seconds of running, dashing, cutting the ice, before a flying leap and a sharp touchdown.

Practice? 

This was not practice. This was grief. This was obsession. This was depression.

She was worried. Yūri had not talked since Victor had left, and had not returned. He had not eaten, not properly, not regularly. The dark circles under his eyes just grew, and Yūko… Yūko, for the first time, perhaps ever, felt something violent, something dark, a cold hard ball in her gut.

Was this what it was to hate? To watch her best friend ruin himself?

She did not look away. This was her penance, for a lifetime of idolisation, and months of ignoring the shadows Yūri hid in his eyes for Victor’s smiles. For explaining to her children, her lovely three, why Victor left. Why Yūri could not play with them, why he could not dance. For all that they were clever, her three, they were young at heart. So young.

But they caught on quick, her clever three. Victor became a taboo in their house.

 


“…Vitya?” came the hesitant whisper. Yūri clutched his phone to his chest, the cold bedroom and empty sheets that much colder.



He lifted his hands, the screen a blur.


The Living Legend: Trouble in Paradise? screamed the headlines. Victor Nikiforov’s Dirty Secret? read another. 

Skating Legend a Cheat?

Nikiforov Spotted at Strip Club!


He stopped scrolling. He didn’t need to see any more of the leaked photo, the blurry shot showing his husband’s silver hair tangled up in someone else’s hands.



He turned off his notifications.



He dropped his phone.



Two hours later, and that same phone clattered against the wall, Yūri’s scream white noise.



Two days, and Yūri left for the ice rink. He didn’t come back.


Yūri breathed in. Another quad flip. His ankles ached, and his lips twisted into something like a grin. Ice flew beneath him. He flung himself up, and waited for the crash.

 

Yurio was in Russia when Victor arrived, unshaven and with a look that read guilt, that read pleasure. A gaping mass roared at him to scream, to yell, to eviscerate Victor and to burn the coat that smelled of alcohol and sweat. But he had not skated with Victor for so long and not learned how to demolish him, wreck him utterly, without breaking a sweat.

Yurio’s voice was quiet when he asked his question.

“Are you happy with yourself, then?”

And Yurio walked out of the rink, and out of Victor’s sight, and if Revenge became his theme that season- well. He was the bad boy of Russia, before agape burned that bridge with airy fluidity and a dreamy tone.

 

Yūri did not fall easily. When he did, he fell hard. This was true on and off the ice, these days, and so Yūri burned through the competitions and placed first and with each and every gold medal there was a terrible pride on his face that no one dared bring up. Betrayal was his theme, and every single viewer knew what it meant when he ended his routines in a quad flip, his feet giving way and landing harsh on the ice as the music ended. Over-rotations, too much speed, not enough speed, mistimed steps, every single time, something went wrong.

The rink was silent,