away from Yuri who didn’t know whether it was to think about it or simply release the tension in his neck which must have been sore from his position facing Yuri.

“Are you going to become friends with me or not?” Came out of Otabek’s mouth and Yuri just stared at the leather clad back of the other boy. Was he serious? Was it his ‘keep your friends close, but your enemies closer’ strategy to make Yuri suffer later?

“Fine.” Yuri said, putting his arms around Otabek’s waist. “Now let’s go, I’m cold.” Yuri guessed it sounded a little bit bossy but who cared about that. It was Otabek who wanted to be friends with him.

 If you wanna be friends then let’s do it - this game can be played by both of us,  Yuri thought.

Let's say that Yuri is just a liiiittle bit torn whether to believe destiny or not, haha.

Here is Otabek's tattoo with the mark drawn by me. I tried my best.

    I guess I love "soulmate" au's too much. I have like two more prepared because there are never enough soulmate au's.

    If anyone has any prompts, ideas or suggestions, let me know. My tumblr is endlesspit

I'm sorry for taking so much to continue. Exams were hell but I passed and now I can finally write without the guilt and am actually motivated to write a lot.

So here, enjoy the new chapter. Yes, I got inspired by the new info gained from the manga but I'm bending it a bit... Well, don't mind me blabbing about unimportant stuff and enjoy.


It was already getting darker when Yuri told Otabek to stop at a street which was just one block away from the centre. Yuri wanted to make sure that no one would see him how he slid off of the back of his archenemy’s motorcycle. He wasn’t ready to accept yet that they agreed to be friends just a while ago.



“Yuriooo!” Yuri turned around quickly, startled by the familiar voice that belonged to a certain Japanese. Well, there went his luck of keeping it under covers at least for a day.



“Don’t call me Yurio, you ugly-” He was cut short by Viktor’s arm that went around his shoulders.



“Now now, Yurio, be nice.” Viktor said, looking over at Otabek. “Oh, hello there, Otabek.” He waved at him with the hand which was still around Yuri’s shoulder. Then he turned his face to Yuri.



“Were you up to a fight, or something? If yes, we’re sorry to interrupt.” Viktor whispered towards Yuri, however, it wasn’t in any way subtle so Otabek could probably catch the words without a problem.



“Huh?!” Yuri shook off Viktor’s arm but before he could say anything else, Yuuri was there to save the situation.



“Maybe you could join us for dinner?” Yuuri suggested, making a half circle with his hand to show what he meant by ‘we’ and apparently, it was them plus Katsudon’s sister and former ballet teacher.



Somehow, everyone except Yuri who put up some resistance agreed to it and the six of them ended up settling it an outside part of a restaurant. A little bit later, they were joined by two other skaters.



Yuri had to give his everything into not flipping the table over; Everyone at the table knew that Otabek and Yuri were meant to be archenemies - Yuri guessed that it was Viktor and Yuuri who informed the other skaters - so now the both of them were getting looks of uncertainty from the other skaters as if they were to jump on each other any second.




This is bullshit,

 Yuri thought. He couldn’t take much more of the stares that were thrown at him and Otabek. He was already in the middle of standing up, not realizing how it must have looked like for the other skaters sat around the table. His movement was too rapid and Yuri was thinking of an excuse for leaving the table. Ready to say something about having to go to the bathroom, another voice came from his left side.



“A get-together! Fantastic!” He heard that annoying voice say and an unpleasant giggle from a woman. JJ and his girlfriend. Just on time. Now no one would question why Yuri left his place so abruptly.



The rest of the skaters started getting up as well, talking about what to do next. Yuri managed to sneak out without anyone realizing which gave him the time to wander through the city centre alone and be left with his own thoughts.



Yuri had no idea why he was suppose to be the one who everyone stared at just because his archenemy was a fellow skater as well and they spent time in a group together. Honestly, if Yuri had to choose, he would spend a whole afternoon with Otabek than with most of the skaters. He was already used to people telling him how they can’t wait for him to find his archenemy just so