“Thank you!”

Yakov took the phone back from Viktor.  “You’re both ridiculous.  How are you feeling?”

“Nervous.  Minako’s here, Yuuko and Takeshi kept me busy between practice and now, but there’s only so much they can do for me.”

“Get used to it.  I don’t imagine either country is going to change things in the foreseeable future.”

“I know.  At least this year, the only thing at stake here is my pride.  Next year it’ll be different.”

“Oh?  You’re for sure moving up?”

Oops.  In the buildup to Nationals, he'd forgotten to talk to Yakov about this.  “I did what I stayed in Juniors to do.  Next year’s going to be a bad one anyway, I think, because of body changes messing me up, and I think it’ll get in my head less to go through that and the harder competition all at once instead of having a bad year in Juniors after the good one I’m having this year.”

Thankfully, Yakov didn't sound angry or even all that surprised by the decision.  “All right.  When will you be announcing?”

“After Junior Worlds, although if someone asks before then, I’ll answer honestly.”  He'd certainly rather have people talking about that than about kissing.  The more people asked, the more pressure he felt any time he thought about it.  What if it was horrible?  What if he was so bad at it that Viktor said never again?  What if Viktor loved it but he hated it, or the other way around, and they started fighting?

“Sounds good.  Now listen.  I know you were looking at quite a few changes, to get more points for a senior competition.  There’s nothing at stake here, so take as many risks as you can as long as you’re feeling good out on the ice.  Injuries can still affect you, so if you don’t feel like you’ve got something, don’t try to force it.”

“Yes, coach.”

“Go give Viktor something to chase tonight.”

“I’ll do my best!”

Yakov chuckled.  “You always do.”

 

Yuuri was in the third group of five, and he watched and stretched.  He hoped Viktor had found some way to stream it.  Phichit, too.  Walking out with Minako, he felt confident – the judges hadn’t given out anything too high, but the scores had been reasonable.  Then he heard the announcer: “Our next skater, Katsuki Yuuri, is Japan’s rising ace.  Junior National Champion, Junior Grand Prix Champion, and fifth place right here last year.  I can’t wait to see what’s in store for us, can you?”

“His scores in his junior competitions would put him in medal contention here, I believe.  Whether he makes it or not, we should be in for a treat.”

Rising ace?  How long had he been that?  What did that even mean?  He tried not to let his fluster show.  He had to skate.  He had to live up to the nickname he didn’t entirely understand.  The first big change: his double loop became a triple in his combination.  The only other change for this program was an upgraded sit spin, which he managed but not in a particularly spectacular way.

“What do I need to work on, Minako?”

Minako looked at him funny.  “Is now really the time to talk about it?”

“Yakov always does.  Normally he’d call, but he might be busy herding the others or meeting with sponsors.”

“Well, you can wait for his call.  I can see Lilia’s been working you properly.  It’s very important to keep stretching and practicing, if you want to stay flexible through puberty, Yuuri.  I’m sure Lilia will remind you of that too, but do what she tells you, and don't be afraid to ask her or me for help or advice.”

“Yes, Minako.”

Yuuri’s score came up, and his eyes got huge as he stared at the 80.  “That’s… that’s almost as good as what Viktor did in the qualifiers!”

“I think that’s a good sign, then.  I’m proud of you, Yuuri!”  Minako hugged him and helped him up.  “Go get changed before we watch the rest.”

Yuuri’s score was the second-best of the day, behind Hokama Masato.  The reporters were eager to talk to him.  “What do you think of the nickname you were given?  Japan’s Rising Ace?”

He certainly couldn't say what he was thinking, so he fell back on the usual bullshit answer.  “I think that I’m honored to have Japan show me such support, and I hope I lived up to their expectations of me this season.”

“What do you think of your chances to medal, going into the free skate in second?”

“I think