then he grasps the sides of the pants gently at the thighs, pinching the fabric between his fingers without touching Yuuri himself. He pulls them off with infinite slowness, dragging them under his ass and down his muscled legs. He has to get off the bed again, standing at the footboard until he can pull them off and finally Yuuri is naked, and partially bound, and still completely asleep. 



He doesn't think it will last, so he hurries to restrain Yuuri's ankles with two more of his hard-earned medals, though he keeps his legs closer together than his arms. Placing the other medal around his own neck, he gets the other supplies out of the nightstand and climbs back onto the mattress, not bothering anymore to restrain his movements. He wants him awake, now.



Yuuri's cock is already hard in the cool air of the bedroom, as it is every morning, and Viktor was counting on it. He starts running his right hand up the inside of Yuuri's thighs, in the slight gap he left when he anchored his feet to the bed. He braces his weight on his left hand as tickles along his balls, then runs the flat of his palm along Yuuri's left hip and up his ribcage. He's starting to stir, now, so Viktor leans over to whisper in his ear as he starts circling a nipple with his finger.



"Yuuri. Don't move. We're going to test your discipline this morning." 



Yuuri's eyes fly open and Viktor sees the surprised look on his face for just a moment before he latches onto his right nipple, sucking hard while he continues teasing the left. He can hear Yuuri gasp at the sensation, and feel him squirming, trying to figure out how he managed to get trussed up to the bed while he was sleeping.



"Viktor!" he chokes out, back arching slightly as Viktor leaves his nipple to lave at the muscles of his stomach, and then run his teeth over a hipbone.



"Ah, ah, ah, don't move Yuuri." He places a kiss on the tip of his cock before raising his head and meeting his eyes. "You are not to move or speak, but you can make all the noise you wish. Think of it as an alternate training session. I know you have incredible stamina, but I think we need to work on your restraint if you want to know what it's truly like to have a gold medal of your own." Yuuri's eyes widen in surprise and he turns his head enough to see what's around his wrist before Viktor's tsks at him again. "If you move again, I will continue with my plans for this morning and make you watch instead of including you. Do you understand? You may nod or shake your head." Yuuri nods, slowly. Viktor hesitates. "Are you uncomfortable? Would you like me to stop?" Yuuri emphatically shakes his head and Viktor smiles. "Then don't move again." 



Viktor takes his hands off Yuuri and grabs one of the items he took from the nightstand, a bottle of lube. He pops the cap and generously coats the fingers of his right hand, smirking at Yuuri before he turns his back to him, now kneeling by Yuuri's stomach but facing the foot of the bed. He widens his stance and looks back at Yuuri over his left shoulder with one eye, before bending over, bracing his left hand on the far side of Yuuri's body. He licks a long stripe down Yuuri's cock from tip to root before taking it into his mouth as far as he can, while simultaneously working his middle finger into himself. 



Yuuri moans loudly, whether from the sensation of Viktor's mouth or the sight of him fingering himself open he can't be sure. He can feel his entire body trembling, the command to not move so difficult for him to follow, but Yuuri has always pushed himself beyond his own known limitations in the pursuit of pleasing Viktor. The fifth medal is resting on Yuuri's right thigh as Viktor backs off a bit, swirling his tongue around the sensitive head, now pushing a second finger inside of himself, twisting them relentlessly as he rocks his hips against his own hand. 



His position is getting uncomfortable, so he changes tactics and sits up, removing his fingers and slathering them with more lube. He shifts to straddle Yuuri's hips, thankful that he was far enough away from the edge of the bed when he tied him down to allow this. Now Viktor braces his left hand on Yuuri's chest while he works his fingers back into himself, two again at first, shifting back until he can feel Yuuri's hard cock, and he allows it to rub against his hand while he works a third finger inside himself. The only friction Yuuri is getting is the sensation of Viktor's hand moving against it, even as Viktor's hips gyrate against fingers and he stretches himself wider. The sounds coming out of Yuuri are breathless and broken, but he hasn't