forward, and suddenly he has Viktor’s head pressed to his chest, and suddenly his arms are around Viktor’s shoulders, his face buried in his hair, the same hair he runs his fingers through in his dreams, and he feels Viktor melt into his touch, letting out another shuddering breath that may have been a sob.

“Don’t worry, Viktor,” Yuuri whispers, “there isn’t anything you could ever do that you would ever have to apologize to me for.”

Viktor begins to mumble something into his chest, and he pulls back to hear him better.

“-a fool. I’m... such... to think that you would feel... that we might... that we could ever...” he trails off, his eyes still closed.

Yuuri’s heart begins to race. “That we could ever what, Ser?”

Viktor’s head is hanging down once more, his face lost behind a silvery curtain.

“Viktor?”

“You’re too good... I don’t-” Viktor takes another sobbing breath, “I don’t deserve...” 

Yuuri stands, trying to pull Viktor up with him. “Come on, Ser, let’s get you dressed for bed.”

He nearly loses his grip on the knight as he helps him out of the tub, but he catches him, holding him close, and for the briefest of moments Yuuri is once again gazing into eyes like the stormy sea; waves that crash and bring him in with the tide, far in towards them, and their faces are so close, and Yuuri has such a sudden and insane urge to kiss him that he nearly drops him again.

“S-sorry, Ser. Let’s get you dressed.”

Soon he has Viktor back in his chambers, and as he’s helping him onto the bed Viktor grabs his hand again, bringing it to his lips, kissing his gold ring, and he mumbles something in a drunken slur.

“What was that, Ser?”

“Yuuri. Let’s sleep together.”

Yuuri may have fainted on the spot had the knight not been holding his hand. His head is still bent over it, droplets of water dripping from his hair and running down Yuuri’s fingers. There’s a long pause as Yuuri tries to think of a coherent answer, and Viktor slowly releases his hand.

“I’m sorry.”

Yuuri’s heart drops, and he quickly grabs Viktor’s hand up in his own. He brings it to his lips now, kissing his ring in return, and Viktor makes a strange noise that could have been a sob or a laugh.

“Okay. Let’s sleep together.”

==========

Viktor winces and blinks as the sunlight filters brightly through the large windows. Too bright, far too bright. Curse the sun, to have the audacity to rise each morning.

His head is pounding, a sure sign that he’d had far too much to drink last night. He recalls the bottle he and Christophe had finished, and he recalls stumbling back to his chambers, and he’s vaguely aware that Yuuri had given him a bath, and suddenly he’s very certainly aware that there is a Yuuri in his bed, an entire Yuuri, and he’s very certainly aware that his arms are around the boy, and the boy’s head is buried into his chest, and his chest tightens because he suddenly can’t breathe.

He’s trying to have a nervous breakdown as quietly as possible, so as not to wake him, but Yuuri must have felt his sudden tensing, because now he’s stirring and Viktor is frantically trying to remember what could have possibly happened last night that would lead to Yuuri sleeping in his bed and now Viktor is counting the seconds down until he dies. Although if he had to die, doing so with his arms around Yuuri would be worth it.

Yuuri makes a small sound as he wakes and Viktor melts because it just isn’t fair, and then the boy looks up at him. His eyes are sleepy and he’s smiling in a content but rather shy sort of way, and Viktor is absolutely speechless.

“Good morning, Ser.”

“I-I, er,” he’s regained his ability to speak, but is doing a rather shit job at utilizing it. "I. Um. Good morning, Yuuri.”

The boy reddens suddenly, as if remembering where he is and who he’s currently snuggled into, and he looks as though he’s having an internal struggle as to whether or not he ought to jump out of bed in a blind panic. Viktor is wondering if he ought to do the same.

But Yuuri is soft and warm and Viktor never wants to let go. So he doesn’t, and the two just sort of stare at each other.

“Um,” Yuuri breaks the silence, “are you alright, Ser?”

“Me? Perfectly fine.” He thinks his voice has risen a few octaves, and he clears his throat nervously.

“Ah. Er, well, last night you