fast, as if desperate to store away every little memory he had with this man in his little SD card. 

 

With the sunlight filtering through the windows, Viktor bathed in its ethereal glow as it fell softly on his skin, reminding Yuri of everything beautiful in this world.

 

Like a wingless angel. That was what Viktor reminded him of.

 

As the sun gradually disappeared from the wintery sky, the shadows began pooling into the room; the only thing that remained constant was Viktor's beauty and the rapid clicking of the camera. 

 

Yuri had suggested a change in background to which the model had spared no hesitation in picking the bed as their next shooting spot. He now sat on the queen sized bed with his shirt unbuttoned, arms spread out beside him on the headset, revealing the chiselled lines of his toned torso that ended at where his pelvic bones peeked out from his jeans. The photographer made sure to capture everything, clicking a few times just for extra measure, and he silently hoped that Viktor wouldn’t notice how much he was sweating right now because of the sheer amount of sex appeal he was exuding.

 

The older man had his leg propped up, his body and arms leaning against it for support as his expression transcended to a dreamy one, eyelids fluttering shut as a tranquil smile danced across his face.

 

"Viktor." 

 

Said man responded with a jerk of his head.

 

"Yeah?" 

 

"You have a really beautiful smile." 

 

As if to thank him, Viktor shot him a breath-taking view of his pearly whites which made Yuri's heart do somersaults. 

 

But something was bothering him. 

 

His eyes...

 

He'd been noticing strange things about them. Like how they would waver for one fleeting second, a wave of sadness taking over before it'd recede back into his mind as fast as it came, leaving behind nothing but two empty marbles.

 

His eyes were...lifeless. 

 

"Is something wrong?" 

 

Viktor's voice interrupted his trail of thoughts and he immediately apologized, shaking his head and waving it off. The Russian only gave him a long look. His face no longer radiant or serene.

 

Viktor got up, slowly coming forward to close the distance between him and the photographer. The camera clicked rapidly with each step, Yuri had long forgotten who he was taking these pictures for. As far as he knew, he was capturing memories for himself. Memories of the man he was developing feelings for.

 

The taller man stopped short of the other, his hands reaching behind his small shoulders to pull off the strap from his neck. Lowering his camera, Yuri gave him a confused look and Viktor ignored him, only leaning in to press their foreheads together. The moment he felt his cool skin on his, Yuri froze, the blood rushing to his cheeks.

 

His eyes behind the glasses were wide and admiring, and it broke Viktor's heart.

 

Because he didn't know if he could bear to tell him that -

 


"I'm dying, Yuri."


 

An ear shattering silence; Yuri thought he'd heard things wrong.

 

"What?" His breath hitched in his throat, a disbelieving laugh escaping him. "What?"

 

The blue irises that lay inches away from his were now wavering with such intense sadness. A sadness that shouldn't belong in the most beautiful shade of blue Yuri's ever seen. A bitter smile soon found its way on Viktor's lips and he looked absolutely hopeless. 

 

His mouth parted to form the difficult name of a rare disease and Yuri didn't manage to hear any of it, his ears had blocked them all out.

 

"...I only have two months left."

 

His voice trailed off and his gaze dropped to the ground, just like how Yuri's heart had sunk to the pits of his stomach.

 

This couldn't be happening. 

 

Seven billion people in the world, one in seven billion. 

 

Did they just have to take away the most beautiful one in Yuri's eyes?

 

It was so cruel. 

 

"That's why I wanted you to take these photos of me. As a reminder to myself that I was beautiful once because...I don't know how long more I can stay like this," Viktor explained, his voice reduced to a mere broken whisper. "I'm dying...fast."

 

Yuri didn't know he was crying till he tasted the saltiness on his lips. He looked at him breathlessly, mouth parting a few times but no words came out. The grip on his camera grew tighter till it shook. It was the only thing keeping him together so that he wouldn't break down in front of Viktor. He didn't want to be the one crying. It wasn't him who was dying after all and Viktor was just a stranger. 

 

So why did it still hurt so badly? Why did it feel like he’d just lost someone important? 

 

Noticing the tears streaming down his face, Viktor slowly reached out to remove his glasses. He coaxed the camera out of his trembling fingers, placing both on a drawer nearby before coming back to wipe the tears from his