in the presence of his fans; a wink here, a grin there, and he would have them wrapped around his pinky.

It didn’t work with Yuuri. Instead, Victor watched as Yuuri’s gaze flickered around the shop, refusing to meet his eyes, before settling on the now-cooling cup of coffee held in his hands.

There was a beat of silence after they’d finished their food. It was a neutral, amiable silence, bringing to mind the mellow hours of a first date. Victor sat back, Makkachin flopped over his lap, and thought back to Russia, to the people there that he’s left behind.

 How was Yuri Plisetsky doing? With a pang of guilt, he realized that he hadn’t thought of the younger model at all. Yuri would be taking all the heat from Yakov right now, because the modeling agency had just lost their ace and was probably scrambling to put another shoot together. Poor Yuri was only fifteen, and yet he would have to bear the burden of being the face of Russian modeling. At least until Victor finds inspiration from his adventures and returns to his proper place on the glossy cover of all the magazines.

Victor was sure Yuri would be fine. The boy has the looks, after all. It’s the attitude that he was worried about, but Victor was sure Yakov was slowly but surely whittling that teenage angst mood away from Yuri.

 Although...hmmm. Victor couldn’t help but feel as if he was forgetting something in regards to the short-tempered blond. Whatever it was, it probably wasn’t all that important.

Makkachin interrupted his thoughts by sliding off his legs to sniffle under the table for the last few crumbs. When he couldn’t find any, the poodle leapt back up to lick at Victor’s face, finding a few crumbs stuck to his cheek. Victor batted the dog away playfully and Makkachin barked, offended. Victor laughed and wrangled Makkachin down from where the dog was panting and looking content, before at last turning to Yuuri.

Victor noticed that Yuuri hadn’t touched his halves of the sandwich at all. The grilled cheese lay, toppled awkwardly together, the cheese starting to look oily and unappetizing.

Across the table, Yuuri had noticed that he was under scrutiny. The brunette knotted his hands together, nervous.

The awkwardness didn’t sit well with Victor.

“So what about you?” Victor said, smoothly.

Yuuri hesitated, his head tilted slightly to the side in contemplation of the question. Victor found his lips quirking upwards.  Adorable. 

There was something unreadable in those brown eyes of his. To Victor’s surprise, he seemed to be drawn into figuring out this enigma that was Katsuki Yuuri. It was rare for him to find someone that he would have trouble figuring out, and Yuuri had seemed, at least in Victor’s opinion, to be someone who wore his heart on his sleeve. Instead, there were secrets to this meek man who’d stumbled into the Makkachin Cafe.

“What are your comfort foods?” Victor shrugged. “I told you mine was grilled cheese, and you even went and made it for me. What about you then?”

“Pork cutlet bowl,” Yuuri replied without hesitation. It was Victor’s turn to be slightly baffled.

“Hmmm, sounds interesting.” He’d seen pictures of pork cutlet bowls, of course, and Russians were no strangers to pork products, but he’s never thought to try one for himself.

“It’s kind of hard to make though,” Yuuri admitted, with a small modest smile. “My mom can make it perfectly, but I’ve yet to perfect it. I’m trying though! I mean, of course, I cook it when I miss her cooking but it never comes out completely...right…”

“What does it taste like?” Victor asked.

Yuuri blinked. “It’s breaded, fried pork laid on a bed of rice and sometimes mixed in with fried egg.”

“Sounds amazing,” Victor said. And as he opened his mouth to invite Yuuri out to dinner sometime,  maybe we could go look for a restaurant that makes good pork cutlet bowls together in Tokyo, or you could show me the good food in this area, what do you think- 

Makkachin, ever the troublemaker, had also noticed that Yuuri had left his sandwiches untouched. The dog lunged for the treat, scrabbling onto the table and scarfing down half a sandwich before either Yuuri or Victor had time to react. The two men leapt out of their seats with yelps of alarm and Makkachin led them on a merry chase around the unfurnished restaurant before flopping down in utter defeat and getting tickled mercilessly by both Yuuri and Victor.

::x::

“Do you like dogs?” Victor said.

Yuuri nodded. The brunette’s gaze was still on Makkachin, the poodle squirming delightedly as Yuuri’s fingers scratched the underside of his chin.

Yuuri untangled his hand from Makkachin’s fur and Makkachin let out a half-sigh of disappointment, so Victor took over.

It was then that