-old dreams!”

“Fair.  What happened to JJ?”

 

Otabek did fuck it up, but that quickly resolved itself.  That helped a little, giving Otabek a little more security with his friendship.  He went to Russian Nationals and Europeans, Yuri came to Four Continents – he said Viktor dragged him there to inspire Yuuri, but Otabek had his doubts – and they were practically glued together at Worlds.  That’s where Otabek nearly fucked up his friendship with Yuri a second time.

He was playing some of his music for Yuri when JJ pulled up a chair to their table.  “Hey!  Beks!  Wanna come help with my skating camp in June?”  He noticed Yuri glaring.  “Aw, don’t pout at me like that, you’re invited too, Yuri-chan.”

Otabek put a hand on Yuri’s shoulder, and Yuri managed to contain his rage to glares and the occasional hiss.  “I’ve done it the last couple years, Yura, it’s fun.  Even if you don’t want to participate, there’s a lot to do in Toronto.  I’ll be there, JJ.”

Yuri got up and stormed off, leaving Otabek torn between going after him and letting him get the rage out first.  JJ shook his head.  “Angry little kitten you’ve got there, Beks.  You sure he’s worth the effort to tame?”

“Absolutely.”

When Yuri came back, he flopped into Otabek’s lap.  Otabek raised an eyebrow at him.  “Well?  Are you coming or not?”

“I’ll be there.  I’ll even participate.”

 

For the next three months, Otabek waited to hear that Yuri was backing out.  It wasn’t until they were on a plane to Toronto that he realized this was actually happening.  “I cannot believe I’m doing this.  I especially can’t believe I’m going to be basically living with JJ for two weeks.”

“I’m glad you did.  This is going to be the best year yet.”

JJ and Isabella picked them up at the airport and drove them to their house.  On the way home, JJ shot Otabek a wink through the rearview mirror and put on some music.  Otabek would have killed him if he weren’t driving when he recognized the song.  Yuri made a face.  “Yes, JJ.  We get it.  You and Isabella are as sickeningly in love as the idiot couple back home.”

Otabek buried his face.  “This isn’t about him and Bella.  He’s playing this to tease me.  This is mine.”

Yuri gave him a look of betrayal and shock.  “Since when do you work with crappy country songs?”

“Since that idiot driving us around lost a bet with Leo.  I did the best I could with the source material, but…”

JJ smirked.  “How do you know it’s a country song?”

“Because Mila is an idiot who has apparently decided it’s her new favorite song.  You’d think it was the only song she ever listens to, since the Finals.”

“Huh.  Never figured Mila for a country fan,” Isabella said.  Otabek hadn’t either, and he was starting to get a suspicion.  He just might have to kill JJ.  And Mila.  And Leo, for good measure.

 

For the next two weeks, JJ took great pride in playing the song every chance he got, both Otabek’s version and the original.  Both Otabek and Yuri were ready to kill him, and even Bella was sick of the song.  The night before Otabek and Yuri were due to leave for St. Petersburg, where Otabek would be staying another two weeks with his coach’s blessing, JJ finally snapped.  He shoved them into the room they were sharing, stole their phones, and locked the door.  “You two are not coming out until I can stop playing this song.  Bella’s threatening to move out.”

“JJ, you maple-brained poutine ass piece of shit, let us the fuck out of here!”  Yuri slammed a fist on the door.  He turned around, slouching against the door with his arms folded, and glared at Otabek.  “What are we supposed to be doing?”

Otabek opened his mouth to say he didn’t know when the song started playing.  Are you gonna kiss me or not?  Yuri went scarlet, and Otabek prayed that his darker skin was a little better at hiding his blush.  “I… think JJ might be trying to get us to kiss?”

Yuri squeezed his eyes shut, turning even redder.  “Why?”

“I don’t know.  Probably because he’s an idiot.”

Yuri groaned and let his head thump against the door a couple times.  “Is this why Baba developed an obsession with this song.”

“I’ve been wondering that.”

“Idiots.  I don’t need their meddling.”

Neither did Otabek.  Was this going to fuck up their friendship beyond repair?  “I’m sorry.”

Yuri waved him off.  “I’ll