a starting crouch, so does he.



“On my mark...get set...

go!

”



They dash across the cool grass, Makkachin bounding between them. Victor’s quite certain his legs are longer, but he’s also painfully aware of the tightness at his side and his recent inactivity. Too many long hours stuck signing Yakov’s unending papers and performing appropriately restrained grief. Still, Victor’s the one who crashes into the tree’s narrow trunk first, laughing as he swings around it to take in Yuuri’s grin as he skids to a stop.



“You’ve beat me, fair and square.” Yuuri’s words are respectful but his tone is not, carries a breathless edge that says 

next time, I’ll beat you for sure

, and Victor laps it up greedily.



“No, it was an unfair start. You count us off this time.”



Yuuri nods sharply. “This time, the juniper!” Rather than counting down, he takes off.



“Oi!” Victor launches after him. “Makkachin, stop that scoundrel!”



Makkachin streaks past him, leaping for Yuuri’s back and slashing worry through Victor. But Yuuri hits the ground rolling and laughing, Makkachin licking his face and pawing at him in delight. Makkachin looks up at Victor as if to say 

I caught one for you,

 giving little excited hops that make Yuuri grunt at the weight.




It’s never that easy, old friend.

 Victor scrubs at his curly pelt. “Come on, you oaf, get off him.” He extends his hand to Yuuri. “Well, 

that

 was unfair, too.”



Yuuri grabs his forearm solidly, rolling to his feet. “I’m not so weak that I need you to take pity on me.”



Victor grins back at him fiercely, not letting go of his arm. “So show me.”



He’s probably fooling himself, but he thinks, he 

thinks

 Yuuri’s cheeks colour. Before he can be certain, Yuuri rips out of his grip and dashes away. Makkachin circles Victor’s feet once before shooting after him.



There’s no goal in mind now except chasing Yuuri. Which proves more challenging than he’d expected: Yuuri darts about like a fish in a stream, spinning quickly on the ball of his foot and launching in a new direction. It’s nothing Victor can’t keep up with, but it’s bliss, a rush he hasn’t felt since heading home but with none of the terror sour in his gut. He finds himself holding back, staying just close enough to keep up the game but leaving enough distance so he can watch the way Yuuri moves in the growing moonlight. Victor can almost hear music, something wilder than anything Yuuri played earlier. Graceful and vibrant and lifting Victor’s heart and quickening his breath and tugging at the sinews of his legs and arms until he’s running as if tumbling, laughter at the edge of his breath and fizzing down his arms. Unbidden, his hand comes up, reaches, and he catches hold of the back of Yuuri’s shirt with a triumphant crow.



With his own laughter spilling out messily, Yuuri turns, not away but in, into the curl of Victor’s arm. Their momentum still carries them forward, so he lets it, lets them twist and tumble off balance until the ground crashes against his shoulder and Yuuri smacks face-first into his chest. He’s surely gotten a thick fresh smudge of dirt up the back of his new coat, but who can fault him, who, with this gorgeous young man rising above him, rubbing his bumped nose and half-covering his goofy smile.



Victor still hasn’t let go of his shirt. He doesn’t particularly care to.



Yuuri plants one hand on the grass inside the curve of Victor’s shoulder, close enough he can feel its heat radiating against his neck. His stomach and hips press down against Victor, one leg slipping down between his knees.



“Sorry, I…” Yuuri smells faintly of sweet hay.



“Victor!”



The old man’s voice booms across the garden; normally, a friendly sound, but it spikes resentment through Victor. They scramble to their feet like guilty children. Victor dusts off the back of his coat, taking a step towards the advancing Plisetsky patriarch.



“Your most Serene Highness, they are looking for you indoors.” Nikolai comes to a stop at the bottom of the shallow steps, his arms folded across his broad chest, his formality clearly a rebuke.



He has the selfish urge to refuse, to pretend he hadn’t heard. Wanting to stall, he looks over at his new friend.



Who is gone.



Not gone, just dropped to his knees, face to the grass. Makkachin snuffs his head concernedly.



“Your Highness, I...I didn’t know…”



Victor’s chest fills with a deep icy weariness. “Didn’t know? Did you mistake me for a pig-boy like yourself?” He hates himself for the sharp words and the mocking tone,