.  And yet, every time I go on a task with another knight, they’re all about ‘don’t worry, Yuri, I’ll protect you, you just concentrate on what you’re doing.’  Even if they’re not a dragon knight.  I did an investigation into a sea monster a few months back with this guy Michele I know, just a regular horse-and-sword knight, and he insisted on protecting me.”  Yuri’s voice got small.  “And then we met when you had to rescue me.”

Otabek shrugged.  “You were also alone with a wounded dragon against a flock of angels.  That you survived the encounter just makes me even more convinced you’re a badass who can take care of himself.  You said you’d taken out half the flock before I got there, and from the corpses I saw, you weren’t exaggerating.”

“And you quickly ripped the other half to pieces.”

“They were tired and wounded from having fought you already, and you were still there to keep them from focusing entirely on me.  If you need protection because you have a spell to concentrate on, all you have to do is say so, but I’m not going to treat you like some trainee or civilian.”

“Thanks.”  Yuri flew out ahead a little, and Otabek let him go.  It looked like he had something to work through.

 

This time, the rumors were real – sort of.  There was a strange dragon in the area, but it didn’t look dangerous.  It looked old.  Otabek startled when Harley went into a dive, followed by Potya.  They landed and turned to give their knights pointed looks.

Otabek slid off and walked around to look Harley in the eye.  “What is this, boy?”

Harley didn’t answer.  He just took off to the sky.  Potya continued to glare at Yuri, who crossed his arms and glared back.  “You think I’m gonna hop off and let you take off without me?  Forget that.”  The two remained locked in a staring contest until Harley came back in a dive.  Potya glanced over to Otabek, went back to glaring at Yuri, and finally decided to take off with Yuri still riding.

Otabek went on foot to a group of people huddled under an outcropping rock.  “Do any of you require assistance?”

“Who are you?” the tallest of the men said, stepping forward.

“Sir Otabek Altin of Kazakhstan, dragon knight.”

He scoffed.  “If you’re a dragon knight, where’s your dragon?”

“Investigating the other dragon.  He told me to stay behind.”

Another scoff and an incredulous look at his companions.  “Aren’t you supposed to be in charge?”

“Harley and I are a team.  I trust his judgment.  Most of the time, anyway.”  Otabek glanced up at the sky.  “So, my question…”

“Sasha’s been burned.  He got too close to the dragon.”  The spokesman’s face hardened.  “I think he deserves part of the treasure, don’t you?”

“I think the law says that no one but dragon knights are supposed to approach a dragon’s lair, and the fine is more than any of you would care to pay if you can avoid it.”  Otabek approached Sasha and crouched beside him to examine the wounds.  “You’ll live.”  He took off his pack and dug out a burn cream, spreading it on the burns.

Yuri’s scream caught his attention and he ran.  He didn’t know if there was anything he could do, Yuri was probably several meters off the ground, but he could look.  Harley and Potya were circling the other dragon, diving in to strafe it with fire.  He couldn’t see enough detail, but he could see Yuri’s golden hair and the occasional burst of fire or lightning from his hands when Potya got in close.

It seemed like Yuri was okay, so Otabek went back in with the “adventurers”.  “The dragon’s a bit busy.  You should go.  Now, while you can, before I’ve been around long enough to remember numbers and faces instead of plausibly saying I don’t remember and don’t recognize any of you if I see you in town.”

Most of them got to their feet gratefully and ran toward the nearest village.  There were three who stayed.  The spokesman from earlier was one of them, as was the wounded man, and a woman with a bow.  Otabek just shook his head.  “Don’t be fools.  Get home.  Don’t make me bring you in as prisoners.  The dragon’s hoard will go to the king’s council to decide what to do with, as is customary.”

The spokesman drew himself up.  “Who are you to decide that?”

“I’m not deciding.  This has been royal law for over a century.  I’m a dragon knight, which makes it my job to enforce the decision.”

“You’re rather full of