other man some tissues to dry off his pants.

“Seriously, don’t worry about it,” Viktor said happily, like Yuuri had just given him a birthday present instead of spilled freezing water on him.

After a minute of dabbing at his crotch, to which Yuuri looked disinterestedly away, Viktor smiled at him and they made their way back to the table.  Phichit sat worriedly, staring at them both.  His phone wasn’t even out.  

“Are you...okay?” Phichit whispered as Yuuri sat down.

Yuuri nodded.  “Yeah, thanks.”

“I was going to go after you but Viktor insisted,” he said quietly.

“It’s okay.  I’m glad he did.  Thanks,” Yuuri said, smiling a bit.

“Oh, okay good,” Phichit grinned back.

“So, are you all ready to order?” the waiter asked, returning with a notepad.

As they nodded their assent, he turned to Viktor first.  

“I’ll have the roast chicken please.”

“It comes with a side salad, what kind of dressing would you like?”

“Yuuri!  My salad is dressed!” Viktor laughed.

Yuuri laughed as well as the waiter continued in confusion.  “We have Thousand Island, Ranch…”

“Are there cowboys on it?” Viktor asked in all seriousness.

“What if he only wants Five Hundred Islands?” Yuuri interrupted and they both burst out laughing again.

Phichit simply rolled his eyes and gave the waiter a pleading look.  “Could you come back in a minute, when my friends are less insane please?”

Yuuri is still figuring out things after his somewhat disastrous dinner with Viktor, but strangely the other man still wants to be in his company, so why not go out to lunch, nothing bad ever happens over lunch


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Two days later and Yuuri still couldn’t stop thinking about that night with Viktor.  Luckily his first class of the day was a rather dull history lecture he took along with Phichit.  The professor droned monotonously on about things he never tested on, so the two usually sat in the back and chatted.

“I seriously can’t believe what a fool I made of myself,” Yuuri sighed as Phichit doodled a hamster on the sides of his notes.  

“Well at least the rest of the night went smoothly,” Phichit whispered, “I mean, after you ran into a mailbox and then spilled ice water all over Viktor’s crotch.”

“I guess…” Yuuri replied.

“What do you mean ‘you guess?’” Phichit said, “Yuuri, the...I don’t know...vibe he was putting out toward you...did you really not notice?”

“He’s just being nice,” Yuuri replied.  “I mean, he’s...him!  Why would he be interested in me?  I just don’t believe it.”

“Maybe cause you’re one of the top figure skaters in the world?”

“Well he’s the number one skater so…”

“Okay obviously he can’t like you then,” Phichit sighed sarcastically, “Maybe cause you’re nice?  Or cute?  Or he’s just got yellow fever,” Yuuri’s eyes went wide, “I’m just kidding.  But seriously, he likes you.  I can tell.”

“I still don’t believe it,” Yuuri muttered, “but I believe YOU believe it.”

“Well that’s a start,” Phichit replied.  “Maybe try to hang out with him again.  Without me.  Seriously, you don’t know how hard it was for me to be around you two and want to jump into conversations!  But then I knew I needed to let you have some space to get to know him...it was torture!”

“Wait, so it was torture when I didn’t want to speak to him, but now it’s torture when I talk to him...Phichit make up your mind,” Yuuri chuckled and a girl in front of him turned around to give him a shush and a glare.

Yuuri gave the girl an apologetic shrug and turned back to whisper with Phichit.  Even though he didn’t believe it, there was still questions.  Like what the hell was that moment they shared after the hug, where Viktor leaned in so close and touched his forehead to his own.  That was surely not normal, not something friends did.  Even weird Russian friends.

Morning dragged into afternoon and Yuuri finally got a break between classes.  Wolfing down a sandwich on his way home, he decided to take advantage of his next free hour and think on his Viktor situation.  Unfortunately for Yuuri, that very situation presented itself sitting at the kitchen table when he entered the house.  

“Oh, Yuuri!” Viktor said pleasantly, looking up from his books.  

“Hey,” Yuuri replied, biting his lip.  Damn Phichit for not coming home with him, now it was just he and Viktor, alone in the house.  

“Did you just get back from class?” the other man asked as Yuuri set his backpack on a free chair.

“Yeah