lobby of the hotel with Otabek Altin.  Guang Hong had skated against Otabek before and was slightly intimidated by the Kazakh skater.  He’d never seen Otabek talking to anyone but his coach!

Guang Hong had just decided to give up and try again later when Leo looked up and met his eyes.  “Guang Hong!”  He waved him over.  “Did I say that right?”

“Close enough.”

“No, I’m not accepting that.  How do you say it?”

On his second try at getting the syllables out, Guang Hong said his name.  Leo repeated it, getting it right that time.  “It’s really not that important, though.”

“It is to me.  People can mostly manage Leo, but my sister Esperanza, she came home in tears after her first day of school because everyone insisted that her name was too hard and she had to have a nickname.  Do you have plans for the evening?”

“Um, at some point I’m going to go get dinner, but other than that, no.”

“Want to join us?  Otabek and I were just waiting for Phichit to get down here, he takes forever putting his makeup on, and then we’re gonna go to a club.”

“Don’t you have to be eighteen?  I’m not yet,” Guang Hong stammered.  He could not believe this was happening.

Leo shrugged with an easy smile.  “Neither is Otabek, not till the end of the month.  They don’t serve alcohol, so it’s a popular place for teenagers to go because they don’t have to have a minimum age.”

“Oh!  Okay!  Sure, I’d love to go… if that’s okay with Otabek and Phichit?”

Otabek shrugged.  “I don’t mind.”

“And the day Phichit Chulanont turns down the chance to make a new friend is the day Yuri Plisetsky is voluntarily nice to someone.”

Guang Hong laughed.  He’d skated against Plisetsky the last couple years, and was terrified of the kid.  Otabek’s eyes grew a little darker.  “What’s wrong with Yuri Plisetsky?”

“I take it you don’t know him, then?” Leo said.

Otabek just shrugged.  “No better than you do, you moved up the same time I did so you’ve never skated against him either.”

“No, but sometimes, you can just tell what kind of person someone is from social media.  Phichit’s a ball of sunshine, Guang Hong here is sweet and kind, and Yuri Plisetsky is a foul-tempered brat.”

Guang Hong hoped he wasn’t as red as he felt he was.  Otabek just shrugged again.  “I disagree.  You’re right about Phichit and I’ll take your word for it on Guang Hong, but you’re wrong about Yuri.”

“Oh my god, Otabek, do you have a crush?” Leo asked.

“No.  You do, though.”

Leo scrunched up his face.  “How are you getting crush from foul-tempered brat?”

“I’m getting crush from sweet and kind.”

Guang Hong squeaked, and Leo looked a little discomfited.  “I guess that makes more sense.  Where the hell is Phichit?”

“Sorry!”  Phichit waved.  “Yuuri had a bit of a Viktor related meltdown and I had to talk him through it.”

It wasn’t until they were at the club and Otabek had taken over the DJ station for a while that it occurred to Guang Hong that Leo hadn’t denied the crush.  Leo and Phichit looked at him curiously as he had a coughing fit after nearly choking on his strange American tea.  Who would have thought that Americans would drink their tea with ice?  “Sorry, I’m okay, I just… I’m fine.”

“You sure?  Because I’m sure Leo wouldn’t mind giving you the Heimlich if you need it…”  Phichit winked, causing Leo to glare at him.

“What’s a Heimlich?”

“It’s something to do if you see someone choking.  You stand behind them, wrap your arms around them so that your hands are in a certain spot, and do a sharp upward thrust to force the air in the lungs to push out whatever the obstruction in the throat is.”

Phichit got a mischievous smile.  “Maybe you should show him, Leo.  It’s the best way to learn where to put your hands, having someone show you.”

Leo covered his face with his hands.  “Phichit, I swear to God, I am going to kill you.”

“No, he’s got a point,” Guang Hong said.  “Show me?”

Leo got up and wrapped his arms around Guang Hong, and suddenly Guang Hong realized the problem here.  Whoops.  “Okay, make a fist with one hand, wrap the other around it.  Put your hands here, right below the ribs.  When you thrust, you’re gonna try to get under the ribs, short and sharp.”  Thankfully, he didn’t actually demonstrate