and walked off.

Viktor stared after him.  “I think it’s time to open an investigation on whether he’s been replaced by a body snatcher.”

“Maybe.  I’m just waiting for the other shoe to drop.”

 

Yuuri had big plans for his dream.  With Dream Viktor, he could experiment, do some things that he wasn’t sure about in the real world, and find out.  No pressure, no judgment, no having to face Viktor after leading him on and then chickening out.  He wouldn’t get tired.  He wouldn’t get hurt.  He had all night, and he’d remember it, so when it came time to try for real…

Viktor would be so surprised when Yuuri could show him a halfway decent attempt at a quad flip.

Sadly, that was not going to happen.  At least, not the way Yuuri had been envisioning it.  He and Viktor weren’t alone on the ice.  “What the fuck.”

Rykov shrugged.  “Imagine my surprise.  I thought about warning you, but figured you’d never believe me anyway, so… at least in here you’re not going to believe this is me trying to mess with you.”

“Yuuri?” Viktor interrupted.  “What’s going on?”

“Viktor.  Um.  I have another soulmate.”

“Oh?  Who?  Phichit?”

“Rykov.”

Viktor stared at Yuuri for a good long time.  “Well.  I’ve had four years to get to know you, so… Rykov?”

“Rykov.”  Yuuri shrugged.  “How badly does this mess up your big plans?”

“That depends on whether you’re willing to invite him.  I did consider this possibility, although not him specifically.  Of course, he’s probably already gone or leaving tomorrow…”

“Rykov?”  The guy looked back at Yuuri.  “How much longer are you in Paris?”

“Leaving on the 30th.  I made the mistake of telling my coach, and she realized that it would be one extra day in Paris if I stayed to talk to you.  And Viktor, too, I guess.  If you guys want to talk to me.  She thought Viktor would insist on it.”

 

Viktor woke Yuuri up with a kiss.  “Good morning, Sleeping Beauty!”

“Good morning, dragon.  Would you hate me forever if I had another soulmate?”  Yuuri didn't think so, Viktor believed too strongly, but you never knew.

“No, of course not.  Who is it?  Are they in Paris?”

“It’s, um… "  There was no easy way to say it.  "It’s Rykov.  His coach is making him stay in Paris an extra day.”

Viktor stared blankly.  “Rykov.”

“I know.”

“All that asshat has put you through, and you’re soulmates?”

“Looks like.”

Viktor sighed and shook his head.  “I’d hate to see what he’d have done if you weren’t soulmates.”

“Come on, Viktor, it’s not like he knew until a few months ago.  That’s why he’s been avoiding me so far this season.”

“Rykov.  Of all the… I’d considered that you might have another soulmate, but he’s one who had never occurred to me.  How do we contact him?”

“He said he’d be hanging out in the hotel lobby getting ahead in his schoolwork.  Easy to find if we want to, easy to ignore if we don’t.”

“I see.”  Viktor held Yuuri tight.  “I’m sure you know what I think you should do, but what do you want to do?”

“What do I want to do?”  Yuuri squeezed in against Viktor.  “Keep this a secret, never ever tell anyone who might even think about letting it slip to the media, marry you, and take it to our graves.  That’s not what I’m going to do, though.”

“Oh?  You’re not going to do any of that?”  Viktor pouted playfully at Yuuri.

“I’m going to marry you.  Taking the secret to our graves may well end up being the game plan.  Buuuuuuuut… I’m going to get dressed, go to the lobby, find Rykov, and talk this out.  There’s too much bad blood for this to be easy, but maybe it’s not impossible.”

 

Rykov jumped a little when Yuuri and Viktor sat at the table he’d spread his books over.  “Viktor.  Yuuri.”  He closed his book.  “Do you want to do this here so there are witnesses, or find somewhere more private so the media has less chance to find out?”

“Um.”  Yuuri felt Viktor’s hand take his and squeeze.  “Private’s good.  Is it okay if Viktor comes along?”

Rykov paused in shoving his book into a bag at his feet.  “I never thought he wouldn’t.  It’s okay.”  He threw the bag over his shoulder and led them to