Yuuri.  I’m more surprised that they still have all their clothes on.”  He took a seat by Seung Gil.  “Hi.”

“Hello.”

“What brings you to Saint Petersburg?”

Seung Gil waved his glass vaguely in the direction of Phichit and Mila, who were taking a selfie out on the dance floor.  “Still my best friend.  Better than going to Canada to see JJ, Emil’s there and he brought the annoying twins with him.  Needed to get away from my mom for a few weeks.”

“Makes sense, I guess.”  Georgi watched them dance.  “Did you see that one coming?  Because I sure didn’t.”

Seung Gil finished off his vodka and signaled for another.  “I was completely surprised.  I knew Phichit was straight, but somehow, I never thought of Mila as his type.  Yuuri tells me he dated girls like her in Detroit.”

“Phichit’s straight?  Seriously?”  Even with Mila, he’d been assuming bi.  Pan, maybe.

Seung Gil shrugged.  “It’s what he said when I asked him out.  He said he liked me a lot but that he was straight.  Seems like every guy I’m attracted to is either straight or has been dating the same girl since he was like ten years old and it doesn’t matter that he’s bi because he’ll never see anyone but her.”

“JJ?”

“JJ.”  Seung Gil took a sip of his new drink.  “I’m happy for him.  Isabella’s good for him.  I just get mopey when I’m in the stage between sober and properly drunk.  Sorry.”

Georgi hid the indulgent smile.  “I’ve inflicted plenty of drunken mopes on others.  You’re fine.”

“What can I do to be the kind of guy who other gay guys see?”

Georgi patted Seung Gil’s shoulder.  “Be you.  No one else can.  Someday, someone will see you.”

Seung Gil’s face clearly expressed his skepticism.  “Is it selfish of me to hate Mila right now?”

“Yeah, probably.”  Georgi took a long swig of his beer.  “As long as you don’t treat her worse than usual, who cares?  I still hate that asshole Christov who Anya got with after dumping me.  Even now that I’ve moved on and found someone new myself.”

“Huh.  Phichit didn’t say anything about you having a new girlfriend.”

Georgi huffed a laugh.  “That’s because no one believes that Lilia and I are actually together.  Yuri’s convinced it’s some sort of revenge against Yakov.”

“Huh?  Who’s Lilia and why would Yakov care?”

“Lilia’s my girlfriend, Yuri’s choreographer, and Yakov’s ex-wife.  Yuri somehow thinks I would move in with Lilia, knowing it would piss off my coach, just to mess with people.  He’s convinced it’s a pretend relationship.”  Lilia found it amusing, but Georgi was sick of the skepticism.  Yakov he could deal with.  His rinkmates?  They were annoying.

“Why would you fake a relationship with your coach’s ex-wife?”  Seung Gil stared at Georgi, brows drawn together.  “Why would you get into a real relationship with your coach’s ex-wife?  No one’s worth the awkwardness that must be your practice time.”

“Lilia is.  It’s really not that awkward anymore, or at least, it wouldn’t be if Viktor and Yuri and Mila would stop bringing it up.”

Phichit and Mila came back from the dance floor and joined them, and the subject dropped.  For several drinks, they chatted about hamsters, gossip about other skaters, makeup, or whatever else came into their heads.  Seung Gil lightened up and started having fun, and Phichit suggested they all go dance some more.

For as drunk as he was, Seung Gil was a good dancer, and he naturally paired off with Georgi with everyone else having a partner.  He’d been there when Seung Gil got drunk enough to kiss Takeshi, but it was still a bit of a surprise when Seung Gil decided to kiss Georgi.  Once he’d recovered, he pulled Seung Gil in closer.

 

Lilia was waiting for them when Georgi and Seung Gil stumbled in, Georgi half carrying Seung Gil because of how drunk he was.  “Hello, boys.  Have a good time?”

“Yes.”  Georgi wrapped his free arm around Lilia’s waist and kissed her.  “Did you miss me?”

“Always.  Viktor texted me about how much fun you were having.”  Lilia looked Seung Gil over.  “I’m a little surprised, I didn’t think he’d be your type.”  She reached up and stroked his face, which Seung Gil didn’t seem to object to.

“He’s a lot of fun once he’s drunk.”

Lilia pulled her hand back.  “How drunk is he?”

Georgi sighed and let go of Lilia.  “Drunk enough that I’m leaving