t entirely surprising; Otabek was known as the quiet type.  Once they were in the carriage, Yuuri cleared his throat.  “Please allow me to explain.  Minami, your apprenticeship will be standard.  You’ll be working with me, assisting me with my projects and research, gradually trusted to do more as you progress.”

“Thank you!”  Minami nearly bounced out of his chair.  “I’ll work hard to prove that I’m worthy of your teaching!”

“I expect nothing less.”  Yuuri smiled at Minami and then turned to Otabek.  “Yours is going to be highly unusual, and must be kept as secret as possible.  Prince Yuri is gifted, and must be trained, but as a prince he can’t be sent to the Academy.  Officially, and as far as the Academy is concerned, you are my apprentice.  Unofficially, the king would like you to teach Yuri to control his gifts and help him advance.”

Otabek’s eyes opened wide, and Minami thought he saw a trace of fear in there.  “Why must it be kept secret?”

“King Yakov and Prince Viktor both agree that having a prince who can use magic would be a huge benefit in our… feud… with Canada.  It becomes much more beneficial if that weapon is a secret weapon.”

“Why me?”

“Prince Yuri is rather…” Yuuri searched for the word.  “Volatile.  He can be a royal pain.”  Otabek chuckled at the pun.  “Viktor and I thought that your temperament was well-suited to deal with him, and from what testing I’ve done, you and he seem to match up well – it’s not perfect, I think you’ll find his approach very different from yours, but the results are the same.  Also, we thought you would be able to keep the secret.”

“That shouldn’t be a problem.”

“As a sort of special payment for having to deal with Prince Yuri, you’ll be given full access to the music room, and time to enjoy it.”

Otabek nodded.  “Is the Prince really that bad?”

“It’s been very difficult keeping a proper tutor for him.  I don’t know how you’ll do, but Viktor and I will do everything we can to help you.”

“Me too!” Minami said.  “I don’t know what I can do, but if you think of something, I’ll do it!”

“Alright, then.  I look forward to the challenge.”

Coaching change for Minami brings new rinkmates with it.

Tags: future, Yuuri and Viktor become coaches, sort of Otayuri (no one knows whether they're together or not, probably not even them)


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

When Yakov and Viktor retired in the same year, it was only natural for Viktor to take over as Yuri Plisetsky’s coach.  He was already coaching Katsuki Yuuri, Yuri knew him, they could keep using the same rink, nobody had to move, Yakov was there to help out if Viktor needed it but he didn’t have to keep up with full-time coaching demands anymore.  Everyone was happy.

Two years later, when Yuuri announced his retirement, Minami kept hearing rumors that he and Viktor planned to move to Japan.  To Hasetsu.  Minami didn’t believe it – would Yuri agree to it?  Would he change coaches?

At Worlds, as soon as the free skate was over, Minami’s coach pulled him aside.  “I know this is sudden, but my husband was just diagnosed with cancer, and I want to quit coaching to take care of him.  I’ve already talked to someone about possibly coaching you and they’re more than willing, if you are.”

“I’m sorry about your husband.  Who’s my new coach?”

“Again, this is only if you want to, he’s never coached before but he’ll be working with a more experienced coach.  Katsuki Yuuri plans to coach with his husband.  Viktor will have primary responsibility for Yuri Plisetsky, Yuuri for you.”

“Yuuri is willing to coach me?”  Minami pinched himself.  This was something he'd dreamed of since he was a kid!

“He was quite happy with the prospect.  You’ll have to move to Hasetsu, will that be a problem?”

“Hasetsu?  Not St. Petersburg?  I can do Hasetsu easily!”  He'd visited a lot to watch Yuuri in competitions that he wasn't in himself.

His coach shrugged.  “Apparently Viktor wanted to go to Hasetsu and neither Yuri objected.”

 

Minami wasn’t the only student joining Viktor and the Yuris in Hasetsu.  Minami had never believed the rumors about Otabek Altin and Yuri Plisetsky, but he couldn’t come up with any other reason why Otabek would leave Kazakhstan to train in a small town in Japan with two former rivals as coaches and two current rivals as rinkmates – and it didn’t help that the two of them were living together.  Whatever Otabek and Yuri were to each other, on the ice