been someone else screaming Anya’s name in the middle of a free skate at last year’s Cup of China.  My mistake.”  Georgi glared, but Yuri just leaned against the lockers and pulled out his own phone.  “It pissed you off enough to break your phone.  So come on, spill.  What’d Marina do?”

“Marina?  Nothing.”  Georgi’s face got all soppy and Yuri gagged, regretting asking.  “Marishka’s amazing and I love her so much.”

Of course he did.  For now.  Until she ran screaming from his intensity.  “So who pissed you off?”

“My cousin Vera.  She and a bunch of her friends are in Almaty for the summer, and there’s this boy that she’s gotten obsessed with and keeps drooling over.  She’s been told to stay away from him by her parents, my parents, and me, but she won’t listen to us.”

“How old is she?”

“Eighteen.”

“And you think she’s gonna listen when you tell her to stay away from a hot boy?"  Georgi just shrugged.  Yuri shook his head.  What was it with adults?  Was there some magic age that once they got past they forgot what teenagers were like?  If so, Yuri hoped he never reached it.  "What’s so wrong with the boy anyway?”

“Her parents object to him because they don’t want her dating anyone who’s not Russian.  My parents don’t like him because they think he’s a delinquent who’s going to get her in trouble.”

“Right, because girls never go for bad boys.”

“They’re basing it on his motorcycle and loud music and leather jacket, too.  It’s not like they’re basing it on anything he’s done.  Not that they know anything about what he’s done other than what she’s told them, and she’s not stupid enough to tell them if he’s gotten arrested or offered her drugs.  He wouldn’t, but they don’t know that.”

“And you do?”

“I know the guy.”

“So what’s your reason for demanding that your cousin stay away from him?”

Georgi shrugged.  “She’s just gonna get her heart broken if she gets stuck on him.  For one thing, he’s gay.  For another, he’s never gonna look at anyone the way he looks at the guy he’s in love with.”

“Why don’t you just tell her he has a boyfriend?  Or tell him to tell her he has a boyfriend?”

“Just because I know him doesn’t mean I have his phone number.  It’s not like we’re friends.  I’ve told her he’s gay and in love, but she thinks I’m lying because I hate the motorcycle.”

“Schyeah.”  Yuri rolled his eyes.  “You don’t hate motorcycles, do you?”

“Not the way she thinks I do.  I’d never get on one, I think they’re asking for maiming or death, but I don’t think riding one makes someone a bad person.”

“Does she not believe you know him?”

“If she doesn’t, she’s being willfully stupid.  I don’t know what her deal is with not believing me.”

“Probably just a teenage 'you’re telling her something she doesn’t want to hear' thing.”

“I hope so.  Doesn’t matter, he’s not gonna stop being gay and in love just because she doesn’t want to hear it.”

“Yeah, those are unlikely.  You sure he’s gay and not bi?”

“Ye… well.  I mean.  It’s still not going to change the in love part, but he’s been in love with the same guy as long as his friends can remember, so…”  Georgi shook his head.  “I’ve heard of girls trying and failing to get his interest, but then, I don’t know that boys would’ve had any better luck.”

“Why’s everyone keep hitting on him if he’s got a boyfriend?”

“He doesn’t have a boyfriend.”

Yuri facepalmed.  Now Georgi was just being difficult.  “You keep saying he’s in love…”

“He is.  Doesn’t mean the guy loves him back.”

“Does he?”

Georgi shrugged.  “I think so.  He’s not so sure.  What do you think?”

Yuri rolled his eyes at Georgi.  “I don’t even know the guy.  How should I know?”

Georgi started snickering.  “Never mind.”

“No, now you’ve got me curious.  What’s his name?  Maybe Beka knows him…”  Georgi started laughing harder, wiping tears from his eyes.  Yuri stared at him until it slammed into him why.  His eyes narrowed.  “Wait a minute.  Your cousin’s hitting on Beka?  He did