saying.  “Tricky, tricky… but no barrier to ME!”

Phichit stared at him.  JJ had no idea what was going on, not that he could have told Phichit if he did.  He saw the smoke tendril snaking out the window, but where it was going, who knew?  In the meantime, he turned his attention to Michele and Emil.  The tentacles lassoed Michele easily enough, but they passed right through Emil.  “What’s this?”

Emil shrugged.  “No idea, bro.  Maybe I’m not part of your little drama?”

“You are a part of it!  Everyone here, except this fellow I’m possessing and his lady here, is part of it!  It’s why I chose him!”

Now Bella got to her feet.  “Who are you?  Why are you doing this to JJ?”

“Who I am doesn’t matter.  I already explained why I took this host.  He loves you a great deal, and you know that.”  

JJ turned his attention back to the others, this time going for Leo and Guang Hong.  Guang Hong noticed and threw himself into Leo’s arms.  “Leo!  Protect me!”

Leo wrapped one arm around Guang Hong and held the other up protectively, although uselessly.  “I’ve got you.  I don’t know how, but I’m not going to let this thing hurt you.”

The smoke tentacles wrapped themselves around Leo and Guang Hong, pressing them together.  Mila squeaked and pointed to Viktor and Yuuri.  “What… what is this thing doing to them!?”

What this thing was doing to them, clearly, was stripping off their clothes.  JJ tried to look at Yuri and Otabek, or the others snared by the smoke, to see if it was happening to them, but he couldn’t.  Instead, he turned on Mila.  “Silly girl.  Don’t act so innocent.  You know what’s about to happen to you, don’t you?”

“No.  I don’t.”  Mila’s voice shook, just a bit, and JJ laughed at her as the smoke tendrils whipped out again.  This time, they lassoed Sara and Mila, pulling them together.

There was a bit of a shockwave, and Guang Hong and Leo fell to the ground, freed from their smoke bonds.  They didn’t seem to notice, too wrapped up in each other to really care, but everyone else turned to stare.  JJ smirked.  “How cute.  Good for them.”

A sudden gasp drew everyone’s attention to the window.  “Ah, good!  That took long enough.”  JJ shot out another round of tentacles, this time grabbing Phichit, Seung Gil, and Chris.  “Well, well, hotshot.  You’re even more interesting than I thought!”  The tentacles brought the three of them together, and then tied them to the new arrival.

“What the fuck is going on here?” Celestino asked.

Phichit shook his head.  “JJ’s possessed by some sort of smoke tentacle thing that’s throwing people together and yelling at us about repressed drama.  If the others are anything to go by, things are probably about to get very awkward.”

“You know what I don’t get?  I still don’t get why this thing can’t affect Emil,” Minami said.

Emil shrugged.  “It isn’t obvious?”

“No…” Minami said.  “Why?”

“Take a look around.  Viktor and Yuuri were fighting, and it sure sounded like they had some pent-up issues they need to talk about.  I wouldn’t exactly call… whatever it is we’re calling this, joint tentacle masturbation?  A good fix for that, but at least they’ve stopped fighting.  Leo and Guang Hong have been pining for each other for years.  Same with Yuri and Otabek.  Same with Mila and Sara.  No idea what’s going on with Phichit, but if I had to guess… we’ve got a theme going on.”

“So you…”

“I haven’t been sitting around pining, I have been trying to get through Michele’s thick stubborn head that I’m in love with him, not Sara.  I’m not at fault for the drama building up between us.”  Emil looked pointedly at Michele, who had stopped struggling against the smoke tentacles holding him up to stare at Emil in shock.  “Now what I don’t get, he said JJ was the only one here who wasn’t part of this.  What drama are you creating?”

“I don’t know!”

“Oh, you don’t?”  JJ cackled as he lashed out again, using the smoke tentacles to pin Minami to Georgi.

“Oooookay!  Did not see that one coming.”  Emil looked at Michele.  “So… got something you want to say to me?”

“Um…”

“If it’s someone else you need to say something to, that’s fine, don’t worry about me, just get yourself free of the tentacles