’t bother to rename Barce… wait, what?”

Otabek hastily grabbed the book and started reading again.


“Okay, what do you know about him?”



Muz thought for a bit.  “He’s human, he’s the Hero of Barcelona, he loves music and dance, he has an older brother and a younger sister, his parents were dancers and wanted him to be one but he didn’t feel like he could develop the skill, nothing that gives me any useful ideas.”



“Hmm… he likes music.  Does he play anything?  Or sing?”



“He can play the drum.  He used to play the violin, but his was destroyed in a house fire and he hasn’t gotten around to replacing it.”



“Why not, if he enjoyed it so much?”



“Other priorities for his money.  Like his gear, or tickets to watch me dance…”



“Do you think he’d take a violin?”



“I don’t know where we could get one, even if he would.  Do you?”



“I… can try to find one in Barcelona?  Mama’s taking me into the city to look for new costume ideas.”



“Okay.  I have until tonight to make the offer, so if you find one, find a way to let me know.  Because I really don’t have any other ideas.  Hopefully something will strike by tonight.”



“If I can’t get a violin and you can’t come up with something, what are you going to do?”



Muz cast his eyes down.  “You know the answer.  Whatever I have to.  I can’t suffer Aga’s fate.”


Otabek paused, staring at the book.  “Yura, tell me you have some other explanation for what Muz means?”

“I can’t decide whether Qizil finds the violin only for Az to reject it, or if they’re going for the happy ending and Az takes it.”

Otabek breathed a quick sigh of relief.  “You think she’ll find the violin?”

“Did I mention this is more like a kids’ book than a real one?  They’re not going to want to explain what ‘whatever I have to’ means!”

“Yeah.  Yeah, you’re probably right.”


Az came to pick Muz up promptly at midday, when Muz had told him he would be done with his practice.  “Is everything okay?  You look a little upset.”



Muz forced a big smile.  “Nothing for you to worry about.  Just some stuff with my dad.”



“He’s not mad that you’re spending so much time with me instead of practicing, is he?  I don’t want you to get in trouble…”



“No, nothing like that.  Like I said.  Nothing for you to worry about.  Forget about it, let’s go get some lunch.”



Lunch was delicious and for a few hours, Muz was able to forget his predicament.  As the sun went down, the fear crept back in.  No sign of Qizil yet, and he didn’t have a good backup plan.  Finally, as he lost hope of Qizil showing up and his wrist started to burn, Muz went with the desperation move.  “I feel bad that you won’t take a reward for saving me.  There has to be something you want that I can give you.”



“You agreed to be my friend.  That’s enough.”



“I’d have done that anyway, if you’d talked to me before a show or something.  Come on, just ask for something.”



Az shook his head.  “I have everything I could think of that I want.”


“Well, crap.  Damn you and your noble nature.  Muz is fucked.”

“Hopefully not literally.”

“Yeah.  That would be bad.”  Otabek blinked at the sarcasm in Yuri’s voice.  “I was wrong about the violin, so I’m probably wrong here, but I think Muz is gonna die.”

“Maybe Az will find a way to save him?”

“And start the cycle over again?”

“Well, if he knows that not taking a reward will cost his friend his life…"

“Yeah, okay, good point.”


Muz didn’t need to look at his wrist to know.  The third red line was there, and by dawn, he’d suffer the consequences.  He got to his feet.  “I have to go.”



“Will I see you tomorrow?”



“Yeah.  You will.”  Muz took off, flying as fast as he could so that Az wouldn’t see him cry.  He wasn’t sure why he’d gone the way he did, but by the time he realized where he was, he changed course.  He landed in front of a platinum-haired fairy whose golden wings were bound.


“Oh, hi, Viktor.  Wasn’t expecting you to show up, I thought Katsudon killed you.”  Yuri paused.  “Even in context of this story, that sounds so fucking wrong.”

“It does.”


“