the balls of his feet, silver fringe falling in front of his blue, blue eyes.

“I guess that’s a no, huh?” He laughs, leaning down before Yuuri can to collect the glove from the ground, inspecting it carefully and shaking his head. “No, no, those won’t do. I know they are cheap and they look good, but you’re going to burn your hand before you can say fairy wing. Believe me, been there, done that.”

Yuuri doesn’t even get to breath before there’s a hand tugging on his, bringing it to the Siren’s face for him to carefully look it over. Yuuri’s mouth runs so dry in the process he’s not sure if he can separate his tongue from the roof of his mouth anymore. They are so close he can see a silvery scar glinting through an equally silvery eyebrow and that’s a lot easier to concentrate on than the fact that their chests are almost touching. So Yuuri stares at that scar with the intensity of a lighting beam and discreetly tries to get his tongue to work again by swallowing a couple of times.

He’s dimly aware that the Siren – Viktor, he introduces himself somewhere and it’s really the only thing to stick with Yuuri – is rambling about a hiking adventure with a friend where they met an angry fire troll, accompanied by a very delicate and slender hand being shoved into Yuuri’s face to point out the parts he had burned because the gloves apparently really weren’t worth the money for their protection.

Yuuri doesn’t get the chance to do anything else but nod dazedly to something that must have been a question at the end of that rant because Viktor claps his hands together happily and takes a step back, out of Yuuri’s personal bubble. He can’t do more but take a single breath of relief before Viktor grips his hand again and starts to pull him through the store.

Yuuri has half a mind to tell him that he’s very capable of walking himself, thank you very much, but is momentarily too distracted by the tips of Viktor’s long silver hair dancing on the small of his back to get out more than a couple of stuttered syllables.

They end up at the opposite wall, an incredibly flustered Yuuri who tries to get his bearings back and a chatty Siren who’s pushing Yuuri towards a stand with full arm fireprotectors with included gloves. They bring back the memory of Yuuri’s last time in the store and his brief encounter with the entrance display with enough force that his mind is reeling.

The entire situation overwhelms him a bit.

Viktor overwhelms him.

“Stop.”

Viktor freezes where he had been in the process of undoing the many strings keeping the protector together and looks at Yuuri. Really looks at him, in the eyes this time.

Now Yuuri is overwhelmed for another reason, because those eyes really are so very blue. He begins to understand why during the Dark Years so many people had fallen prey to the Sirens. If Viktor were to tell him to jump off a cliff with these eyes looking at him, he’d most likely do it with a smile and a thank you.

Yuuri snaps himself out of his momentary daze and clears his throat, his cheeks heating up embarrassingly quickly.

“Could.. uh, could you slow down a bit?” Ah, that’s a stupid question, isn’t it? He’s sure Viktor has lots of customers all day and none of them are as easily overwhelmed as Yuuri just because he looks at them or talks a bit. Yeah, Yuuri should just go back to the Nooker Teeth and swallow a couple to rid this world of someone as easily overwhelmed as himself! And he wanted to become a Hunter, hah, there he would surely encounter a lot more menacing creatures than Sirens! None of them would be as pretty as Viktor though, or with eyes so blue-…

“Ah, I’m going too quick on you, am I not?” Viktor sets down the protector again and Yuuri notices with slight confusion the sheepish tone of his voice. And it might be a trick of the lighting, but is there colour climbing up the Siren’s cheeks?

“No. I mean, a bit. I mean, not that that’s your fault, I bet usually your customers are less distracted than me-… not that you are distracting, I just mean-… Not that you are not distracting, but in the good way! I swear!”

Maybe he should just give up on doing anything ever and just move to the icy wastelands in the North to become a hermit and avoid society for the rest of his life. Change his name, grow a beard, live from self-caught fish and roots.

The grin returns to Viktor’s lips, spreads like the beautifully dangerous thing it is to show the sharp fangs in the corners of his mouth.

“So you think I’m distracting?” Yuuri’s build that bed for himself, now he might as well lie in it.

“I mean