.  This time, they barely saw Chris that first day, as they were kept busy with magazine interviews, photoshoots, sponsor meetings, and the like all day.  Some of them were individual – Yuuri doing an interview while Viktor was at a sponsor photoshoot – but there were some together, too.

Viktor’s personal favorites were the ones where their engagement or wedding were specifically mentioned.  Free suits if they’d do a wedding-themed photoshoot in them, for instance.  Yuuri got so cute about those!

Chris dropped by their room after dinner.  “I’m exhausted and we haven’t even skated yet.”

“I know how you feel.”  Yuuri hadn’t moved from where he flopped on the bed after dinner with reporters where they arranged a time to meet for a joint interview.  “Just think about how much we’ll enjoy our vacation after Worlds.”

“Josef wants me to withdraw from Worlds.  Europeans and the Olympics are enough, I should take an early break.  I thought he was crazy, but after today… I may give it some serious thought!”

“Well, we’ll miss you if you decide not to come.”  Viktor got to his feet and found a beer for Chris.  “Want one, Yuuri?”

“Sure, why not.”  Viktor raised an eyebrow but handed him a beer.  “One thing I want to do this summer… get drunk and see what happens.”

“Oh?  And what are you expecting to happen, Yuuri?” Chris teased, winking at Viktor.  Viktor was very glad he hadn’t taken a sip yet.

Yuuri shrugged.  “My dad gets incredibly stupid when he drinks.  Makes a complete fool of himself.  The kind of guy who you could suggest should put his underpants on his head and run around town wearing nothing else, and he’d think it sounded like fun and do it.”

“Sounds like fun!  You should invite me.”  Chris’s smile turned wicked.  “I could teach you to pole dance!”

“Yeah, if I’m like my dad, you probably could.  I probably wouldn’t remember any of it, but it’s not like I could do it sober anyway…”

“You could, I’m sure of it.  You’ve got the dance ability.  Ballet for years, ballroom, hip-hop, breakdance…”  Yuuri turned bright red and started stammering out a denial.  “Yurio showed me video, don’t deny it, the two of you had a lot of fun that day!”

Yuuri sighed.  “Those are different.  Those aren’t… those aren’t sexy.”

“Latin is.  You’ve done that, haven’t you?” Chris said.

Yuuri shook his head, still blushing a little.  “Not yet.  I was going to this off-season if I could talk Viktor into coming with me.”

“Of course I’ll come with you!”  Viktor hugged Yuuri.  “I’d go with you if you decided you wanted to do pole dancing, too.  It looks like fun.”

“I… I don’t… I’ll think about it.”  Viktor decided to drop it there, but in his head, he let the squealing loose.

 

Viktor was quite grateful for the competition.  It was a break from publicity.  It was also the first time he'd seen Yakov since he'd arrived after making sure Mila got on her plane home with her shiny new silver medal.  “How’s Yuuri handling the pre-Olympics publicity?”

“He’s good.  It helps a lot that so many people either want to talk to both of us together from the beginning or love the idea when we suggest it if they want to talk to us both anyway, so I can be there with him for a lot of it.”  Viktor had been afraid that the combination of the engagement and the Olympics might end up being too much, but it helped.  It also meant one fewer round of extreme press attention.

“Good.  And you?”

“I’m fine.  It definitely helps having Yuuri there for so much of it, and Georgi for some!”  Viktor turned around for Georgi to zip him up.

“This is exhausting and I’m glad it’s only once every four years,” Georgi said before Yakov could ask.  “I’ll be good to skate, though.”

 

Viktor had drawn into the same group as Chris and Kamil, while Georgi would be in the final group, with Aaron and Kaleb, and Yulian was in the group before Viktor.  Yulian had the lead when Viktor’s group started warming up, which made Viktor happy.  The first two skaters placed below him, and then Chris took the lead with an 82.  Viktor congratulated him as they passed each other – that was a good score!

To get in character, Viktor thought back to watching Yuuri in Canada, and how he’d felt knowing the cause of it all.  It was all he needed.  The two big jumps were clean, his flying spin good.  Everything from there was easy for