god’s attention again, following him intently. As he surfaced, finding that the gaze hadn’t moved, he decided he wasn’t sure whether it was unnerving to be watched or not. The tanned man had set aside his dish finally, leaning on his palms. “Tell me what’s on your mind?”



“Are you sure you want me to do that?” He called back from where he was across the pond, dipping under the waves he had created and came back up, finding himself a bit farther out than intended.



The god had stood and moved to the edge, still just watching and looking as if he was debating jumping in, so he swam closer to bring them back within speaking distance. The man raised an eyebrow to question what he was doing, but extended a hand, waggling his fingers for him to continue coming closer. “If you don’t talk, this is going to be a long month.”



“Fine.” He silently reminded himself of the game he needed to win, and it started in these moments. “You said I could control you?”



The god shrugged once, but there was a smirk on his lips. “In a sense, my actions are still my own, but I’ll give you anything material that you want.”



He found the ledge of the pond, and pulled himself up. The god kneeled again to put them closer, perhaps a bit too close. They were a breath away from each other, but the lack of distance already seemed too familiar. “Is it like a token system? Do I have a set number of wishes?”



“Only a set number of days.”



Seung Gil pushed himself up out of the water then, and took the back of the man’s neck to pull him closer. There was a trapped breath between them before he gave his best conspiring smile. “Then we shouldn’t delay.”



“Do tell,” Jean prompted, steadying himself with a hand along the sand. The other crawled up Seung Gil’s neck, and he had to direct more than a reasonable amount of mental power into controlling the color of his scales. 



“I want to play a game,” he returned in what he hoped sounded controlled.



“You shouldn’t do that. Those can be dangerous,” Jean chided while letting his lips ghost along Seung Gil’s nose.



“Why’s that?”



“We’re just strangers, after all. Strangers with a bit of a strange contract,” the god noted, but the faint notes of humor in his voice didn’t fade, and the hand now holding the side of his face didn’t move. He was all but issuing the verbal invitation.



Seung Gil had never labelled himself as being faint of heart, but he was starting to wonder if he was with how his body was rebelling against logical control. He knew he should be afraid, angry maybe, but this type of overwhelmed was reserved for lovestruck maidens in books, and he didn’t have the time for it. 



He fixed a smile on his face, and got one in return. Life was an act, and this was no exception - unless his heart decided to beat out of his chest and he accidentally dug his own grave in the sand. He supposed he’d just be out of luck at that point. “Well, I want to play, and I’m telling you to come along with me.”



He hated how calm Jean was, as if this was a normal occurrence in his day to day. But then again, it could have been, and he’d be none the wiser.



“Very well. What’s the game?”



There was the opening he’d known eventually was coming. The game could be anything - a lap around the pool, catching dinner perhaps - but his mind fixed on the touch that connected them like a drug, vibrating with a tension that refused to dissipate. He wasn’t sure where it had come from, but it was suddenly all encompassing, obsessive and unrelenting.



It was wrong, something hummed in the back of his mind. Nothing could possibly find any good about trying to seduce a god, but in that moment there was the curl of the fingers on the scales of his cheeks, smoke seeking out amber, the waiting. It wanted him to challenge its existence, to find the boundaries, so he did, falling prey to his own personality.



“The first one to touch the other loses. Winner can name a condition.” The words came out rushed, in a single breath, but Seung Gil was just glad they came out in the proper order at all.



“I believe we’re already touching, and you already own my actions, don’t you? You can order me to do whatever you’d like,” Jean noted, still far too close with how the air was buzzing.



“I’d rather earn it.” He leaned into Jean’s hand briefly, hoping the expression came off as more than just desperation. “And it’s to do