t want it either.”

Over the next year, JJ started pulling away from everything.  He still skated, still worked to be the best skater he could, but he started shutting out Isabella, his siblings, his parents, his friends.  His schoolwork suffered.  In the summer, he dropped out of some of his charity work.  Isabella thought he was getting better with the Grand Prix qualifiers, where he won his first event, but getting third in his second event shut him down again.  He’d lost to Viktor – who hadn’t done that? – and Otabek.  First and third still put him easily in the finals, along with Viktor, Otabek, Yuuri, Yuri, and Emil.

Isabella tried to cheer him up.  He’d made the Finals.  He could redeem himself from the year before.  King JJ could be back.  JJ had been listless, then angry.  The reference to King JJ pushed him over some edge, and he told her to get out.  To go away.  It was over.  He didn’t want to see her around.  Isabella had been shocked, then she’d broken down in tears.  “After everything we’ve been through, you still don’t think that I love you?”

“I don’t care if you love me or not.  I can’t do this anymore.  We’re done, Isabella.  You can keep the ring.”  He’d quickly packed and left, leaving her sitting on the bed and staring at the door in shock.

Really, Mila’s call was perfectly timed.

 

In the year since she’d given Mickey the ultimatum about going their separate ways, Sara had found the adjustment somewhat difficult.  It was the right thing to do, she’d never flinched from that, and it showed in both of their skating.  Michele had once again only barely missed the Finals, and he was more than happy to go since Sara and Emil both were.

That had been the biggest surprise to come out of the separation.  Without her around to distract Michele from Emil, he’d actually noticed the way Emil was always making excuses to be around them.  He’d noticed that Emil’s excuses were now about hanging out with Michele a lot more often than they were about hanging out with Sara.  Praise the Lord, he’d noticed that Emil was in love with him.

Emil had been like a brother to Sara forever.  When Emil’s plane crashed on its way to Nagoya, Sara couldn’t help the fear and the grief.  Even when Michele got news that Emil was alive and would make a full recovery from his injuries and probably even be able to come back to competitive skating as soon as next season, Sara was still emotional.

Her first instinct, naturally, had been to cling to Michele.  Michele, for once, wanted her to go away.  He needed to be alone to deal with this.  She was wandering in a bit of a daze when she bumped into Mila and Isabella.  “Thank god, there you are!  You’re not answering your phone.”  Mila looked closer at her.  “Oh no!  Sara, what’s wrong?”

“You… didn’t hear about the crash?”  Mila and Isabella shook their heads.  “The men’s finals is going to be short one competitor.  Emil’s plane crashed.  He’s alive, but he’s not gonna skate again this season.”

“Okay.  I’m going to go get some alcohol.  Bella, take Sara to your room, order us some food.  Back as soon as I can be.”  Mila took off, and Isabella led Sara off.

Sara sat on the bed and looked around.  “What if JJ comes…”

“JJ’s not coming back.  I don’t think.  He broke up with me.”

Sara flinched.  No wonder Mila was heading for alcohol even before running into Sara.  “I’m so sorry.”

 

They weren’t quite sure what to do now.  They’d gone through over half of the alcohol Mila brought, well past the point of pleasantly drunk.  Isabella was a sobbing mess on the bed, Mila wanted to go fight Otabek, Yuri, JJ, and the pilot of Emil’s plane, and Sara was bouncing back and forth between trying to restrain Mila and console Isabella.

“Y’know what?”  Mila jumped to her feet again.  “Forget men.  Got all I need right here in this room.  You two wouldn’t let me think I was getting somewhere with you and then ditch me for some blonde!”

Isabella popped up.  “Yeah!  You two, you’re better than that, you wouldn’t push away the biggest support you had!  That’s a great idea, Mila!  You me and Sara, forgetting the men.”

Sara giggled.  “And you wouldn’t just ignore me for years and treat me like dirt!  Or try to control me!  Or fall in love with my brother!”

“I’m a genius!”  Mila flopped on