a spider web will it be trapped.


Viktor: wow! 

Yeah!

 

Viktor: Wow!

Yeah?

 

Viktor: WOw!

Yeah..?

 

Viktor: WOW!

Uh....y-yeah..?

 

Yuuri: until the next chapter ^^''

With your hands close my eyes

Can’t resist it anyway

Can’t even run away anymore

~ (BTS) Blood, Sweet, and Tears

THIS IS NOWYUURI POV 

YAAAAY

(Viktor last plan too so yeah don't worry the next chapter might have the Yandere Viktor hopefully xD )

I finally came home only to see that my parents and sister weren't home as I walked in I walked to my room.

when I opened the door I was surprised what I saw. I saw him Viktor on one knee hold a open velvet box with a beautiful ring inside.

I could breathe I stared in shock.

"V..Vik-"

I was cut off as Victor spoke 

"Yuuri I know that we have a relationship of coach and student but...We both know that you love me and I also fell in love with you. Katsuki Yuuri will you marry me"

 

I felt tears falling down my face as I felt happiness inside me

"yes...yes!!! I will marry you."

 

I saw Victor eyes glow with happiness as he put the ring on my finger he soon kissed me softly 

 

"Your parents gave me their blessing and so did Mari. I also got ready for us to move in Russia in a nice house...I hope you don't my if we can check it out."

 

I nodded

"I don't mind at all Victor"

 


~Morning~


morning came Victor told me that we should go to the airport now to visit our need home. My parents smiled happily and Mari petted my head.

"take care lil bro."

 

When we got inside the taxi Victor looked at his phone smiling when we reached the airport. Me and Victor went to plane holding each other's hands.

 

As we were in the plane and took our seats. I soon noticed Victor holding mine hand tightly it hurts how he hold it. Maybe he is worried about my happiness. I smiled softly to calm him.

 

 


Ha...maybe I should had noticed something different about him...


 



 

 

Strumming my pain with his fingers,(one time, one time)Singing my life with his words,(two time, two time)Killing me softly with his song

Yuuri POV

the flashback end the butterfly didn't escape the spider


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

The plane ride was long Victor always kept a eye on me everytime I went to go to the bathroom.

 

As we soon arrived to Russia Victor and I went to the car Viktor bought ready for us to drive towards our new home.

 

when we arrived the house was beautiful it was big and located in the woods it has a lake so me and Viktor could skate on it.

 

Victor smiled when he noticed me looking at the lake it was cold so he told me to get inside.

Somehow Victor has made the house decorative like if I was ready to move in with him.

 

 

 

We lived in peace for 9 months until something bad happened.


 


 

It was on a Saturday that it happened.

Me and Victor went to a banquet party for all the skaters in the world to join we both went our different ways.

 

Until later on someone starts to flirt with me Victor saw them and grabbed them by the collar his eyes turned into a deep sky blue making it look lifeless he threatens the man and downs him on the ground.

 

Soom he grabbed my hand dragging me to the car.

We drove home. When we arrived  I unbuckle my seatbelt but Victor open my door and grabs my arm.

Viktor closed the car door and kept dragging me to our house unlocking the door we pushed me in.

 

"V-victor please c-calm down.." 

I stared to tear up as he looked at me his eyes weren't the same

 


 I am scared..


 

"Yuuri~ How can I calm down!!! TELL ME!! I saw someone trying to take you away from me!!"

 

I couldn't respond back I was frighten by him soon he grabbed my hand kisses the ring he gave me.

 

"You are only mine and mine alone!!!! see this ring!!! YOU. ARE. ONLY. MINE! Got it!!!"

 

I nodded and whimper in fear Victor started to chuckled and touched my cheeks softly.

"maybe.. I should show you how much I love you yuuri~"

 

Licking his lips Victor grabs my left hand Walking up to the bedroom 

 

"W-what Viktor what do you mean!"

 


What did he meant I don't understand at all!!!


 

"oh yuuri~ I forgot that you are still innocent, pure, and untouched"

 

He tried to undress me but I pushed him away 

 


No you aren't the man I love bring him back You are scaring me.


 

Viktor growls im anger 

"don't you push me now YUURI!! You are mine You are MINE BRIDE!! YOU HAVE TO SATISFY ME!!!"

 


no I don't want to do it like this Victor 


 

"V-victor n-no please.."

 

His eyes changed back