," he says, "isn't this my dream?"

"I think you're kind of a masochist," Eros explains.

Viktor can't really argue with that.

In any case, he doesn't get the chance to, because Eros turns from him to put his arms around Piggy. He buries his face into his soft dark hair, whispering something in his ear. Piggy shudders hard and blushes harder, and he trembles now as he crawls closer to Viktor on the bed. Viktor tenses up further in anticipation, watching him warily but with building excitement. A dream. Anything can happen.

He's in front of him now, refusing to make eye contact and trembling. Eros comes stalking up behind him and tangles his fingers in his hair, gently pushing his head down into the bed. Right in Viktor's lap.

Viktor stares in shock at the Yuuri between his legs, his face close but not touching his thighs, and most definitely not touching his cock. He feels a panic start to rise within him as he watches Eros place his hands on Piggy's hips to lift them up high, his grip tightening to hold him steady. His eyes haven't left Viktor's once, and Viktor finds that he can't look away.

"He looks good enough to eat, doesn't he?" Eros asks softly, squeezing him playfully. He slaps Piggy's ass lightly, making him squeak. Viktor is trying very hard not to faint. 

Is this the kind of cliche bullshit my brain comes up with? he asks himself. How much more will I have to suffer?

As it turns out, Viktor's suffering has just barely begun.

It isn't until Piggy squeals and jerks that Viktor finally registers that Eros is inside him. Deep inside him. He seems to be enjoying the sound of the other Yuuri's whimpering, and when he withdraws and thrusts, the whimpering becomes soft and pleasured gasping.

Viktor's eyes finally move, trailing down to where Eros' cock is slowing pumping in and out between Piggy's cheeks. He feels himself start to drool, and he licks his lips quickly. He can't look away. 

In a flash, Eros is leaning forward, far forward, and Viktor looks back up into eyes that are far too close and far too bright. Eros presses his forehead against his, and his voice is just as sharp and demanding as his gaze.

"Don't ever take your eyes off me."

Viktor is utterly powerless.

Eros' eyes narrow with satisfaction at his obedience, and Viktor can nearly hear the 'good boy' playing about his curling lips. He starts to thrust faster, and Piggy's moans are so intoxicating that Viktor can't not look. But he doesn't, because Eros hasn't allowed him to yet. 

"Ask Piggy if I feel good, Viktor."

Viktor's voice cracks as he whispers. "Yu -- uh, Piggy? Does he feel good?"

"O-oh," Piggy says between trembling moans and sharp gasps, "yes, I-I feel so good!"

Oh, God. Viktor wants to touch him so badly. He wants to show him what 'good' really feels like. But Eros has him pinned in place, pressing his forehead harder. His eyes are half-lidded and clouded with lust, and his breath comes in ragged pants again Viktor's lips as he jerks his hips faster. Viktor struggles again, grunting in frustration. Piggy's head is bobbing just inches from his cock, and if Viktor can wiggle just a bit closer --

Eros seems to read his thoughts, because he grabs a fistful of the other Yuuri's hair now, jerking him up. He doesn't stop fucking him.

"Piggy," he whispers sweetly in his ear, "reach forward and grab the bars. But make sure you don't touch him, okay?"

Piggy lets out a shuddering breath as he slowly obeys, leaning closer to grab the headboard behind Viktor. Their faces are so close that Viktor can nearly taste the beads of sweat rolling down his cheeks. His eyes are as hazy with sex as Eros' are, but they're shy, very shy, and very cute.

"U-um, I -- ah!" Piggy's eyes widen in shock, then nearly roll back as Eros suddenly picks up his pace. Viktor can see tears start to well up, and his mouth hangs slack, drool dribbling down his chin. Viktor moans when he feels it drip down onto his cock. This is absolute torture. God, fuck, touch me.

Eros smirks at him over Piggy's shoulder. He brings a hand around to pinch and pull at the other Yuuri's nipple as he dips his head into the crook of his neck, kissing and sucking at the soft skin. His lips trail to his ear, nibbling gently as he fucks him harder. Piggy's moans are nearly sobs now, his entire body quivering as he fights to keep a grip on the headboard.