Room 400. My face was red with embarrassment as Otabek patted my bag as a signal to go to the elevator. "Sorry..." I mumbled again, pulling my suitcase along to the elevator. I trailed behind my friend, letting him press the button for the fourth floor. I stepped in, completely silent. I knew it would strike him as odd, but...

 

"Are you feeling alright, Yura?" His gaze directly met mine, expressing concern. Yura~ Right, he was one of the only people allowed to call me that. I probably took too long to respond because he spoke up again. "Yura, is something bothering you?" I felt a slight pressure on my cheek, cool to my skin; the skin which was a fiery inferno at this point. It felt rather nice... Absent-mindedly, I reached my hand up to the source of the cooling pressure, resting it atop whatever was there.


It's not like an ice pack... It's soft and comforting. I just want to--


My eyes had closed without me noticing, only to open at the elevator's resonating 'ding' sound. We had arrived on the fourth floor. Coming back to my senses, I had realized that I was holding Otabek's hand to my face, rather insistently at that. "I'm... sorry." I immediately moved my hand away from his.


Fuck! I must've looked so stupid!


"Yura, I think you have a fever. Come on, you need to rest." Otabek grabbed my unoccupied hand gently and led me to our room, which was at the very beginning of the hall. He swiped the card to open the door, tugging me inside. Shutting the door soon after, he released my hand. "Please, go lay down. I'll get you some water and medication."

Eww, medicine... I knew I probably needed it though. I had a migraine as well. Plus, Otabek looked really concerned. So what did I do? I walked my ass over to the closest bed and face-planted onto it. I made sure my face was buried deep enough that the pillows could muffle my screams of embarrassment. When I looked up again, I saw more concern written all over his face. Slowly, without a word, I sat up. I reached out, gingerly taking the water bottle and medication from him. One... two.. The medicine was gone, hopefully starting to work in my system.

Otabek patted my head before turning to walk... somewhere. On impulse, I grabbed his hand and held him in place. "Where are you going?" My emotions betrayed me, making my words come from my mouth in a childishly scared mess. He turned to face me, blinking a few times.

"I was just going to put my stuff away." Instead of trying to break away and do what he intended to, he carefully took a seat beside me. "Yura, seriously. Are you alright?" His gaze was soft and filled with worry. That expression broke something inside me. I laid back on the mattress, but failed to let go of his hand. Deciding to steer clear of that question, I opted to give him some information he deserved to know.

"Well, uh... I just wanted you to know that... I toss and turn quite a bit in my sleep. I mumble and..." I trailed off and, in turn, got an expectant look from my friend. He wanted me to continue. "...I wake up suddenly because I've been having nightmares recently. I get all worked up and panic and I--" Silenced by his index finger, my friend's gaze softened further.

"Don't worry... You can wake me up if you get frightened or can't return to your sleep state. I don't mind." He moved his finger away from my lips, brushing some hair away from my face. "You should rest." His words were so kind, I was stunned to silence. But... Rest? It was only 6:30 in the evening.

"But Beka..." I began slowly, but couldn't finish. I felt his fingers running through my hair comfortingly, lulling me to sleep. Dammit, Beka... Why are you so good at this? And soon enough, everything went dark. I was asleep.

 


[
Глава Конец
]




[Chapter End]



((A/N: Sorry for such a long delay! But I finally got to update and I hope y'all liked it! Next chapter, you'll get to have a deeper understanding of what Yuri's nightmares are like~!))

"Koshmary" means "Nightmares" in Russian.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


 [Yuri Plisetsky's P.O.V.] 


 

   It was dark. I walked down a barely lit corridor for what seemed like hours, until a blindingly bright exit came into view. I stepped out to see a full house of people sitting in the viewing seats around the rink; the rink in Barcelona. But