from Yuuri. He nearly had tripped in his rush to get up. Yuuri still found a few minutes later that he was now sitting alone in an empty lecture hall, mulling over what had happened.

As he gathered his effects to leave he was still thinking about it. He had never held a conversation with Viktor Nikiforov before, but everybody knew about him, massively rich, extremely confident, and much too flirty. But that seemed way out of character for him though. Yuuri touched a hand to his throat as if he could feel his own voice and get a bitter idea as to why Viktor seemed to like it. Viktor had seemed unsure of himself there and…

Oh

Yuuri realised,

His eyes were very pretty

Yuuri shook his head, Viktor liked to be with people, he was probably just messing around

And his hair was so fucking silvery and shiny

Stop it.

Maybe he could go see Phichit in the coffee shop on campus. He was working now; wasn’t he?

                                                                               ****

“Chriiiisssss.” Viktor whined, slumped down, his hand supporting his face over a cup of coffee, “He probably thinks I’m really strange now!”

Simply, he sounded like a petulant child

Chris sipped his latte and smiled with his eyes over the cup. “Well, I mean, you did compliment his voice of all things before standing up nearly tripping over your own feet and then running out the door like you were set on fire, I looked back, the poor boy seemed to be in shock.” Chris explained his voice lilting up at the end closing off the recount of the sequence of quite possibly disastrous events. Chris smacked his lips together and wiggled his eyebrows while Viktor just sighed, pouted and slid a little lower in his seat.

He then hit his elbow of the table straightening up as the bell tinkled sweetly and dark messy hair and cold tinged cheeks stepped into the shop, entirely relieved with the warmness.

“Ow, Viktor! Stop hitting me! I see h- I see him!”

                                                                                      ****

Yuuri stepped into the shop relaxing in the warm bustling nature of it. The wind was much too nippy outside now that it was well into Autumn, he’d have to buy new gloves.

He bounced on the balls of his feet for a second before seeing Phichit was indeed working today and strode towards the front counter.

“And what can I get for my favourite college student?”

Favourite was stressed much too dramatically.

                                                                                       ****“Viktor, you’re staring much too obviously.”

“Look at his ass.”

                                                                                    ****Yuuri stood with his back to the counter, hands set on the overhang for support, and surveyed the café. It was really, very busy and as he did a quick sweep across his perimeter he caught the silver hair in his view and saw those pretty blue eyes staring straight at him. The gaze was intense, but it in no way felt malicious. He waved fairly awkwardly over to Viktor and what must have been a friend of his and smiled small.****“Viktor you’re meant to wave back?” Chris waved a hand in his friend’s face to see if he could be snapped out of his reverie.

Viktor gave an exclamation of surprise and waved back, perhaps a little too vigorously with a huge smile on his face. He knocked his coffee with his elbow all across to Chris’s side of the table.

****Yuuri snorted as he watched the spectacle, he had to hide his face in his hands as he laughed. When Phichit skipped back to him with his Americano he was still laughing.

“What’s so funny?” Phichit queried looking around. Viktor and Chris caught his eye. Chris was now up out of his chair trying to avoid the dripping coffee. Phichit chuckled and shoved Yuuri some napkins to go help them. He raised his eyebrow when Yuuri hesitated to so Yuuri resolved to tell him the happenings of his Biology lecture

****“Chris,” Viktor whined, completely unawares to his friend trying to dab hot coffee of his jeans. “Why was he laughing? Why’s he talking in hushed tones to the barista?”

“You spilt coffee on me!”

****Phichit’s smile was wide when Yuuri finished telling the short occurrence, Yuuri would have thought that would have been a good enough excuse to stop the barista from making him go over but he just pressed the napkins into Yuuri’s hands more incessantly and shooed him away with the excuse of other customer’s to attend to, Yuuri swallowed and weaved between tables to reach Viktor and Chris’

****“He’s coming over here.”

“You spilt coffee on me.”

“I what?” Viktor finally turned his head away from Yuuri and toward Chris.“Oh my God I’m so sorry!”Viktor jumped out of his seat ready to get some tissues when he nearly ran into Yuuri.

“Hello!” He beamed, forgetting about Chris again and his past embarassment.

“Hi.” Yuuri replied tentatively. He didn't seem sure of what to say. Viktor’s smile dropped somewhat as he was the slight discomfort in those beautiful eyes of his. Yuuri thrust over the napkins to Viktor and started to walk away before