kind of work but he liked it still. Talking to all these people or at least listening to them as they talked to him about their day made him feel somewhat needed. When they cried and needed consolation he was there with a napkin and a shy smile, always trying his best.

This bartender, though, as much as he talked to people, tried to be as outgoing as he could without having a panic attack, never had someone to return to when going home. Every night after his shift was over he would return to his own small apartment, open the door to an empty home and think of his past self, how he loved figure skating and that he missed his parents and friends. Yet he felt like he could not return home, not yet, not when he had disappointed them with his choice to stop skating after losing in a grand way, not when he felt like he would betray Yuuko when he just plain stopped visiting Hasetsu no Castle after making his decision. These were the thoughts that drove him to bed, hugged him into sleep and threw him into the dark abyss of another dreamless night. Because what could he dream of at this point anyways?

xoxoxooxoxoxox

Losing your inspiration is like losing yourself. That's at least how a brilliant figure skater in Russia saw it. His pale hair kept neatly and his blue eyes sharp, always searching for what was missing. What it was that he needed to get his inspiration back. His every routine was dissatisfying, he couldn't skate to them with all of his heart while feeling the purpose behind every step. How he ended up like this was a mystery to him, how that one thing that gave him everything ended up disappearing so easily. His childhood seemed like it meant nothing at all as he lost himself. Lost his inspiration.

Another day after returning from his rather fruitless affords to improve his routine, he was greeted at the door by his dog. He sat down on his couch, hands buried deep in his hair. He thought of ways to help himself, how he could gain back what he lost. Maybe even find something new along the way. Then something brilliant came to his mind, a vacation could do wonders. Some weeks to get his head back on track while still being able to work on his routine from time to time. With this he fished for his laptop and started browsing through the internet, searching for a place he occasionally visited, where the culture spoke to him and sometimes even had been his inspiration. He petted his dog as he began to think of what his visit this year would look like. With a satisfied smile he laid down on the couch. After pulling his dog on his lap he closed his eyes and welcomed his sleep too eagerly. Just too caught up in his dream of finding what he so achingly wanted.

xoxoxooxoxoxox

"Yuuri! There you are! Here to rescue me from my shift." His coworker, a rather small woman, threw herself in his arms. "I am so grateful that you take my shift today. I really am." With big green eyes she looked up to him. "I can't believe such a nice person as you even exists. Nobody else would have changed shifts with me out of the blue." She held him in a strong embrace. "Thanks to you I can have some free time with my husband for my wedding anniversary."

Yuuri though, was stiff as he tried to respond to her, he placed a hand behind her back and tried to think of a place to be instead of in her arms. It felt awkward. He had never wanted her to thank him for this, he barely had anything else to do and his work helped him keep his thoughts everywhere but in the past.

"I- uhm... no problem. I had nothing else to do..." He trailed off to the end of his sentence.

She let go of him and after taking some steps back she once again smiled sweetly. "I am really grateful."

"You really don't have to be." He laughed nervously and scratched the side of his cheek, then pushed his glasses up.

"I still am." She gave him a last smiling look, a hug and then turned to leave the establishment. "I'll get going now. I hope my regulars won't cause you any troubles." With a laugh she disappeared into the small alleyway.

Yuuri sighed and leaned back against the counter. It was always hard to deal with her. She could be so clingy sometimes. It made him uneasy. Being touched. Yet he didn't want to push her away, didn't want to repeat what he had done to his friend some years ago, he didn't want this friendship to end the same awkward way. His coworker, after all, was a good person. The nicest anyone had been to him after he stopped skating and decided to live in this area. He breathed in deep and then out. He pushed his glasses up again and looked around in the bar. The light was lit dimly yet bright enough for people to see everything