. The sky and bright stars were up there, somewhere, and while he couldn't see the horizon, he knew the famous tower was there too, shining with bright lights. And Guang Hong was beside him, eagerly pointing out old buildings and charming little shopfronts. "Leo, look at this! Here, let's take a picture." Again, again, again.

And at every moment, every spare moment, Guang Hong's hand slipped into his.

Maybe that was it. The warmth of his hand. The contact. That was the source of all that rush and energy. It was what made everything feel just right.

He didn't have to point it out. From the look of things, Guang Hong felt it too - that urge to stay close, and not let go. At least, Leo hoped so. Why else would he stick so close?

It wasn't like either of them were strangers to this feeling. Last year had been... well. They'd talked it over at the Cup of China. About taking it easy. About how hard long-distance relationships could be, even if you really cared, even if you did everything you could to make it work. But even after all that, they slipped into something special that fit them like a hand in a glove, and they hadn't let go of it since.

They'd stuck together through Four Continents, through Worlds, through the off season. They made it work, even if they were still careful about it. And now it was another year. Another Grand Prix. And Guang Hong was beside him again.

Leo took Guang Hong's hand and squeezed it.

Everything would work out.

Evening. Later. Tired.

It had been a long day. A good one, but long.

They came to Leo's hotel room. Flopped onto the bed together. Didn't bother to turn on any lights aside from the bedside lamp. The curtains were open, spilling city brightness into the room.

Leo put on his music and turned the volume down low. He offered an earbud to Guang Hong, who took it and slipped it into his ear. They listened together for a while. Guang Hong curled up close, and Leo let himself sink into the music. 

If Guang Hong caught on to the reason behind those songs, all those gentle acoustic chords and romantic piano melodies, he didn't say anything about it.

"How do you think we'll do?" Guang Hong asked, staring up at the ceiling. "Um, in the Trophée, I mean."

"Oh, you know. I guess it's a pretty done deal. I'll get gold, and you'll win silver."

"Really?" One second passed as Guang Hong paused, thought about it. And then - "...Hey!"

Leo bit his lip to stop from laughing. "Yeah?"

"You have it backwards." Guang Hong rolled closer to him, nestling up against his side. He prodded him, emphasizing his point. "If one of us will get gold, it's going to be me."

"I'd like to see that," Leo said, and meant it.

"Would you?"

"Yeah.... But not when we're competing against each other."

A laugh. That sound was perfect. Not filtered through electronics, the shaky video stream, the sound crackling through headphones pressed over his ears. Leo slid his fingertips along Guang Hong's back, swept his fingers up to sink them into his hair, savouring how soft it was. How close Guang Hong was. How good it felt to touch him, to hold him close.

"But really, Leo, I think you have a pretty good chance..."

"So do you."

"Do you think so?"

"Yes. I saw those videos you posted. You looked great. You're more confident now than you were last year."

"I've been working hard on it, especially the jumps..."

"It isn't only about the jumps. The rest looks good, too." Leo closed his eyes and tried to think of how to put it. Guang Hong was like music on the ice, the light delicate sweep of piano notes, a gently-played and thoughtful violin.

He couldn't put it like that. Could he? It sounded so cheesy in his head. No, he couldn't say it exactly like that. Not quite. But he could try something else. Maybe. "Your free program this year - it reminds me of a song. Hold on a second." Leo took up his phone and searched for the right song, the one that sounded like dappled sunlight. "You look the way this music sounds."

They listened for a moment in silence.

Leo closed his eyes and let the gentle piano wash over him and tried not to wonder too much what Guang Hong thought of it. His chest felt tight.

Fingertips brushed over his cheek. Light, dancing, then trailing to cup his face. Then lips