honest mistake – JJ had caught him smiling at Phichit and jumped to conclusions, for instance.

“I mean that I am not going to take part in your little bullying scheme to humiliate Seung Gil.  Or me.  Whichever of us it is you’re trying to target here.  I like Seung Gil.  He keeps to himself and I know that bothers a lot of people, but he’s a good guy.  Just focused and introverted.  Exactly the kind of kid who gets targeted by this crap.”

Once again, JJ asked Seung Gil's question for him.  “What crap?”

“Popular shit-stirrers telling a cool kid that the weirdo has feelings for them so that the cool kid causes a scene, or telling the weirdo that a cool kid has feelings for them so they get humiliated when they ask the cool kid out.  I’m not sure which of those it is you’re trying to do, but it is not working because I am not letting it.”

“So you do think he’s a weirdo.”

“JJ?  I thought I told you to shut your mouth.  There is absolutely nothing about Seung Gil that makes him a legitimate target for bullying.”

“But you called him a weirdo?”

“One more word about Seung Gil and I am going to hit you.  I would have already if it weren’t for the fact that they’d probably kick me out of the competition.”

JJ held up his hands.  “All right, fine, I’ll back off, but you might want to know that he’s standing right behind you.  Not sure how much of this he heard…”  Phichit spun around to look, his dark skin getting just a little darker with a flush.

“Enough.”  Seung Gil came into the room.  May as well.  “I am a weirdo, so it doesn’t bother me when people call me that.  Phichit didn’t.  He said that to idiots like you, I’m a weirdo.”

“Whatever.  You two have fun.  I’m out of here.”  JJ walked out, still smirking.

Phichit turned to Seung Gil.  “I am sorry about the weirdo thing.  I really didn’t mean it the way it sounded.”

“I know.  You were defending me.  I appreciate that.”

“JJ’s an ass.”

“I don’t think he was actually trying to be, this time.  He talks a lot of trash about everyone, but he’s never set anyone up to be humiliated.  He always says what he has to say to someone’s face if he can.”

“What about that thing with Yuri Plisetsky that nearly had Otabek take a swing at him?”

“If he can.  Besides, I don’t think that had much to do with Plisetsky at all.  He was just pushing because he finally found a way to crack Otabek.”

“I think this leaves you as the only skater he hasn’t pissed off.”

“No.  He’s pissed me off.  I just don’t give him the satisfaction of letting him see it.  He’s not a bad guy.  Just incredibly cocky and annoying.”

“I guess.  But that means he really does think you like me…”

“I don’t know.  Maybe.  Especially now that I overheard you stick up for me like that.  Would you really have hit him?”

“Yes.”

“Good.”

Seung Gil started to leave.  After all, they had a competition to get ready for.  Phichit called out for him to wait.  “After we’re done here… do you want to go get coffee or something?  See if we can figure out what JJ was talking about?”

“Sure.  I’d like that.”

This fic has moved to be with all its friends in the 'verse!

Prompt: Future

Phichit moves to the Europa colony.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Europa was beautiful.  It was quiet.  Seung Gil had built his own ice rink, which he had all to himself.  The colony was underneath, an easy swim away from the rink Seung Gil had carved into the ice that covered Europa’s ocean.  He could go there any time he wanted, and skate to his heart’s content.  It’s one reason he was considered one of the system’s best skaters.

Phichit was new to the colony.  He’d been a skater, but when he was shipped to Europa, he thought he’d never find a place to skate.  Ironic considering all the ice, but no one skated recreationally, much more focused on the water than the ice.  The day he saw Seung Gil carrying his skates was one of the best of his life.

He followed the other skater, the only other one he’d seen, and gasped in awe when he saw the glittering rink.  Seung Gil turned and startled when he saw Phichit, but waved him inside.  Once through the airlock, where they could take off their breathing helmets, Seung Gil asked, “Who are you, and why