have to bring him a medal.  He won’t care, but it will make me feel less guilty.”

 

The three of them stayed with Yuuri, doing their best to distract him, until Mari called again three hours later.  Yuuri listened without a word, thanked Mari, and then burst into tears again, this time leaning on Viktor’s shoulder.  Viktor was still very awkward, but this time he wasn’t quite as helpless.  He brought his arm up around Yuuri and held him tight.

Phichit was bracing himself for the worst, but Yuuri was smiling when he looked up.  “Vicchan’s going to make it.  It was very close, but they managed to save him.  I’m still going home – Mari said that when she told him I was coming it seemed to perk him up a bit – but he’ll be there when I go.”

“I wish I could go with you,” Viktor said.  “Yakov would never allow it, not with Nationals coming up so soon, but at least you’ll get to see Vicchan.”

“It’s okay.  I’ll tell him all about you and Makkachin and how you’re coming out in April.”


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Thanks to Viktor and Phichit’s support, Yuuri wasn’t as bad as he could have been when he took the ice.  JJ, Bin, and Michele had all done reasonably well, but if Yuuri could just land the salchow, he had a good shot at keeping his medal.  As he started the leadup, he reminded himself that Viktor had told him how to do it.  If Viktor said he could do it, then he probably knew what he was talking about.  He landed it for Vicchan.

Celestino gave him a giant hug when he came off the ice.  “Yuuri, that was great!  Viktor’s advice helped, didn’t it?”

“Yeah.  It did.”  Yuuri smiled and waited for the score.  It popped up to put him in first - he was getting a medal.

As they walked out of the Kiss and Cry, Celestino had something he wanted to talk to Yuuri about.  “If I make a suggestion, will you promise to listen to it seriously and not immediately dismiss it as impossible?”

When had he ever not listened to Celestino's suggestions?  Aside from when Celestino was obviously messing with him, like suggesting that he should try to talk to Viktor at Worlds last year.  He'd managed to stay out of Viktor's way, then.  “Sure.  Whatever you say.”

“I think you should ask Viktor to choreograph your programs for next season.  It’s a little unusual, but somehow, I think Viktor would love the chance to surprise everyone.”

“What?  Why would Viktor do that?”  Viktor may, for some reason, like hanging out with him, and watching him skate, but help him?

“Because Viktor likes you.  And you, who’s more likely to give you a program that can beat Viktor than Viktor?  I talked to Yakov, and Yakov’s agreed that if Viktor wants to do it, he can.”

“Me?  Beat Viktor?  You think I can do that?”  He'd always dreamed of it, just like every other skater of his generation.  He believed he could do it - if he could just stop his tendency to melt down under pressure.  He'd never admitted to it, though.

“I do think so.  You're good enough, if you can land your jumps.”

“Why would Viktor want to help me beat him?”

“Like I said, Viktor likes you.  I think he’d love to see you skating up to your potential, and if he can figure out how to unlock that I think he’d enjoy the challenge.”

“Why would Yakov agree to let him help me beat him?”

Celestino stopped walking, causing Yuuri to stop and turn to look at him.  “He’s worried about Viktor.  How long has it been since he’s lost anything?  How long has he held the world records and watched no one even come close?  Everyone expects him to be brilliant, everyone expects him to win, and Yakov’s not sure he has it in him to reinvent himself again next season just to go through the same old thing.  Give him a challenge – give him a project – and maybe that will snap him out of things.  Apparently Viktor’s said a couple things about the only thing keeping him on the ice is not having any idea what to do with himself if he leaves it.”

Yuuri covered his mouth.  “Viktor can’t leave the ice!”

“So you’ll ask him?”

Yuuri nodded.  The idea of Viktor leaving the ice was more than enough to push through any embarrassment at making such a ridiculous request.  Chris and Viktor held their places, and the three of them stood together on the podium.  Then there were pictures, and the press conference.  There were some odd moments – Viktor interrupted a reporter to tell him