moved.  He’d talk to Chris, but there wasn’t much to talk about sometimes.  Viktor didn’t want to talk about skating or partying or their friends, and other than that… Viktor didn’t have much at all.  Makkachin was about it.  Even the joy of talking about Makkachin seemed dim, strained somehow.  “She’s getting old, Chris.  I don’t know how much longer I have with her, and when she goes… I know you’re going to tell me to get another dog, and I will, but it won’t be my Makkachin.”

“Dogs are heartbreakers.  Cats, too.  At least they’re worth it.”

“Maybe when Makkachin goes… would anyone really miss me, if I went with her?  Me, I mean, not Viktor Fucking Nikiforov the Living Legend of Figure Skating Ice God.  Yakov might.  Yuri would be mad at me for not choreographing his senior debut.  But would anyone miss me?”

“I would.”

“You’d miss having a partner in crime.  That’s not the same.  You’d be just as sad if I retired and moved to Siberia or South America or Japan or something.”

“What… Viktor, I care about you.  You’re my friend, not just my partner in crime.  I thought you knew that.”

“I do.  I should.  I know you want me to believe that.  I wish I could, because you don’t deserve the doubts.  It’s just so hard… and while it’s great, it’s not… it’s not what I want.  I want… I don’t even know what I want.  I want a challenge on the ice.  I know it’s mean to say that to you, but it’s true.  No one’s come close to beating me in, what, four years now?”

Chris flinched.  It was true, but that on top of not being enough for Viktor… that hurt.  Viktor didn’t mean it that way, but that’s how it came out, and it hurt like hell.  “So if someone could challenge you, you’d be happy?”

“Happier, anyway.  It’s a lot healthier than thinking that what I need is a lover.  A real one, not someone in love with Glitter Me.  A challenge, at least… that isn’t putting some kind of unfair burden on someone.  They get something worthwhile out of it.”

“You don’t think you’re worthwhile as a partner?”

“Oh, I am – if I’m Glitter Me.  And even then, when I retire and Glitter Me is dead… why would the lover stay?  What am I underneath?”

“You’re Viktor.  You’re…”  Chris trailed off as he tried to think of something about the real Viktor Nikiforov that he could bring up.  He couldn’t.  When was the last time he’d seen the real Viktor do anything but withdraw and mope?  “I know there’s an amazing guy in there.  You’ve gotten too good at being the Living Legend.  You do need someone to draw Viktor the Guy back out of hiding.”

“Are you volunteering?  It wouldn’t work, you know.”

“I know.  I’m not volunteering.  It wouldn’t work and it would destroy our friendship in the process, and you need me.  I’m just thinking.  Wishing I knew how to help you through this so I never have to hear you talking about going out again.”

“Oh… don’t take me seriously when I say things like that.  I don’t mean them.  Yakov would kill me if I killed myself.”

“Viktor… I don’t know… maybe… you should talk to someone?  Get help?”

“I don’t know.  Maybe after the season.  I’ve got to go win this Grand Prix tomorrow, and then Nationals, and then Europeans, I’ll be too busy… maybe after Worlds, I’ll try to find… I don’t know.  If you don’t see me on the ice next season, don’t be surprised.  Normally by now I’ve already started working on ideas, and I’ve got nothing.”

“Viktor!”

“Not… I’m not saying I’ll kill myself!  Take a year off.  Spend more time with Makkachin.  It would surprise everyone, wouldn’t you say?”

“Yes, I’d say, but…”

“You’d better be on the podium with me, you know.  Who do you think for bronze?  I’d thought it would be Bin, but that Katsuki guy that’s currently in third… how had I never heard of him until he made it here?  That step sequence… his flying camel spin…”

“His quad Salchow.  Yuuri screws up his jumps.  If he could get consistent…”  If Yuuri could get his jumps consistent,