gonna end?"

 

7:23 A.M

I took a drink of coffee waiting for Viktor to walk in. Making up excuses about where he been. Then we'll hug and I'll smell cheap perfume on his shirt and notice how his hair is messy then normal.

I'll say I'm fine, we'll kiss and I'll taste someone else on his mouth and I'll ignore the aching in my chest and offer to make some breakfast. 

He'll decline the offer and say how he ate at a fast food place. It's a lie of course. It's all a lie. Everything that comes out of his mouth is a lie.

I wish we had a normal relationship, but Viktor is Viktor. And I can't live without him. 

He on the hand, can live without me. It's obvious.

We'll then exchange 'I love you's' one's he doesn't mean. Those three words sound so fake. I wonder if they always been fake?

I stared at the bruise on my arm. It's healing, oh so slowly. That's the last time I tell Viktor he's cheating. 

The front door opened and Viktor walked in and smiled, "Yuuri!" 

I forced a smiled and greeted back, "Where were you?" 

One day out of a time.

 



"Your too proud to say that you've made a mistake. You're a coward to the end."

 

8:34 P.M

 

"C'mon, Yuuri! We haven't done it in awhile! Don't you want a healthy relationship?" Viktor hummed wrapping an arm around me.

"I don't think having sex has anything to do with healthy." I replied rolling my eyes. Not to mention sleeping around isn't set for a stable relationship.

 "Aww, please." Viktor batted his eyes.

"No, we have practice tomorrow plus I'm not in the mood." I said rolling my eyes.

"Fine, I'm going out tonight. I'll see you tomorrow." Viktor said releasing me.

Tears burnt my eyes as Viktor walked away. He's going to sleep with more whores isn't he? Another whore to bang. 

Viktor is a different man then what I imagined. That's probably what I get for wishing for too much. Having too much. Loving too much. I probably deserve this, I had Viktor's love for too long.

I flinched as the front door slammed shut. Another whore he's going to bang.

 

That night as I laid in the cold empty sheets I let my tears flow freely. I never felt so alone before.

Then I wonder, did he ever love me?



"I don't want to admit that we're not gonna fit. No I'm not the type you like, Why don't you just pretend?"

 

10:30 A.M

 

"Hey, Phichit." I answered as the call went through.

"Yuuri! What are you up too? How have things been going?" Phichit immediately asked with enthusiasm.

"Haha, I'm just waiting for Viktor to be done with practice." I replied. He didn't even come home. He went straight to the rink. I wonder where he goes, when did I stop being good enough?

"Ooo! Getting all chummy with the hubby?" He teased.

"I guess." I sighed.

"Oh, Yuuri what's wrong?" Phichit asked.

"We had a fight yesterday." I told him.


"About?" 


"I'm not giving you anything for your gossip page!" I teased, "But, it wasn't a big fight. I'm just not sure how to apologize." I spoke to the younger thai man.

"Well, flowers? Or a massage? Idk, take him out on a date. He'll forgive you in no time! He really loves you." Phichit assured.

"Yeah, I know." My heart tighten in my chest as I thought about everything that has happened. "Well Viktor's getting ready to stop practice. I'll call you later." 


"Okay, bye!"


 

3:12 P.M

 

"Yuuri I'm going out again." Viktor called, buttoned his coat.

"Okay." I said watching him leave. Another night, another whore.

"Love you."

"I love you too." 

Viktor closed the door and I went back to the kitchen. "I love you too." I whispered quietly as if I was trying to convince myself. 

I love you, Viktor.



"Lies, don't wanna know, don't wanna know oh. I can't let you go can't let you go oh."

 

2:45 P.M

 

I watched as Mila and Sara giggled over something they were whispering about. A happy healthy relationship.....Something I don't have. 

I sighed and stared at the window. 

I