lost count of how many times he cursed himself for being so pathetic. Even after he was given a second chance to live, nothing seemed to change. He didn’t change at all.

“Katsu-nii? Are you okay?”

Yuuri snapped out of the illusory fragments of his own childhood. Instead of being in fearless arms he found himself in a square world, facing a couple of opened books on a round table, disoriented for a moment. With slightly bated breath he readapted to his surroundings, trying to remember why he was in someone else’s room, what day it was. And perhaps how to live a normal life again without a sense of attachment to old days. In the end he blew a long sigh, his forehead dropping on his open palm of hand. It was so tiring. Pretending to be heartless, to forget everything was tiring like hell. And knowing that nobody understood his struggle to be as impenetrable as steel, he could only scream inside. Inside, behind the wall of coldness that had frozen all of his purposes. Purposes from a long time ago, in the present, for the future. He stumbled and fell, realizing that he didn’t know what he lived for.

“Let’s stop if you’re not feeling well, Katsu-nii,” said the worried boy next to him, a middle schooler four years younger than him. The hazelnut-haired student had been there, in mystification watching his tutor’s pale countenance. Not only did the unhealthy look concern him, he also felt that it would be a bad idea to continue on studying with such a strange atmosphere. It wasn’t difficult to see that the dark-haired young man was mentally absent. “You don’t need to force yourself, okay?” A serious request. The boy firmly held the sleeve of the older one’s sweatshirt. His brown eyes sparkled with uneasiness.

“Is that your way to skip learning, Guang Hong Ji?” replied Yuuri with narrowed eyes, a suspicious smirk growing on his lips as he turned and pressed the adorable flesh on the boy’s face with his hand. Only in a matter of seconds he managed to return to his usual menacing attitude, scaring the boy although he knew that the older one wasn’t as cold-hearted as he might appear. “You still need a thousand years to fool me, sly little devil.”

“I... I... don’t mean to...” Guang Hong shuddered from the intimidation, wondering how the high schooler always known to be an unfriendly person could change his demeanor so fast, so skillfully. He believed that there was something wrong with his troubled if not longing look before, but unfortunately could do nothing now that the dark-haired one turned to face him and seemed like he enjoyed scaring the wits out of him. “But... but Katsu-nii... you—” Then suddenly he lost what he wanted to say, a hard gulp down his throat, feeling oppressed in the game of psychological endurance.

Yuuri drummed his fingers on the table. “I what?” he asked with a smile that made the butterflies in the boy’s stomach go wild.

Brown eyes stopped blinking. Sounds of a wall clock ticking echoed faintly across the bedroom. A bead of sweat rolling down his temple despite the soothing cold from the air conditioner, Guang Hong dragged himself out of his cushion, backing away from the bespectacled aggressor. Though the piercing stare was only an empty threat, the younger and smaller teenager couldn’t bear the unpleasant feeling of being manipulated. He couldn’t even speak, terrified enough to calm down his own breathing. The older one was a nice tutor however. But obviously, his quirks like talking without considering other people’s feelings and staring intimidatingly were real problems that couldn’t be dealt with easily. “Ah!” The boy screamed all of a sudden. “Your nose is bleeding, Katsu-nii!”

“Huh?” The dark-haired young man made a frown, apparently unsurprised as he touched the flowing substance under his nose.

In a mad panic Guang Hong ran across his room to find the first aid. “Tissue! Tissue! Tissue!” Then he rushed back to the older one as soon as he got what he looked for. His whole body trembled from fear. It wasn’t the first time he saw the symptom. Tears forming over his eyes, Guang Hong gave Yuuri a piece of his mind, finally letting go of the invisible bundle of emotions that he had been holding back. “You shouldn’t have forced yourself to start teaching me again!”

A smirk of distaste came first as the response to the boy’s unhappiness. “What do you know about me, brat?” said the irritable young man, roughly running his fingers through the fluffiness of the hazelnut hair. He despised the look in the Chinese boy’s eyes and expressed it very clearly. Clogging up his nostrils with the tissue, he continued, “Just shut the hell up and solve this question.”

Disapproval was still there. “But, Katsu-nii...!”

Giving