very interesting, and I went to your show last Friday.”

Otabek had no idea where to start.  Yuri recovered first.  “Your show?  What does she mean, Otabek?”

“I DJ.  Most Friday nights unless I’m away for competition, I perform at the Dragon.”

Yuri’s eyes lit up.  “That is so cool.”

“Thanks.”  Otabek smiled briefly before turning his attention back to Lilia.  “I did arrange my free skate music, yes.  You recognize me?”

“Yes.  DJ Altin, Kazakhstan’s ice hero.  I watch a great deal of figure skating, and your music caught my attention.”

“I’m not sure how to take that.  As a DJ, I’m very flattered, but as a skater, I feel like I should be a little offended, too, if my music is the most memorable thing about my program.”

Lilia smiled again.  “I’m a ballerina.  I’m biased toward the more ballet-style skaters.  I respect your skating for what it is, but it’s not my preference.  Your music, on the other hand, very much is to my taste.”

“Really.”  That was a surprise – although probably that was because Otabek was being ageist.  There was no reason someone Lilia’s age couldn’t like electronic music.  “Thank you.”

“This summer, for Yuri’s last show before going pro, I want to do something different.  Something special.  I suspect that he’d appreciate your style of music, so I’d like to ask you to arrange the music for it.  I know from your free skate that you can work with this style of music.”

“What ballet?  I’ll listen to the music and see what I can do with it.”

“Yakobson’s Spartacus.”  Lilia handed Otabek a DVD.  “The music has been used in two figure skating routines that I know of, if you want to watch those.”

“Huh.  I’ll listen to this and let you know once I’ve made a decision.”  Otabek tucked the DVD into his jacket pocket.

“Thank you.  Yuri, take your time, come in when you’re ready to get to work.”  Lilia walked off, leaving Yuri gaping in disbelief.

“See you at school tomorrow, I guess?” Otabek said.

“Yeah.  I don’t care what Lilia said, if I’m late, she’s going to ream me out.  Thanks for the ride.”  Yuri turned to go, stopped, turned back, and gave Otabek a quick hug.  He ran off before Otabek could respond, even to hug back.

Otabek and Yuri do the meet the family thing and the "Hey everyone's saying we're dating" thing.

Over the next weeks, Yuri and Otabek settled into an easy pattern.  They ate lunch together, sat together in the classes they could, and after school, Otabek would take Yuri to the studio and hang out until he had to leave to get to skating practice.  On Saturdays and Sundays, they’d meet up after practice and spend the rest of the day together.

The first weekend they were friends, Otabek found himself meeting Yuri’s grandfather.  He was very grateful that he’d dressed nicely – he and Yuri were planning to go watch a professional ballet production of Swan Lake, so he was wearing a nice sweater and khakis instead of his usual T-shirt and jeans.  Nikolai seemed a bit surprised to be meeting a friend of Yuri’s.  For one thing, he was surprised to hear that Yuri had a friend.

Once they’d gotten to the cat café they were planning to hang out in until time to go to the ballet, Yuri laughed at Otabek for being so worried.  “Grandpa’s so happy that I made a friend here that it wouldn’t have mattered if you weren’t wearing anything.”

"I don't know.  I don't think your grandfather would approve of you bringing home a naked man."

Yuri smiled as a fluffy white cat settled into his lap, which gave him the excuse to look down and let his hair hide the slight blush Otabek could just barely see through the golden curtain.  "Okay, maybe that was a bit exaggerated.  Just a bit, though."

 

Otabek brought Yuri home to meet his family the next day, bringing him for Sunday dinner.  He was really nervous about it – the last time someone had brought a friend for Sunday dinner, they’d ended up marrying him straight out of high school.  He was sure there’d be teasing from his family, but Yuri wanted to come.

All through dinner, Otabek’s brothers and sisters took every opportunity to tease them both.  At first, Yuri fought back valiantly, but as dinner went on, he became quieter.  After dinner, Otabek’s mom told him that Dariya could do his share of the cleaning up for being so rude to Yuri, and he should go on and enjoy himself and take care of his guest.  Dariya