, something constant. But beyond that, it remains frustrating. Not even Viktor can break it down from the blanket statement of “deep feelings”. 

Yuuko lights up. “How about thinking from a very specific view?”

“Like what?”

“What is your favorite comfort food?”

At those words, he thinks of Yuuri at dinner, poking at his plate of steamed vegetables pathetically. His rival, always yearning for a fresh bowl of pork cutlets, katsudon, would observe Yuri gulping his bowl down with clear envy. Then one night, Yuuri had slammed his fist on the table, and declared that his Eros is katsudon. What an embarrassment.

Yuri scowls, lands into a split, and hastily rotates between stretching his left and right sides.

“Don’t tell me you think his image for Eros is amazing.” 

“Eh? Yuuri’s? Oh wow.” She laughs, hard, and has to clutch her ribs to catch herself. “I forgot about that for a bit. No, no, I wasn’t thinking about his – interesting focus for his theme.”

Now his curiosity is piqued. “…Go on.”

“What I was going with it, is that comfort food always does its job when you need it the most. You can rely on it, right? So then, let’s start from your favorite.”

“Too easy,” he says. Then, longingly, “Pirozhki.” 

Warm, freshly baked buns glazed in rich egg, then filled to the brim with ground meat and cabbages. Yuri always devour them at any opportunity he gets, whether it’s from home or stopping by a shop for snacks. As a younger boy, he had no trouble eating as much as he wanted. He has yet to stop growing, and his metabolism is higher with age and the demands of his sport. Yakov, however, always warns him to cut down on pirozhki the day before competition. Some of this, he conveys to Yuuko.

Clapping once, she says, “Perfect! Here in Japan, we have something similar. Although we use slightly different fillings like boiled eggs. How about we go get some now before we have to head back to the rink?”

Yuri has only been here in Hasetsu for less than a week, so he is still getting accustomed to the flavors of their local food. Katsudon is always fine, though, and in private, he gives Yuuri’s mother his compliments, and despite the strained language barriers, Hiroko understands and beams. But he can’t deny he’s been missing and craving for pirozhki.

“Sure,” he says.

“Great! We’ll split one so you won’t get bad cramps during practice later -” – hah, he is sure he can eat a whole one, or two, and still practice just as hard as usual with Viktor – “- and who knows, maybe eating something close to comfort will open up your inspiration.”

Yuri slips on his hood, stands up, and because Yuuko cannot directly see it, strains his mouth in a small smile. Sure, she is bizarre sometimes (who gets terrible nosebleeds but does not panic at all?!) –  but she is a good motivator, and her ideas are sound. His stay isn’t terribly lonesome and alienating.

The local version is tasty, but of course cannot hold a candle to the ones back in Russia. It helps that, on their way back to Ice Castle, they run into some street cats. 

To his chagrin, though, Viktor orders him and Yuuri to meditate under waterfalls.


(seven months later)


Yuri still has trouble shaking off that his grandpa did not show up yesterday for his short program. And yet, when he sees the old and tiny green car rattling up the streets by the hotel, he grabs his pack and runs.

“Grandpa!” He makes sure not to hug him so hard this time.

“Yuratchka, my boy,” he greets. 

He lowers Yuri, but his big smile fades. His head bows.

“I’m sorry I missed your performance yesterday. I got lost and it was getting late. I figured, I would have trouble getting ahold of you, so I had no choice but to head back home.”

Of course, his grandpa wouldn’t just forget and not attend. He hates seeing him sad. 

“It’s okay!” Yuri shouts. “As long as you stay around in the city, you can make it for my free skate program today, right?”

Grandpa nods with a smile. “Why of course, my boy. Here, to make up for lost time, I want you to eat some pirozhki.”

In the car is a paper bag. Yuri takes one out, wrapped in tinfoil, so that it could still be warm enough to consume. He breaks it in half, and in a delightful surprise, sees it is filled with steamed rice, eggs, and slab of pork cutlet.

“Oh wow. Grandpa, did you make katsudon-style pirozhki? For me?” 

“That I did. You sounded like you missed katsudon a lot, so