.  At home in Almaty, his older sister was teaching their youngest sister to cook, and the house would be warm from that.

He’d just about made up his mind to tell his coach he wanted to go home when a whistle made him look up, and a girl waved at him.  “Hey there.  You look like you could use some company, cutie.”

Otabek stared.  The girl was probably pretty, and likely friendly enough, but he wasn’t seeing her.  Her eyes just happened to be the same shade of green as Yuri’s, and all he could see was that soldier staring back at him.  “Don’t you dare give up like a weakling.”  He could do this.  He had to, if he wanted to be good enough to reach his dreams.  He adjusted the straps of his backpack and took off jogging.

 

After that bad first impression, Otabek was surprised at just how good a friend JJ became.  When JJ went back to Canada, Otabek made the difficult decision to go with him.  The LeRoys weren’t going to be the de la Iglesias, but he and Celestino Cialdini agreed that he would do better with a different coach, and Alain LeRoy thought he could help Otabek grow.

In Canada, Otabek’s DJing got him in with a group of kids that the LeRoys didn’t approve of.  They smoked, they drank, they did drugs, they partied, they stayed out too late and played their music too loud and were no kind of influence they wanted for their boys.  Otabek didn’t care.  They’d let him play his music, Pierre taught him to drive a motorcycle, and he had the sense not to let them talk him into drugs.  Illegal drugs would torpedo his career faster than anything.  Most skaters drank to some extent, but not in the junior circuit, and Otabek wasn’t in a hurry to start.  Smoking would damage his lungs, and he needed every edge he could get; he couldn’t afford to shoot himself in the foot like that.

They also got him into boxing.  Finally, Otabek had found something that he was good at that wasn’t skating.  He took to boxing easily, and it made him feel so much better about himself.  He was mostly able to hide the bruises from training, and what he couldn’t hide he could blame on falling at practice, but after his first match, he realized there was no hiding the black eye and split lip from the LeRoys.

They took one look at him trying to sneak in and sat him down.  “Otabek, you’re sixteen years old, about to make your senior debut.  We’ve said over and over again that that crowd you run with is bad for you, and now here you are getting into fights.  What do you have to say for yourself?”

“It’s not really fights.  No one’s going to get seriously hurt.  We’re just boxing, with gloves, and I won’t box too close to a competition.  I promise.”

The LeRoys looked at each other.  “Do you have trainers?  Referees?  Coaches?  Any supervision at all?”

“Well… no,” Otabek was forced to admit.  His next defense – how hard can a bunch of teenagers hit – died before he could even say anything.

Alain nodded and put on a stern face.  “Then here are your choices, Otabek.  You can tell your friends you won’t be participating in any more matches and stick to it, you can stop seeing them at all, or you can find yourself a new coach.”

“I’m not going to get hurt!” Otabek shouted.  “You’re not my parents.”

“No, we’re not.  We have the ability to kick you out,” Nathalie said, standing beside Alain with her arms crossed.  “We can send you home to Almaty.  Is that what you want?”

“Yes!  That’s what I want!  My parents trust me.  I’m out of here.”  Otabek grabbed his bag and stormed out, heading for Pierre’s house.

Pierre wasn’t there, and neither was any of his family.  Otabek headed for Luc’s instead.  Luc opened the door and hugged Otabek tightly.  “You heard, huh?”

“Heard what?”

“Pierre and Tommy were boxing, and Tommy knocked Pierre out – except Pierre wouldn’t wake up.  They called 911.  Pierre’s at the hospital now.  Tommy texted that he woke up eventually, but his head’s pretty messed up still, and the doctors are saying it could be weeks before he’s okay.”  Luc broke down in tears.  “I can’t stop thinking… what if it had been you?  What if I’d hurt you like this, and you weren’t okay in time for your big competition in October?”

Otabek sat down hard beside Luc.  No wonder no one had been home at Pierre’s.  Alain and Nathalie had been right.  “Don’t worry about it