try not to buckle when he takes the short drop of the edge, shoes sinking into the sand as he takes unsteady steps towards the water. He feels it in his hands as they fight to keep still, one reaching into the urn quickly, grabbing a fistful of ashes before his mind can reel at the thought of what he's touching. He isn't sure if he's supposed to do it this way. He isn't sure if he cares. Viktor wouldn't. And that's all that matters.

The ashes are coarse between his fingers, but the sea breeze carries them off before he can think too hard on what he'd just felt. What had that been? What part of Viktor is scattering before him, never to be seen or touched again?

His hands? Large and firm, but gentle where they liked to rest -- on his shoulder, his arm, his cheek, the small of his back, the nape of his neck. Slender and graceful fingers ghosting over and pressing into his skin, and the memory is so real that Yuuri feels his flesh prickle, feels something not-quite-there against his skin. But there's nothing, there's no one here but him, so small and so alone beneath the darkening clouds.

Yuuri takes another handful, his hold steady but his heart racing. What part is slipping away from him now? Viktor's legs, maybe. Legs that liked to intertwine themselves with Yuuri's own in the middle of the night. Legs that liked to leap, to dance, to spin, to skate. They liked to run along this very shore, feet splashing through shallow waves over the sound of breathless laughter. Freezing cold toes burrowing underneath him in the winter, sly smiles and soft lips.

And this? Yuuri thinks, watching the next handful scatter. Those same lips? The way they curved playfully, the way they pouted when he'd pretend to be upset. The way they felt against Yuuri's skin, against his forehead and against his thighs. He's felt those lips on every inch of him. He'd listened to them for hours, eager for the words that dripped from them like honey, like something to be collected and cherished. Something to be repeated endlessly, in every video Yuuri has managed to get his hands on. Interviews beside him at the rink. Snippets of recorded vacations. Private videos, for Yuuri's eyes only. Soft lips and softer words, 'I love you's and 'I'll never leave you's and things that Yuuri replays each night before bed. Each night since he'd lost him.

He spreads his eyes next, he's sure of it, because he can nearly hear the laughter in them. Nearly see them reflected back at him in the water, in the last of the blue fading from the sky. Eyes that crinkled when he smiled, accentuating the dimples that Yuuri so often kissed, so often teased him about. Eyes so blue that Yuuri's certain that the color had no true name. It didn't exist anywhere other than in the face of his soulmate, of his other half.

Half, he thinks shakily, looking down into the urn with bated breath. He's still got half to go. Half of Viktor to spread. Half of Viktor to say goodbye to.

I can't do this, he thinks, shuddering hard, and before he realizes it, he's upending the urn into the sand, watching the wind snatch at it greedily as it falls. He lets the urn drop with a muffled thud, his body following soon after as he sinks to his knees. He can't stop shaking. He's going to be sick. He nearly retches, but suddenly he's laughing, because he can only imagine what Viktor might say if he were beside him, watching him.


Yuuri, please don't throw up on my ashes! How rude.


It's funny, Yuuri thinks, snorting into his clean hand. The other grips at the sand, the sand mixed into Viktor, and when it pulls away, it takes nothing with it. There's nothing there to grab. Gone.

I'm an idiot, he thinks, laughing harder. It isn't until his vision blurs, tears caught in blinking lashes behind dirty glasses, that he realizes that he's crying. He wipes at his face furiously, but the tears come faster, his chest heaving harder, and when the burning in his lungs is just too much to bear, he lets out the sobs he'd been trying to hold in for so long.

He cries hard, but the seagulls cry harder, over and over as though they were calling out to someone. A voice crying in the distance. But the only voice Yuuri hears now is his own, thick and choking on saliva and sea salt. He hasn't cried since the funeral. He hasn't cried since he'd stepped outside, away from prying eyes