time, then.”

They fell back into silence.  Yuuri broke it after a shooting star.  “Viktor?”

“Yes?”

“What are we?”

“I don’t know.  What do you want us to be?"  Viktor rolled to look properly at Yuuri.  "You know I’m interested in you, but there’s something you need to know before we make anything official.”

“What’s that?”

“This friend, the one I’m going to see?  He’s more than just a friend.  He knows how interested I was in you before and has been encouraging me to find and pursue you, so you won’t be a problem for him, but if he’s a problem for you I’ll need to talk to him before I make any kind of decision.”

Yuuri nodded, not meeting Viktor’s eyes.  “Okay.  He’s not a problem for me.  In fact, it’s probably just as well, seeing as there will be times like the next few days where I can’t be with you.  So if it's all right... can we be boyfriends?”

"Yes, of course!"  Viktor reached out and pulled Yuuri into a kiss.

 

Chris was ecstatic to hear that Yuuri had been found and successfully pursued.  “What did you tell him about me?”

“The truth!  You’re more than a friend, but you’ve been encouraging me to pursue him.”

“And he’s okay with that?”

“He said he was.  I’m hoping I can bring him next time so you can meet him.  He’s such a sweetheart.  You’ll love him!”

“I can’t wait.  In the meantime, the werewolf is still out there.  Be careful coming and going, Viktor.  If you aren’t sure you can make it, I’d rather you not come than risk getting torn apart or worse.”

“It’s my risk to take, isn’t it?”  Viktor kissed Chris.  “But yes, I promise, I will be careful.”

 

For three months, it continued – Yuuri disappearing right before the time when Viktor was going to head out to Chris, and reappearing the night after he got back.  Viktor noticed the pattern, but he didn’t think much of it until Chris suddenly started expressing doubts about Yuuri.  “I think he’s avoiding me, Viktor.  He keeps saying he’ll come next time, but every time, something comes up.  Can you talk to him?  Make sure that he’s really okay with this arrangement?”

“I’ll try, but he avoids talking about whatever it is that takes him away.  I’m sure he’s not doing it to be a jerk!  Every time I mention you, he says how happy he is that I have you and he’s being sincere about it.”

“If he’s sincere about it, push him to come next time.  Otherwise…"  Chris hesitated, but decided to continue.  "Otherwise I may have to investigate on my own, and I’m fairly certain I won’t like what I find.”

“Then why investigate?  He’s only ever been good to me.”

“Because if my fears are correct, there may be grave danger, Viktor.”

Viktor got to his feet, eyes going cold.  “Yuuri would never hurt me.”

Chris got up as well.  “And I very much hope you’re right about that, but I’d rather not test it.”

“I am.  And if you’re going to try to turn me against him after so many months of encouraging me to pursue him, I’m going to leave.”

Chris reached out and grabbed his wrist.  “You can’t!"  Viktor glared, and Chris hurried to clarify, "It’s not safe, I mean.  The werewolf…”

“If there’s a werewolf out there, it’s a poor example of one.  No humans missing, no cattle mutilation, no unexplained animal bones.  I’ve never believed in it, and you know that.  What’s going on, Chris?”

“I just want to know why Yuuri won’t come to meet me, and I’m hoping hard enough that my fears are wrong that I don’t want to share them until I’ve got better evidence.”

“You know, you have a lot of secrets you keep from me, and now here you are asking me to push Yuuri on the one thing he won’t talk to me about?  And trying to control me with tales of a werewolf there’s no evidence of.  I’m beginning to wonder how trustworthy you are.”

Chris held tighter to Viktor’s wrist as tears filled his eyes.  “If you don’t trust me, then I won’t blame you if you don’t come back after this trip.  I’ll miss you, but if you don’t trust me… but please.  Don’t