keep sending him images he doesn’t want to see. He’s desperate, he wants to stop it, but he doesn’t know how.

“Yuri?” The door to his room slowly opens and he sees Yuuri by the door.

“What part of ‘don’t bother me’ don’t you understand?” He sits up and fixes his shirt.

Yuuri walks in and closes the door behind him, not paying attention to Yuri’s facial expression that is basically telling him to run.

“You just seemed a bit upset earlier… More than usual.” Yuuri stands awkwardly in the middle of the room. Even though they have gotten closer in the past year and Yuri doesn’t refer to him as pig anymore, he’s still pushing him away.

He only raises his eyebrows questioningly again. “So? Does that give you the right to invade my personal space like this? Go fuck Viktor, Katsudon. Just go, please.” He turns around and puts on his headphones, ready to fully ignore the presence of anyone else in his room.

Yuuri sighs. “I’m just trying to help …” He shrugs. “Well, call if you need anything...”

Yuri doesn’t answer. He’s not really listening anymore, anyway.

He’s in his room like that until the door opens again. He doesn’t hear it, though, because his music is too loud.

“Yuri? Yurio? Kitten?” Viktor enters the room and closes the door. He walks up to Yuri.

He takes off his headphones, looking at him slightly confused. “What do you want, done doing your boyfriend? Can I take these off now and not hear your mating noises?” Yuri closes his magazine and puts his headphones on the bed next to him.

Viktor’s eye flinches and he isn’t looking at him so friendly anymore. He grabs Yuri by his cheeks and stares at him for a moment. Yuri returns the look, not showing any fear or hesitation despite feeling both.

“What’s. Wrong.” Viktor lets him go and sits on the bed next to him. “Please speak up. You haven’t been like this since… since ever, what’s up?” He looks at the unsettled blonde next to him.

Yuri sighs uncomfortably. “Why do you care…” he mumbles, but he figures that he’s not being fair. They really did get a lot closer in one year. “It’s stupid…” He shakes his head. “It’s nothing, don’t worry.”

Viktor looks at Yuri, getting that specific dark spark in his eyes that his coach uses when he’s trying to teach him a lesson.

“It’s enough to make you upset.”

Yuri hides his face between his palms and he’s mumbling something.

“What?”

Yuri looks up, he’s blushing. He’s biting his lip and his eyes look a bit watery.

“I’m… Oh my god… If you laugh, I’m going to throw my skates at your face.” He takes a deep breath. “I’m staying over at Beka’s today and I’m afraid he’s going to want to do it.” He looks away because he’s so embarrassed. “I swear, if you laugh …”

Viktor blinks at him twice, he stays still for a moment or two before his lips spread up into a smug smile and he stands up.

“Yuuri! Yuuri, our son’s growing up!” He runs to the door and opens it. “Come here, our precious little kitten is being emotional and human! My precious Yuratchka!”

Yuri jumps up and growls. “Viktor, I’m going to kill you!” Yuri grabs the first thing he can get his hands on, a book on his desk, and throws it toward the grey-haired man by the door. He misses. “And I am not your son, fuck you. And fuck you too,” he yells when Yuuri comes barging into the room with a curious expression taking over his face.

“What happened?” he asks.

“I think we need to have the talk with him. I think it’s time.” Viktor looks so proud for no reason and it’s pissing Yuri off.

“No, no you don’t. Get out. I regret telling you.” He’s trying to push them out of his room, but it turns out they’re pushing him back onto his bed. They make him sit.

“I think it’s a little late for the talk, though?” Yuuri says. “I think he knows all about it.” He looks at Yuri. “Just… Stay safe.”

Yuri’s covering his ears and pretending he’s going to vomit. “I don’t need to hear about this, I really don’t need to hear about this…”

Viktor grins at him, then he turns to Yuuri. “He’s actually worried because he doesn’t