, I know. Not like I have much stuff anyways." I replied. I flicked the cigarette while blowing smoke out of my lungs.

"Hey, Yuuri!" Viktor's cheerful voice yelled across the courtyard. 

"I got to go. I'll call you when I get home." I told Mari before hanging up.

Viktor smiled when he reached me, "What's wrong? You look upset." He asked concerned.

"Just thinking. So, do you have a date for prom?" I asked stepping on the cigarette.

"Hmm, I wonder." Viktor said smiling mischievous. "Do you?" He then asked.

I swung my bag over my shoulders and started walking, "Nope." 

"Well either way, prom is going to be fun." Viktor gleaned. 

"Sure."


When did you get so good at lying Katsuki?


 



"He loves my imperfections so I tell him, that I love him."

 

 "How's your mom doing?" Viktor asked as we walked out of school campus.

"She doesn't have much time." I replied lighting a cigarette. I took a puff before passing it to Viktor.

"I'm sorry," Viktor said taking the lit cigarette. "What are you going to do?" He inquired, looking a glance at me.

I shoved my hands in my jean pockets and looked down at the sidewalk. I'm leaving, we're probably not going to see eachother again. I'll probably stay with my sister. But of course I can't see that.

"I don't know." I said instead.

Viktor wrapped an arm around my shoulders and tugged me close. "Just know I'm here for you." Viktor said.

I nodded numbingly. 


Your a fucking liar, Nikiforov.




"Badboy talking fast, talking dirty. He tells me that I'm hot so I tell him that I love him."

 

I leaned back against my runned down car and twirled my keys around my fingers. I swallowed the lump in my throat as I watched Viktor charm a number from a guy. 

The guy was attractive, if I have to be honest. His short cut blond hair and green eyes, very unusual. I can see why Viktor would go after that guy. Is that the type he likes? 

I felt jealousy grow in me as Viktor pecked his cheek. They said a few more words together before Viktor waved his new toy goodbye. Viktor slipped the paper that had the dudes number into his jean pocket.

I mustered up a fake smile and unlocked the car. 

"Are you going to the hospital after this?" Viktor asked unlocking his phone.

I turned the car on, "Yeah, and put your seat belt on!" I scolded him. Viktor let out a heartfelt laugh, but did what I said. 

It was quiet for the rest of the trip. 

I pulled into Viktor's driveway and set the car in park. Viktor undid his seatbelt and opened the door. "Well, bye Yuuri! I'll see you tomorrow." 

"Bye!" He got out, "I love you." I said more quietly before he closed the car door.

"Hm?" Viktor looked at me, "Did you say something?" 

I quickly shooked my head. Viktor chuckled and closed the door. 

I drove off, with my heart beating out of my chest.

Love hurts.



"He tells me that I'm hot so I tell him that I love him."

 

"That's great!" Viktor grinned, congratulating the new couple. Yurio and Otabek recently got together. It was about time too, they were mutual pinning after each other is was easy to tell.

Especially since Yurio wears his feelings on his sleeves. I watched as Otabek smiled fondly at Yurio, a certain sparkle in his eyes. 

I'm glad their happy. I don't know too much about Otabek's past, but Yurio has a tough background. I hope he makes Yurio happy. 

"So when is the pig and you getting together?" Yurio asked teasingly.

My heart frozed in my chest as I quickly looked at Viktor. His eyes held confusion as he thought for a second. He then laughed and I swallowed the bitterness that traveled up my throat.

"Hahaha, yeah right! We're only friends, right Yuuri?" Viktor looked at me with pleading eyes. 

I nodded forcing a smile on my face, "Yeah." I agreed.

Fucking bastard, I hate you. 


No you don't.


A voice whispered. I looked down, "I'm going to go outside." 

My feet grew heavy with every step I took. How long do I plan to get hurt by him? I closed the door behind me and leaned against the outside wall of the small house. 

I'll gladly be hurt by him. Intentionally and not, I'll probably jump off a bridge if he wanted to. I lit up another cigarette and place it in my mouth.

A few seconds went by before the door opened again. Otabek stood by me and lit a cigarette