have made me realize this three weeks ago, before Leo went and got there first?”

“Because I didn’t know about it three weeks ago.  Sorry, JJ.  Don’t worry, long-distance relationships are hard, chances are they’ll break up by the end of the year.  Then you can swoop in like the king you are and comfort her, and make her fall for you instead.”

“That’s awful!  Hoping for them to break up?  I’m not a jerk!”

Andrée clearly wanted to say something, but all she did was shake her head as she left.

 

The sound of a guitar coming from Leo’s room made JJ pause.  Tomorrow was the last night Leo would be here, and there was a big thing planned for all the skaters at the training camp, so tonight was his last night to go out with Bella.  What was he doing here, playing JJ’s guitar?  He knocked, and opened the door when Leo invited him in.

Leo’s eyes were red, and his voice shook a little.  “Hi, JJ.  Was I playing too loud, or do you want your guitar back?  I know I shouldn’t take it without asking…”

“It’s okay.  I was just wondering why you were here instead of out with Isabella.”

Leo swallowed hard and strummed a bit on the guitar.  “Bella broke up with me.  She said she couldn’t handle a long-distance relationship.”

“Oh, no!  Leo, I’m so sorry.”  A small, traitorous part of him leapt for joy – that meant Isabella was single, and he could… no.  He shut that train of thought down.  He wasn’t going to get with Isabella while Leo was still grieving the end of the relationship.  “Is there anything I can do to help you feel better?”

“Not really.  It’s just… I’m going to miss her, and I’m a little mad, too.  If she didn’t want to be in a long-distance relationship, why did she agree to go out with me in the first place?”

JJ shook his head.  “I wish I knew.”

 

Things were awkward at the rink as JJ tried to avoid Isabella, and Isabella seemed to be using every excuse she could think of to talk to JJ.  When school started, JJ groaned a little when he realized that he and Isabella had five classes together that year.  Last year, he’d have been over the moon about it.  Isabella was smart and the two of them often studied together.  If JJ could either get over his crush on Isabella or let himself believe it wouldn’t hurt Leo if he tried to be with her, this would be the perfect excuse.

Their first study group, JJ nearly bolted when he realized it was going to be just him and Isabella, studying in her room – door open, naturally, not that there was anything to worry about.  Isabella was dressed up, too, wearing a short skirt and a blouse that emphasized her figure.  It was so hard not to stare, and he did his best to avoid sneaking peeks at her while they studied, but she was determined to mess with his head.

He jumped when his phone rang.  “Sorry, Isabella.  It’s Leo, is it okay if I take this?”

“Sure, go ahead.”  Was it just JJ’s imagination, or was there a flash of guilt in her eyes as she turned back to her books?

“JJ!  How’s it going?”

“It’s going okay.  How are you?  You’re competing this weekend, aren’t you?”  JJ had moved up to seniors, but Leo hadn't.  Skating without Leo was going to be weird.

“Yeah, I’m in Japan right now, and you’re never going to believe this.  Someone recognized me from social media!”

“Yeah?  Good recognized or ‘drop everything and come to Japan to save me from my own personal Beks’ recognized?”

“Hey, Beks isn’t creepy about his fanboying!"  He wasn't, really, but JJ's duty as Otabek's friend was to give him hell for his borderline obsession with some Russian junior.  "But good.  And I think I might be a little gay.  He’s the cutest person I’ve ever seen!”

That was incredibly good to hear.  “How does he feel about long-distance relationships?”

“He’s just as into social media as Phichit and I are, so he thinks he can make one work… in January.”

“Why in January?”

“Because he’s fifteen.  His parents don’t want him to date until sixteen.  Is it creepy to wait for him to have his birthday instead of looking for someone else?”

JJ thought about that.  “Do you want to date someone else?  Like date just for the sake of dating?”

“No.”

“Then unless that changes, I don’t think it’