last five years. Victor morphed his face back into a immovable mask and his glance flickered at his attendant once more.

"Is Emperor Toshiya's position on the matter still the same as before?" Victor enquired stippling his fingers together.

Yakov adjusted the tan cuffs on his hands and then nodded, "Even now he still refuses to extend our trade alliance," the beta explained. "Unless we give him absolute proof of our strong commitment to Japan."

The omega closed his eyes and brought his hand down to stroke his dog who was lying on his feet. Makkachin must have realised Victor's distress because she whined and then proceeded to lick her human's fingers in an attempt to comfort him.

Finally the omega snapped his eyes open, "He still wants the marriage alliance." Victor asked his assistant to confirm rather than question.

The beta sighed, "It's the only way we can ensure Russia's future."

Victor pushed his chair back and stood up. He then walked over to the window that overlooked the gardens of the Kremlin that were blanketed with fresh, crystalline snow. Which led to Makkachin follow her master and bark to get his attention. The First Prince absently petted his dog's fluffy head, relishing in the comfort of such a familiar act in in amongst such testing times.

Subsequently the omega understands fully his role in the marriage alliance. 'I'm an offering.' The First Prince affirmed to himself. 'A bargaining chip that Emperor Katsuki can use if my mother ever go back on her promise.'

Victor raked his eyes over from the garden and back towards Makkachin, 'Marriage alliance means that I'm going to be the bonded to Prince Katsuki,' The Russian Prince commented to himself. ' and I know what that means.' Victor shivered touching his unmarked, ivory neck.

Then the more rational part of Victor's mind whispered, 'There are worse choices than Prince Katsuki.'

The First Prince sighed because he know that to be truth, the ball at Sochi confirmed it as much. Moreover if Victor wasn't  going to accept Emperor's Katsuki's proposal soon, Victor mother might set her eyes elsewhere. Specifically the newly divorced alpha Prince Whilhelm of Germany and there's not a chance Victor will allow himself to be bonded to him.

He had heard the rumours of how the German Prince cruelly treated his bonded mates and his many paramours. Moreover Prince Wilhelm, who just passed his fiftieth birthday has not been subtle on his intentions towards Victor. He had hinted several times that he would dearly love to domesticate the untamed Omega Prince.

'The hell if I ever let him the chance to do that to me,’ The First Prince vowed to himself morphing his fists into a ball.

 The omega sighed, 'At the very least Yuuri is a kindred spirit. The moments we shared at the banquet was certainly evidence of that fact,’ Victor thought to himself with a small smile. ‘Even he didn’t look me in the eye after that night.’

The omega then stared up to the sky and watched the snowfall that renewed its barrage on earth.'Still I never thought I’d leave Russia.'

The First Prince exhaled forcefully, 'This is my home even if in the end I never got the chance to rule over it...'

'...I should at the very least stay and help Yura,' The omega Prince reasoned with himself.


'But does he actually need you,' A dark voice within the deep recesses of Victor's mind muttered to him.


'That's right,' Victor bemoaned bringing his hands to touch the cold glass window. 'Yura hasn't been receptive to any of my attempts at reconciliation.'

 Victor smiled emotionlessly,'Not that I blame him. I acted like an ass around him.'

The omega fisted his hands and  then brought his forehead over the glass plane of the window. 'Even if I have no real choice, maybe this can be my opportunity to start anew,' the omega declared to himself.


'Prince Yuuri certainly is the lesser of two evils'



'What do I even have to hold onto in Russia anymore?'



'Yura barely talks to me'



'Yakov is directing his attentions towards Yura more than me now



'Mother can't even look me in the eye'


"Lyovya," Victor whispered and he gripped his hands so tightly that he dented his palms. 'Don't! Don't go there! He's gone. He’s not coming back.'

Finally Victor rounded himself over and walked back to the table where his attendant was sitting and waiting for him. The omega’s eyes glanced down to meet with Yakov and he asked, "When is my mother going to announce Emperor Katsuki's marriage offer? the omega asked.

 Yakov's eyes blew up and he tighten his hold on the wooden table, "Tomorrow morning, at the Imperial court meeting," the beta informed.

"Tell her nothing of the conversation we had right now...” Victor requested bringing his index finger over his lips. “...But I will accept the terms set by Emperor Katsuki," Victor declared sitting back on his