man didn’t return.  “Try not to miss me too much, huh?  And remind Danny to take good care of my hamsters!”

Celestino smiled and nodded, and Phichit got out of the car.  He shoved Celestino’s weird behavior out of his mind on the flight over, and by the time he touched down in Thailand, he was ready to have some fun.  Yuuri and Viktor were taking their vacation at the same time, and had agreed to meet up in Thailand.

His parents threw a giant celebration on the 29th, and sent Phichit to bed with lots of wishes for wealth, beauty, kindness, and other qualities his friends and family members found desirable in a soulmate.  In the morning, Phichit slipped out of bed as quietly as he could.  He did not want to have to answer questions, not yet.  He had almost made it out the front door when he was caught by Yuuri.  “Phichit?  Where are you going?”

Phichit turned away from the door.  “Into the city.  I’ll tell you about it when I get back.  Just… don’t ask me anything yet.  Okay?”

“Okay.”  Phichit hated doing this to Yuuri of all people.  Yuuri was his best friend, and would almost certainly take this as Phichit not trusting him, thanks to his anxiety.  He just couldn’t talk to anyone.

He found Celestino exactly where he said he’d be, on a park bench near the river.  Celestino held out a coffee cup to Phichit.  “You were right.  The coffee’s great.”

“Of course I was right.  And now I understand why you texted me yesterday to ask where to get good coffee in Bangkok.”  Phichit accepted the cup and took a sip.  “How long have you known?”  Had Celestino recruited him because of this?  Phichit didn't want to believe that, but he couldn't ignore the possibility.

“Technically?  I found out eighteen years ago today.”

“Oh, that must have been a fun dream.”  Phichit tried to imagine dreaming of a baby.  He couldn't do it.  He was much happier with the end of the deal he'd gotten.

“Yeah.  You can understand why I didn’t try to find you right away.  I shoved it out of my mind to focus on my skating, and then my coaching, and eventually I just… forgot.  When I was first scouting you, your name seemed familiar, but it wasn’t until Worlds when you asked to go home for this that I realized why.”

Which was why Celestino had been so weird since then.  It made sense now.  “What do we do now?  I can’t imagine the ISU is going to be very happy with this.”

“I talked to a representative, at Worlds.  If we decide we want to continue our professional relationship as well as have a personal one, they’ll want proof.  Something to reassure parents and the general public that this is not normal and we are an exception under the scrutiny of the officials.”  Celestino chuckled.  “She was actually more pissed about it being you than the situation itself.”

Phichit blinked.  “Why's it so bad that it's me?”

“Because there is no way the king of social media keeps a low profile.  If this happened to, say, Seung Gil and Minso?  They could probably keep it quiet.”

“Yeah, okay, that’s fair,” Phichit had to admit.  They fell silent for a moment, sipping their coffees.  A thought occurred to Phichit and he burst into laughter.  Off Celestino’s curious look, he explained, “Remember when Ketty had that crush on me, and how you encouraged me to go for it, because not everyone’s Viktor or Leo and most people accept that people date and experiment before they find out who their soulmates are?  I assume you were right that my soulmate probably wouldn’t mind.”

Celestino cracked up.  “Well it’s not like I was sitting around waiting for you either!  Not so much recently, but I did a lot of stuff when I was younger.”

“Okay."  The memory had broken the tension, Phichit had some coffee starting to kick in, so it was time to actually deal.  "Professional relationship is easy so let’s get that out of the way first.  You’re a great coach, we work well together, I want to keep skating for you.”

“Good, because I hate the thought of handing you over to another coach.  I want to help you make your dreams come true.”  Celestino finished his coffee and set the cup beside him on the bench between them.  “So… personal.  I know when I was eighteen, I’d have been horrified to discover that my soulmate was older than my parents.  I don’t think I’d have even gone looking for him.  Would you have looked for me if you didn’t already know me?”

He didn't even have to think.  “Hell yeah.  You’re hot, I