s lips in a sensual dance – and, of course, halting his heartbeat for the umpteenth time. 


 

“And then, Yuuri-kun,” the Russian whispered against his skin “all these little sucking sounds you make every time... they are very promising, you know?” 

 



Promising?




His perplexed face was met by yet another grin.


 

“You'll see when the time will come.”

 


Katsuki Yuuri had no idea what his coach was talking about.



But the fact that he winked as he spoke did scare him a little.


 

"There were some things Katsuki Yuuri was naturally good at."

Thank you so much for your kind comments and for all the kudos!

Let me know what you think about it and if you want me to write about anything in particular!

There were some things Katsuki Yuuri was naturally good at.

 

Like getting fat.

Or eating three katsudon bowls in a row – which incidentally lead to getting fat.

 

So yes, he was definitely very good at that.

 

However, apparently, there were other things he was skilled at, in Victor's opinion – he was resilient, he was hard working, he was gracious.

 

“And then, Yuuri-kun, you never give up! And you can be pretty bold if you want! I like it! This is deeeeeefinitely a natural talent!”

 

Oh?

So “being bold” was a talent, apparently?

 

Weird, Yuuri had always called that feeling “panic”.

 

Nonetheless, that was an interesting discovery – one he was more than willing to test.

Definitely, he was very curious about how bold he could really get.

 

And, most of all, if Victor would still like it, in that case.

 

That's why Katsuki Yuuri's lips quivered as he heard Victor approach his room in the darkness – would he even like the “surprise”?

 

***

 

Victor Nikiforov gasped as he switched on the light.

 

Naked on his bed, as perfect as a sculpture, Yuuri was looking up at him with an unreadable expression.

 

“It looks like I can keep your eyes on me even outside the rink.” he murmured, and his effort to keep his voice level was evident.

 

And incredibly cute.

He took a step forward, letting his hand caress slowly the definite curve of Yuuri's waist, his cold fingers melting under the heat of his soft skin.

 

“Oh, Yuuri... how could I ever get enough of this?”

 

“Then take as much as you want?”

 

A white hand pulled him down, making him stumble on the bed.

 

 

[Warning - might contain spoilers for episode 7, read at your own risk!]

Thank you for all the kind comments and kudos - please, keep 'em coming!I don't have much free time, but as this collection is mostly short, I'll to keep the updates as regular as I can :)

If asked to name something so characteristically un-Japanese, Katsuki Yuuri would surely pick “public displays of affection”.

 

It was something that always shocked him, during his time in the USA – how freely they would hug, kiss and, generally speaking, just be close to one another in front of people.

 

Well, at least Japanese people were not the only ones not too enthusiastic about being all “lovey-dovey” - to use a term he had learned in Detroit – in public, so Yuuri wasn't really sure who was the weird one there.

 

Like, Russians too?

He had heard they wouldn't even smile to others in the street – they even had a saying, apparently, that only stupid people smiled without a reason.

 

But maybe... that didn't apply to all Russians?

 

It had been just a moment, a bare second, but it had been real.

 

Their lips had touched, they had brushed against each other and Yuuri's sleep-deprived mind couldn't help but think that it was so much different to kiss Victor under the spotlights, surrounded by the off-tune buzzing of spectators and journalists.

 

Did he miss the hushed calmness his dim-lit room radiated at night?

Did he miss the moon rays filtering through the shoji door?

 

No, not really.

 

Victor was with him, that was all that mattered.

And he didn't really know if Victor had surprised him more, or if he had been the one to give the Russian the shock of his life, with his bold but shaky quadruple flip.

 

Because he was happy.

 

Two hours later, the video was already on YouTube.

Yuuri watched it over and over again, his heart beating faster and faster as the screen gave him back the image of Victor running towards him.

 

At least, though, he could still retain his pride, by the looks of it.

The camera's angle wasn't that great, and Victor's arm had made the kiss not too obvious – which was great, especially because he was pretty sure mum and dad were watching.

 

Oh, also the director had zoomed out pretty quickly, to focus on the reactions of the public, or, at least, to unfocus from two men suddenly rolling together on