had the same undercut.  This guy’s hair was a little longer, and he was wearing ripped black jeans and a black muscle shirt instead of a dorky pizza delivery uniform, but it really took him a minute.  “Your own fucking twin can’t find your place?”

The guy – Otabek, Yuri assumed – was staring at him with his mouth hanging open.  “Wow.  I thought Selim was messing with me.”

“He is.  Keeps delivering your pizza to my place.”  Yuri held out the box.

The guy didn't move to take it.  He just kept staring at Yuri like a starstruck fan.  “No, I mean… that first time, when I’d just moved here, it was an honest mistake and then he found you there.  I didn’t believe him.”

“Huh?”

“Yuri Plisetsky.  The actor.”

“Yeah, I know who I am."  Then he realized.  "How do you know who I am?”

Weird Pizza Guy sighed, but he didn't look surprised or disappointed at all.  “You don’t remember me.  I didn't think you would.  I quit acting after that summer camp, went into music instead.  I’m much better at it.  But yeah, we were at summer camp together, like eight years ago.”

Yuri remembered the summer camp eight years ago.  You'd think he'd remember the hot guy, but Yuri couldn't place him at all.  “And you remembered me all this time?”

Weird Pizza Guy smiled softly.  “I could never forget you.  Youngest kid in camp, and you got the lead role – and deservedly so.  I knew that from the first time I saw your eyes.”

“My… eyes?”  That seemed a little... weird.

“Yuri Plisetsky had the eyes of a soldier.  Nothing was going to stop him from achieving his dreams.”

Yuri rolled his eyes and scoffed, but he was hiding a smile.  “Yeah, well, I haven’t made it to Broadway yet.”

“Yet.”  Weird Pizza Guy took the pizza from him.  “Otabek.  If you didn’t hear it a million times.  Are you busy, or do you want to come in and help me eat dinner?”

Yuri made a face.  “I am not touching that disgusting mess.”

Otabek chuckled softly.  “Selim owes me twenty bucks.  I’m not eating this disgusting mess either.  I cooked spaghetti.”

“Wait, what?”

Otabek started walking into the house, and Yuri followed out of curiosity.  “Selim’s my twin brother, Turlan’s an uncle, Tahir and Nurbike and Gulsara are cousins.  My family owns the pizza place.  Like I said, the first few times, it was an honest mistake.  Then Selim made a joke about luring you over here to tell me off, and I started ordering weird pizzas.”  Otabek dumped the pizza in the kitchen trash can and grabbed plates for the spaghetti.  “It worked, too.  Eventually.”

Yuri shook his head.  That seemed like a lot of trouble to go to just to say hi to someone you used to know.  “What was so hard about just coming over and reintroducing yourself?”

“I was about to.  It’s just.." Otabek gave a sheepish shrug.  "I had a bet with Selim that this would, eventually, work, and I hate losing.”

“For twenty bucks?  You know, you’d have saved a lot of money by just losing the bet months ago.”

“Yeah, but then I’d have lost.  Now I get to be the obnoxious brother who rubs things in for the next year.”

Otabek’s spaghetti turned out to be perfectly normal and very good, and there was garlic bread and salad to go with it.  The doorbell rang as they were finishing up dinner.  Otabek went to answer it and Yuri followed to see who it was.  It turned out to be Selim.  “Hey, bro.  Anything interesting happen today?”

“My idiot brother showed up at my house for no apparent reason.  That’s always a bit frightening.  Why are you here?”

Selim spread his hands and put on a very fake innocent look.  “Can’t I just want to hang out with my brother?”

“When it’s Friday night and I know damn well Nazokat’s playing at the restaurant tonight, so you’re missing a chance to drool over her?  No, you can’t.”

Selim chuckled and shrugged.  “Did you get your pizza?  Some blond guy stole it from me when I was out to deliver it.”

“Yes, I got my pizza.  Finally there’s a delivery guy who knows where I live.  You owe me twenty bucks.”

“I owe him twenty bucks, too.  He still here?”

Yuri came out now.  “You owe me money?”

“Sure.  Unless Beka here has already paid you back, in which case I guess I owe him forty.”

Otabek stared in disbelief.  “You actually took his money?  Why?”

“I