quite anything. Nothing except warm. Very warm. He wishes he could touch him. He feels a need to protect him, but tells himself that it's only to keep him alive. Viktor needs him alive. For now.

And to stay alive, mortals need food.

Madame Lilia had been furious at his sudden request, demanding to know why he hadn't considered the first one good enough. He had admitted that he hadn't exactly thought anything through, and him admitting that he was a fool and apologizing endlessly had mollified her. Somewhat. No amount of groveling could ever soften that face.

And so she had sent the raven to possess another mortal. This one would bring food. In fact, he would bring much food. He would bring iced boxes, salted meats preserved in barrels, items for the very disused kitchens of the manor, and more. The raven had been instructed to find a very wealthy man, one with a heavy purse and a large carriage. Viktor can't quite remember how much and how often mortals must eat. Perhaps he should have asked for ten carriages?

Yes, Viktor has asked for many things to make Yuuri's stay more comfortable. Items for bathing, of course, and clothing for him. Yuuri generally wears very basic garb, but Viktor suddenly wants to see him looking splendid. He may request a tailor. After the Madame had calmed herself.

He realizes that he's gotten too caught up in his excitement, and he pauses, confused and slightly terrified. What is he doing? Keeping the mortal alive, yes, but why is he planning on pampering this boy? 

Still, he ought to have something nice, at least. Nice trousers, a few coats. Fine evening wear. Viktor suddenly pictures Yuuri looking very sharp in a fine and well-fitted frock coat. He banishes that thought immediately. 

He would make the boy's stay here as pleasant as possible while he rests. Viktor brightens at the hope that he might be convinced to stay and become the thousandth haunt, and pretends that this is the only reason why he's so eager to keep Yuuri here with him.

*

By the third day, Yuuri has decided that he's had it.

This is boring, he thinks as he stares up at the canopy. He's counted every thread woven into the design by now. He's bored, and he's uncomfortable.

Having to use a bedpan is horrifyingly embarrassing, but perhaps not as embarrassing as having his body wiped down by various ghosts. The cloth rags are damp and cool and soft, but he's very naked as they press against him, wiping sweat off his brow and ensuring that his wounded legs are healing nicely. But he can't keep eye contact with any of them. It's far too awkward.

The ghosts who come to visit him are very kind. A little too kind, Yuuri thinks suspiciously. Viktor's words echo back to him. If they want to charm him into staying, he'll let them think that. But he knows that he'll leave the very moment he's able to stand. He tries not to think of blue eyes, but he can imagine the hurt in them as they watch him go.

No, he needs to leave this place. He needs to see his family.


His family.


He curses himself for being such a selfish fool. He's been thinking of his injury, of his planned escape, and of icy fingers, but he hadn't thought that his family might miss him. He remembers telling Vicchan to go home, and he's certain that his family had taken the lone horse as a sign that Yuuri would never return.

But he's alive. It's hard for him to believe, especially with the time he's spent among the dead, but he's alive. He needs to let his family know. But what would he even say? 'I've been abducted by a very handsome ghost, but I'll be home before sundown' doesn't seem very believable. He groans. What should he do?

"Are you alright, Yuuri?"

Yuuri jumps slightly, as he always does when any of the ghosts materialize, or float through the walls and ceiling. He relaxes when he sees that his visitor is Emil. He's very pleasant to be around.

"Yes, I'm just, er... a little worried."

Emil looks concerned. "Worried? Well, is there any way to cheer you up?"

"I'm afraid not. I... I miss my family," he says, his voice cracking slightly. "They must think I'm dead by now. I don't know how to tell them that I'm safe." 

"Oh," Emil says, "you should have mentioned it earlier. Anastasi can deliver a message for you."

Yuuri stares. Who? Emil can clearly see his utter confusion, so he whistles sharply, and a magnificent raven swoops into the room, seemingly