hears his adversaries laugh as they easily knock it aside. Their faces meld and merge like wraiths as his drugged mind tries to make sense of it all. The closest blur produces a small satchel from his breast pocket and tips its contents onto his palm. Yuri is immediately on the move as he recognizes it. The fight is brief but it does takes all four to hold him down as they carefully fit the collar around his slim neck. As soon as it clicks shut, the internal dart activates and floods his already compromised system with more nocturne. He whines, low and quiet, as his world finally fogs to black.



Viktor...


Thank you for reading my little piece and the kudos. Here's the next bit. I'd love to know what you think.

When Minako leaves him by the small clearing ‘for just a bit Yuuri, I’ll be right back’, Yuuri naturally has the expectation that she will be back . Because that’s what Mage masters do in these situations; they look out for their students and more or less guide them into their own Maturities. Mage Masters who know that their students have never stepped foot out of Hasestsu Villages' Ley Lines and possess slightly finicky natures that mirror their Gifts all too much and can startle civilizations out of existence with a single hiccup are hardly flighty.

 

Thankfully, or not, Yuuri is not one of them.

 

His Gift is meager, branched from the Illusionist Art and Tied in paper, Yuuri’s creations are abstract little thought patterns with no discernible benefits. Minako, on examination, had remarked that he would be useless in the Kingdom’s court unless he wanted to depose the Joker or set up in the Royal Ward and entertain future generations. While it was an honour to be born Sparked, trainee mages also faced the potential stigma from society if their powers were non combative or at the very least useful.

 

Ah, to be a useful Hasetsu Mage, it was every Spinner’s dream. As soon as they Presented, they were tested by the local mage. If their power was deemed acceptable, they moved on to the Capital’s Rink Tower to study with other esteemed Crafters. If not, they often fell by the wayside, studying for a few years under their local guides before taking on an apprenticeship.

Yuri’s situation was a complex one. Though he Presented a useless Gift, his was such that t could not be ignored. He would have happily taken over running his family’s Hot Spring shrine and temple but Minako insisted that he keep up with his lessons, if only to get a better grasp and avoid potential accidents. Yuuri snorted, rising from his warm pile of leaves and dusting himself off. Opening his notebook, he traced a small fire, the drakt glyph easily palmed and watched as the illusion flickered to life. it wasn’t much for a strong light source but it would do till he found his way back to the village. He spared another glance at the clearing before he set off. Navigating by the rising West Star and his own ghostly orb, Yuuri carefully wended his way amongst the bramble, taking care not trip amongst the multitude of raised tree roots. He’d lived here all his life and knew the trails as well as he knew the individualized flavours of his favorite katsudon dish. It’s also imperative, as the smallest boy in Hasestu, to develop certain skills to evade the local bullies or bully in this case. Yuuri couldn’t recall the number of times when,walking home with Yuko, Takeshi, the blacksmith’s son blocked their path and tried to goad Yuuri into a fight. As the sole Presenter in Hasetsu, Takeshi’s attitude towards the small boy had only soured through time and he took great pleasure in reminding Yuuri of his place.

However, like most villagers, he never dared venture into the forest unaccompanied or at least in the possession of a triometer. It wasn’t unheard of for stragglers or daredevils, even those who kept close to its edge, to end up hopelessly lost, often turning up dazed and confused days, weeks and once, even years later. Now this would have been marked off as unfortunate if the stragglers hadn’t claimed to have spent only a night in the woods, despite months of absence. Stranger still was that their own bodies were locked in a curious stasis so much so that Weir healers found it difficult to match up their blood diagnostics on the Wyr Charts. Mari, Yuuri’s sister and a Weir Healer in training once explained it as the in between state. Their hearts beat but slow, slower than ice rabbits in winter. Their skin was often so pale that you could easily see the blue web of veins beneath. By all accounts, they hardly had enough strength to stay conscious let alone wander about. It was Mari’s great dream to figure out this mystery and her intense study in anatomy and Weir technology had easily made her one of the best Healer consultants. Her Master Healer was quite proud of her achievements and his one despair was trying to get her to quit the pipe. Yuuri didn’t think