what he’d always denied wanting but never convincingly.

“Yeah, I see him.”  Yuri glared at Otabek.  “What’s with you, asshole?”

Otabek shook himself.  “Sorry, it’s just… I’m a fan.  I’m just trying to believe this is happening.  You haven’t met JJ, have you?”

“Great.  You two already know each other.  Of course you do.”  Yuri narrowed his eyes at JJ.  “Wait.  JJ.  Leroy.  King JJ.  It’s JJ style.”

“That’s me!”  JJ did the JJ style pose.  “I’m glad to see you, Yuri.  Even happier that Beks can, too.”

“You’re a fan too, then?”

“Not exactly.  Beks and I are rinkmates.”

“Right.  So I’m the third wheel.”

JJ shrugged.  “Third wheels add stability.  Yuri, this is Otabek Altin.”

“Hi.”

“You don’t remember me, I take it?  I’m not surprised.”

“Huh?”

“We were in the same class at a summer camp your coach ran a few years back.  I’m not surprised you don’t remember me, I was not memorable at all, but you…”

“Well, I guess that makes it a little less weird,” Yuri mumbled.

Business time.  “Beks, I don’t know that I can keep this to myself.  You know everyone’s going to be asking me, and I am so happy for you getting Yuri too that I’m going to have a hard time not telling you.”

Otabek nodded.  “Yuri?  Want us to come tell you right away?”

Yuri hesitated.  “You guys think you can handle just being friends for a couple years?”

“Of course.  My parents taught me that just because you can do something doesn’t mean you should."  JJ grinned.  "I can eat fifteen hot dogs in one sitting, but that doesn’t make it a good idea.”

“Well there’s a metaphor.”  Yuri made a face.  “Otabek?”

“Not a problem.  May have to look into how to get all three of us on a motorcycle, though.”

“You have a motorcycle?”  Yuri’s eyes lit up and for the first time he looked happy to be there.

 

JJ managed to keep the news to himself, just telling his parents that he wanted to practice like normal even though it was his birthday.  Otabek was already there, and JJ waved him over.  “Mom, Dad, Beks and I need to go to Russia.”

“Now?”

“Not now, but pretty soon, and the sooner we go, the less likely we are to interfere with Yuri’s Junior Grand Prix assignments and the less trouble we have with Yakov Feltsman.”

Otabek’s normally stoic façade failed him.  “Yuri?  Yakov?  You want to go to Russia to talk to YURI PLISETSKY?”

“Oh, yeah, you’d know what events he’s in.  You can tell us when not to go."  He should have thought of that.  "One thing to keep in mind – the longer we wait, the more pissed Yuri’s going to be.  He’s quite the angry little kitten.”

“Yuri’s expecting us?”

“No.”

Nathalie cleared her throat.  “Jean, dear, I think we need a little more explanation.”

JJ shrugged.  “Was hoping Beks would figure this out, but he and Yuri are soulmates.”

Otabek glared at him.  “I knew you could be a dick, but really?”

JJ's eyes widened and he held up his hands.  “I know that because you’re both my soulmates!  Come on, Beks, you know I’m never a dick on purpose!”

“I’m your soulmate.”  JJ nodded.  “So is Yuri Plisetsky.”  JJ nodded again.  “And Yuri is also my soulmate.”

“Good job.  Yuri’s not happy about us already knowing each other and being friends, so the sooner we get to him, the less left out he feels.”

 

Once they understood, JJ’s parents set up the trip to Russia.  They’d contacted Yakov and warned him that Yuri had a couple visitors coming and why.  Yakov had started muttering about his hair and his skaters and soulmates.

They got to the rink at the time Yakov had told them to be there.  Yakov waved Yuri off the ice and pointed to the visitors.  “JJ Leroy.  What the fuck are you doing here?”

“I’m JJ, this is Otabek Altin.  We’re your soulmates.”

Yuri looked between the two.  “Otabek Altin?  Yakov was just saying yesterday that he was curious to see how you grew up.  Took me a couple reminders, but eventually, I remembered you.”

“You did?”  Otabek flinched a little.  “That’s probably not good.”

Yuri smiled.  “You were the stubbornest guy I’d ever met.  Sure, you sucked at ballet, but there’