one way or another I will be making you scream.”

“Okay, that was a bit over the top, but points for the sexy threat.  Way better than hi.”  JJ started tugging against the ropes.

“Struggle all you want, your majesty.  You aren’t going anywhere.”  He stretched forward, hands braced on JJ’s shoulders.  He bent down to whisper in JJ’s ear, “You’re mine.  How difficult do you want to make this for yourself?”

JJ stuck out his tongue at his captor, who took it as an invitation to push up his mask and kiss him.  His captor was a good kisser, which JJ had not expected at all.  He was actually a little sorry when he pulled back and got off the bed.  “What, that’s it?”

“No, I’m just getting some things.  After all, I haven’t gotten that scream out of you yet.”  He came back and hung something around JJ’s neck – the gold medal he’d just won at Four Continents.  It was cold against his chest, and he shivered a little.  The medal was followed with something put on his head.  “What kind of king doesn’t wear a crown?  This wouldn’t be as satisfying without it.”

“Fuck, you’re ridiculous.”  JJ bit his lip to hold back the laughter.  “Tell me this is a Burger King crown.”

“That’s what I wanted, but I couldn’t find one that I thought had a chance of staying on your giant head."  He shrugged.  "It’s a flower crown.”

JJ shook his head.  “Wow.”

“Are you going to critique everything I do, or will you shut up without me having to find a gag?”

“If you gag me, you can’t kiss me.”

“Sure I can.  You just can’t kiss back.”  His captor knelt straddling him again, bending to kiss JJ’s neck.  JJ shut up and let him get on with it – the menacing threats and attempt at humiliation needed work, but damn this guy knew what he was doing with his mouth when it didn't involve talking.  When he slid down to lick JJ’s nipple, he became even more convinced.

JJ whined a little bit as the cold air hit as his captor pulled off.  “Hey.  Aren’t you supposed to be telling me someone will come for you?  Your friends or your beloved or your parents or something like that?  Your pissed-off pet cat?”

The idea of Yuri coming to rescue him made JJ snort.  Yuri would be more likely to grab Beks and a bowl of popcorn and watch.  Beks would try to help him, JJ thought, but he wasn’t as sure of that as he would have been before Beks and Yuri got together.  “My family will come for me.  You won’t get away with this.”

He scoffed.  “Your family is Canadian.  They’d apologize for interrupting us and let me finish.”

“Boy do you have some weird ideas about Canadians.  But sure, keep telling yourself that.”

“That’s it?  No one else to threaten me with?”

“You’ve never dealt with an irate Quebecois mother.  I shouldn’t need any further threats.  But fine.  My friends will come for me.  Leo’s American, he’ll probably bring a gun.”

“Much better.  I guess I’ll just have to hurry, then.”  He slid down and licked at JJ’s cock, and JJ laid his head back.

JJ was very close to coming when his captor pulled off.  “You know, if this is supposed to be torture?  You’re doing it wrong.”

“Yeah?  Would you prefer it if I hurt you?”

“No, no, that wasn’t a complaint, just an observation!  It’s just that most people would be forcing me to blow them in this situation, instead of the other way around.”

“I’m not most people.  I don’t like the idea of having my cock anywhere near teeth in a situation like this.”  He stuck his tongue out at JJ.  “However, brace your anus.  I don’t usually top, but I have a feeling you would never stop complaining if I didn’t.”

JJ burst into laughter.  “Well, you’re right about that.  Did you really just say brace your anus?”

“Fuck you.”

“Isn’t that the point of bracing my anus?”  JJ kept laughing as his legs were untied and pushed up toward his chest, and he was lifted into the air.  He stopped laughing as a finger began to tease at his entrance.  He was nervous about this, now.  He’d never bottomed – his only ex was a girl who had no interest in pegging, so he’d never had the opportunity, but he remembered how much Isabella said it hurt the one time he’d tried anal with her.  His captor hadn’