, following his lead as he began walking towards the exit.

“Well, are you hungry? I was thinking we could go somewhere to eat if you are. There’s this really cute cat café I’ve been meaning to go to, but I just haven’t had the time.” Yuri’s sea-green eyes sparkled as he spoke about the shop, eliciting another smile from the Kazakhstani.

As they reached the doors and walked out, Yuri ran out to hail a cab, returning to Otabek’s side quickly to help him pack his luggage into the car. Once packed and ready to go, Yuri started with directions to the cat café, all in Russian, but Otabek had picked up a few words here and there, so he understood the gist of Yuri’s one-sided conversation.

Cutting him off, he began, “Ah, Yuri. I was actually hoping we could stop by your place first. If that’s okay.”

Seemingly unfazed by the request, Yuri quickly told the driver the directions of his apartment, to which the driver simply complied with an accented Okay. The ride to Yuri’s apartment was about twenty minutes from the airport, which gave the young couple enough time to begin catching up on small things that they hadn’t entirely been able to talk about in the days leading up to Otabek’s flight. They both relaxed at the small talk, leaning closer against one another as their hands gently brushed, treading lightly not to overstep boundaries that would give them away as lovers. With most Russians harboring distaste towards homosexuality, it was best to act as close friends. Having been just that only a few months ago, they played the part well, both knowing that once they reached the apartment, the façade would be uplifted and their true reunion would begin.

Things get heated and Yuri finally expresses what he wants.

Dude. It's been like... over a month since I last updated?I wound up losing inspiration, but then got it back.Better late than never, right?

I'm not entirely fond of this chapter, butat least these two idiots are finally getting somewhere.I was originally gonna make this chapter longer, but I think I'm gonnaswitch back to Yuri's POV for the smut. 

Thank you for all of your lovely comments on the previous chapters!They're honestly what kept me going as I came back to writing this. <3


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

After paying the cab driver, Yuri turned to look at Otabek, a big grin on his face showing off the excitement he clearly felt. Otabek attempted to keep his face as neutral as possible, careful to reveal the way his heart had skipped a beat as he traced the angular lines on Yuri’s face that had developed during their time apart. He wondered how different he was underneath his clothing--If his body had become more muscular while retaining its thin frame; If his skin remained as soft as it had been when they had been together before. Even his hair had grown out much longer, a silky waterfall of blonde strands reminiscent of Viktor Nikiforov’s once-signature look. But Yuri’s style was his own, his hair an additional element of felinity and strength. The Russian Tiger and the Russian Punk had now melded into one, masculinity radiating off of him unlike it ever had.

Otabek’s stomach twisted into knots, anxiety thumping in his ears as his mind found its way to thoughts of Yuri beneath him. Of their bodies flush against one another, Yuri’s newfound body in need of proper exploration and worship. It had been so long since he had properly gotten to touch him, to kiss him. He wondered if Yuri was feeling the same way, the tension between them like static as they made their way to the sliding doors in front of the building.

“My apartment is on the third floor. We’ll take the elevator so you don’t have to pull that thing up three flights of stairs,” Yuri motioned to the luggage on the ground, the smile still on his face, expression softer now.

He found Yuri’s beauty otherworldly, the way his long, golden locks seemed to glow in the light, his sea-green eyes a mesmerizing contrast to the luminescence of his skin. As they walked towards the doors together, silence shrouded the space between them, Otabek lost in a trance of tracing over every line of Yuri’s changing body. He ached to grab onto Yuri’s hand, their knuckles brushing at one point as they entered the building and turned a corner to enter an elevator at the middle of the corridor.

Yuri noticed his staring as he reached up to tuck blonde hair behind his ear. “Otabek? What is it?” Yuri’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion. His lips parted slightly, maybe to say something, but he remained quiet instead. It was barely there, but Otabek could make out platinum stubble against Yuri’s chin, not unlike the buzzed facial hair on his own chin. It was surreal. But he