being Yuri's friend.

“I am getting something out of this, you’re my best friend.”

“Yeah…”  Yuri scooted to sit at the edge of the bed, legs folded up under him.  “I’ve been hearing whispers around the rink.  Supposedly, Viktor’s bringing in a new student, in April.  You know anything about that?”

“I’m not at your rink, I don’t hear the whispers.”  If Yuri knew, that was one thing, but Otabek didn't want to talk about it just yet.

Yuri reached out and kicked Otabek in the hip.  “Rumor’s saying he’s an established skater, one who’s shown that he can compete at the same level Yuuri does, but very different from Yuuri’s style and that Viktor’s looking forward to the challenge.”

Otabek couldn't resist.  “I hope he behaves better with this one than he did with Yuuri.  You don’t need to deal with the drama of Viktor cheating on Yuuri.”

Yuri kicked Otabek harder.  “Fuck you for that.  When were you gonna tell me Viktor was going to coach you?”

“It’s not final yet.  I didn’t want to get your hopes up before I knew for sure I’d be coming.  Viktor’s set me a challenge, and if I don’t meet it, I don’t get to come.”

“Right.  I’m so sure.  What’s the challenge, gold medal at Worlds?”

That would do it, but that wasn't the terms of the deal.  Unfortunately... “I’m not allowed to tell you.”

“Oh.  You have to beat me at Worlds and Viktor’s afraid that if you tell me that I’ll throw it and just let you have it.”  Otabek didn’t respond.  He couldn't confirm it, but Yuri took the lack of denial as confirmation anyway.  “Gotta say, that’s the only thing I can think of that would make me even consider throwing a competition, but I have too much respect for you to do it.”  Yuri reached out and grabbed Otabek’s hands.  “I’m probably not supposed to tell you this, either, but Viktor’s already bought an apartment for you.  I don’t think he means it any more than he meant it when he said he’d only marry Yuuri after Yuuri won a gold medal.  He’s more interested in motivating you and seeing how you respond to the challenge than he is in the actual results.”

That's kind of what Otabek had figured, but he didn't want to count on it.  In the meantime... “Bought an apartment.”

“It’s Viktor.  When was the last time he ever did anything the expected way?”

Otabek shook his head.  It was certainly true that Viktor had a habit of choosing the most extra option available.  “Well.  That’s… how do I talk to him about this without telling him you told me about it?”

Yuri's eyes clouded as he looked up at Otabek.  “Something wrong?”

“You’ll be eighteen by the time I move up there.  I was going to ask if you wanted to share a place.  Didn’t figure you’d be trying to move out of Lilia’s between your birthday and World’s…”

The clouds cleared and Yuri lit up.  “I might be now.  Since I have a place to go and all.”

“Hmm?”

“Again, this is all rumor, but given that it’s come from Yuuri and Phichit I have faith in them.  When Viktor was furnishing it, he was looking for cat-friendly furniture.  Last I checked you don’t have a cat.”

“I have you.”  Leo and JJ and Guang Hong called Yuri Otabek's kitten.  Even in his hearing.  Thankfully, Yuri thought it was funny.

“Exactly.  And I do have an actual cat who I’d be bringing with me.  If you want to be roommates, I think Viktor’s kind of planning on that.”

“Oh.”  Well, that was that problem solved.  Otabek decided to take that as a yes on living together.  If, of course, Otabek moved to St. Petersburg.  He didn't share Yuri's confidence that Viktor was bluffing.

“So… do you still want to be my boyfriend?”

Otabek dropped his gaze to the floor and let go of Yuri's hands.  “Yura, we’ve…”

Yuri grabbed Otabek's hands back.  “Just answer the question, asshole.”

“I told you before, my exhibition skate’s about you.  Not sure where the ambiguity in you were born to be my baby, I was made to be your man comes in.”

“Things can change since you decided on that skate.  Is that still what you want?”

“Yes, but…”

“You moving to St. Petersburg changes things, especially if we’re gonna be living