basically done nothing to prove otherwise. Otabek should be lucky that he liked him; he wouldn’t want Yuri’s only other friend to  not  like him. So what if Otabek found Yuri first? Mikhail is obviously a way better suit for Yuri: someone suitable to take care of him. Otabek should be  happy  , and here he is, just going on and on about what a bastard a guy whom he met five minutes ago is.  ‘Selfish, selfish, selfish.’  Otabek should learn to be the better person. He’s really being ridiculous, and he can’t even control himself.  ‘Incompetent.’ 

 

Though, to be honest, it’s neither his nor Yuri’s fault that they see each other not nearly enough to be really close. He tightens his jaw. Yuri is here  now,  and Otabek’s practically spending their only time together scolding himself.

 

“Where are we going?” he asks to change the topic.

 

“I’m taking you to  Церктовь Спаса на Крови ,” Yuri says. Otabek should have guessed it. Despite arriving in St. Petersburg around five days ago, Otabek still hasn’t done any sightseeing. Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood is the perfect place to start.

 

“Let’s go faster, then,” he says and Yuri smiles that odd smile again. Otabek can’t hurt this time, because Yuri’s eyes are the only color he sees in the abundance of white around them.

 

xxx

 

Otabek’s not the biggest fan of churches – any place of worship, actually. It’s not that he doesn’t find them fascinating or believe that people finding comfort in spirituality is good; it’s just the religion itself that makes him uneasy inside. The spirituality of the people inside churches makes him face his own reality in some way, a reality where he’s truly alone in the universe. He and his god just grew apart after all those years where he tried for his highest potential yet always felt like there could be more done. He’s long figured out that he doesn’t deserve a god’s love: When he had been utterly crushed, stomped onto, chewed, it hadn’t been Allah or God or anything else that he’d tried believing in that saved him – it had been himself and himself only. There was no one else to help him out, just him and his eternal loneliness. He, therefore, feels so out of place in churches and mosques, as if he’s an intruder that is shamelessly interrupting the holy atmosphere.

 

It’s different when Yuri’s standing next to him, like a guardian angel who is giving him permission to enter.

 

The church is huge from both inside and outside, and it’s been a while since Otabek’s seen so much color together and not nurtured a headache. Everything feels in harmony, almost like a blessing from the God that these people believe in. Even Otabek feels blessed when Yuri suddenly grabs his hand and gives it a squeeze.

 

“Come on,” Yuri says. They sit somewhere in the nave. Yuri’s staring at the walls, clearly fascinated. All Otabek can see is Yuri, though. His eyes shine even brighter than the walls, yet Otabek still doesn’t get the headache or the heartache he’s expecting.

 

“I’ve never actually came here before,” Yuri admits. “There was simply no time. When I moved here I had to be the best, and when I actually became the best…” he trails off. It’s silence for a while before Otabek starts speaking.

 

“They needed you to do more than that,” he says quietly. Yuri is startled and is looking at him.

 

“When you became the best you could ever be, I mean,” Otabek clarifies.

 

“It was either that or being ignored,” Yuri says. “I had to be bright and loud and fierce, or to be poor old Yulia Plisetskaya’s son who had already spent enough time for a lifetime being ignored.” Otabek feels like he knows how it is for Yuri. A mother who once was at the top of the world but then was forgotten immediately after, who’s never stopped living that dream, even in the poverty around the time Yuri, the heir to Yulia’s throne, was born.

 

“You’re visiting it now,” Otabek whispers. He can feel his own heart beating loudly and slowly. “You’re here now.”

 

Yuri chuckles half-heartedly. Otabek’s never seen him this heavy before. “I guess by dragging you down here I was also giving myself a chance to visit as well.” Otabek’s silent, for Yuri is grieving. Yuri sighs, looking at their hands that are still tangled together. He must feel how sweaty Otabek’s hand is, as he suddenly draws his own hand away, looking uncomfortable. Otabek feels like he’s intruding again.

 

“Anyway,” Yuri says. Otabek’s eyes are fixed on the ground now. “I don’t even know if you’