first seeing the musician, it rained.  Yuri just assumed the musician wouldn’t be there and started hurrying home, but he stopped at the sound of a guitar.  There on the bench he sat, under a bigass umbrella that sheltered him and his guitar from the rain.  What’s more, he was smiling as he started singing.


Oh yeah I tell you somethin'
I think you'll understand
When I say that somethin'
I want to hold your hand

Yuri took a couple steps closer.  Under the umbrella, curled up in the guitar case, there was a kitten.  This guy, this musician who sat in the park and sang for small groups, was singing to a kitten.


Oh please say to me
You'll let me be your man
And please say to me
You'll let me hold your hand
Now, let me hold your hand
I want to hold your hand

“This has to be the cutest thing I’ve ever seen.”

The music stopped abruptly as the musician looked up from the kitten to see Yuri standing just beside the umbrella.  With the dark tan of his skin, it was hard to tell, but it looked to Yuri like the guy was blushing.  “Um, hi?  Was there something you wanted to hear?”

Yuri grinned and waved a hand toward the kitten.  “By all means, continue telling your kitty how you want to hold its hand.”

“I’m not… it’s not my kitty.  It just wandered in from the rain.  I wasn’t singing that song for it.”

“Oh?  Is it just a favorite?  One you like to sing that never seems to fit your audience?”

“I was thinking of someone I’ve had a crush on since I was thirteen.  I met him at summer camp, lost contact with him but never stopped thinking about him and his eyes.”

That... sounded a little creepy to Yuri, honestly.  “What’s so special about a thirteen-year-old’s eyes?”

The musician shrugged.  “Actually, he was eleven.  He was there mostly as a dancer, and he was the best I’ve ever seen.  I was there for music and sound.”

“Why didn’t you keep in contact?”

“Well…"  He shook his head and looked at the kitten.  "When I say I lost contact with him, I mean summer camp ended and I still hadn’t gone to talk to him.  He went home, as did I, and I didn’t see him again for over four years.”

“So?  Have you talked to him since?”

“Sort of.”

How do you sort of talk to someone?  “Sort of?”

“It’s complicated.”

Yuri rolled his eyes.  “Either you’ve talked to him or you haven’t.  How complicated can it be?”

The musician chuckled softly.  “Yes.  I’ve talked to him.”

“And?”

“And I’m pretty sure he doesn’t even remember me from camp at all.”  There was a note of wistfulness in his voice.

“Huh."  Whoever the kid was, he was missing out.  "You didn’t answer the question.  What’s so special about this kid’s eyes that you’re still thinking about them four years later?”

“Everyone in the camp talked about how beautiful this boy was, how he looked like some sort of fairy or elf or something with supernaturally ethereal beauty.  Not that I knew what those words meant back then, but you know what I mean.  But when I first saw him, I was stunned.  I didn’t see a fairy or an elf.  No, to me, Yuri Plisetsky had the eyes of a soldier.”

“Eyes of a… wait.”  The first part of that sentence sunk in.  “Me?  The Feltsman Musical Theatre camp?”

“That’s the one.  I got out of musical theatre after that, more interested in other ways of working with music, but it was a great experience.”  Otabek started playing again, softly, as the kitten poked its head up to look at him.  “I got through high school early, did four years in three, and now I’m at the college here majoring in music.  When I can get gigs, I DJ – although it’s hard to get gigs right now, because I won’t be eighteen until the end of the month.”

“Whoa, that is so cool."  He'd been right.  He'd been missing out.  Hot, a DJ, enough into him despite the little shit he'd been at eleven...  "I’m sorry, I don’t remember you at all, I ignored anyone who wasn’t a dancer, and I only paid attention to them because they were my competition or people I had to work closely with.”

“Given that I never even tried to talk to you, I’m not surprised.  Otabek Altin.”  The wind started to pick up, and Otabek sighed.  “I guess I should give