at Victor’s expression, at his soon-to-be 

fiance

 who is 

still 

worried about Yuuri’s reputation in front of the press of all things, and makes a decision.



“We’re still young and stupid for all that I’m about to retire from competitive skating and join you in coaching. Look, this is a stupid idea, but right at this exact second we have enough momentum to do something stupid before we realize how stupid it is.” He reaches out and takes Victor’s hand. “You’ll run to the nearest car rental place, I’ll go and grab travel supplies?”



Victor’s smile is silly, wide and unrestrained. Once upon a time he wouldn’t be caught dead smiling like that. “Three, two, one...go!”



They’re both dashing out the door in that instant, barely remembering to grab their wallets and coats before they went.


 

 


“We did it!” Victor gasps in the passenger seat. “We actually did it!”



“I can’t believe it!” Yuuri laughs and shares an exhilarated smile with Victor. It’s still dark outside, the street lamps lighting up the road with yellow. “Oh my god, we just did that. I can’t believe we just did that.”



“How long do you think it’ll take us?” Without further ado, Victor starts digging into the bag of snacks Yuuri had thrown together at the supermarket. “Oooh, cashews!”



Yuuri bites at his lip, trying to recall the hasty consultation of the maps. “Google said thirty hours. Check my phone, it should be already set up on the app.” 



Victor doesn’t even blink an eye at his phone background
—
a picture of Makkachin jumping onto the two of them in the onsen
—
as he pulls up the page. “Thirty hours, you say? ...Let me drive. I drive pretty fast, I can get us there faster
—
”



“

No.

” Yuuri stares at Victor out of the corner of his eye. “You drive like a madman, Victor. I’ve learned my lesson the first time you got behind the wheel. I’ll let you drive only if there’s a zombie apocalypse on our hands. Even then we’re more likely to get killed by you crashing into a tree than getting eaten by zombies.”



 A moment of silence.



“Thirty hours you say? Wake me up when you need a pit stop.”


 

 


It takes thirty hours of sleepless driving, heartstopping sections of handing the wheel over to Victor to take short naps, singing along to the Hamilton cast recording at least seven times through and the entire bag of snacks to pull up to the front gates of the Grand Canyon National Park. The park ranger waves them through cheerfully after they’ve finished paying the toll.



“You’re just in time to catch the sunrise! Your best bet is to find a nice spot to watch along the road, since all the viewpoints will be very crowded. Good luck!” She says as she passes two maps to Yuuri.



“Thank you so much!” Yuuri calls back as they drive through.



It takes a little bit of searching and creative parking, but they eventually find a spot where they could walk out to the edge overlooking the orange cliffs. Yuuri spreads out a blanket he had stowed away in his luggage and the two of them just sit there, watching as the morning sunlight slowly creeps over the stone and lights the cliffs on fire in beautiful oranges and reds.



Sitting there, his side pressing into Victor’s side and Victor’s hand on his, Yuuri finds contentment. He tilts his head to lean against Victor’s shoulder.


“It’s so much more beautiful than I could have ever even imagined.” Victor whispers to him.


“Yeah,” Yuuri whispers back. “I’m trying to find a way to be annoyed with it but.... Well, I’m coming up empty.”



“Me too.” Victor sounds like he’s smiling, and that brings a smile onto his lips too. “Thank you so much. I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you.”


“I should be thanking you. There’s so much that I wouldn’t have done if you weren’t there for me. I feel like as long as we stay together, as long as you stay close to me, we can do anything.”


Yuuri opens his mouth and reaches for the small box he slipped into his pockets, but Victor puts a finger to his lips and suddenly he’s speechless.



“I want to say something first,” Victor says, pulling out a small box of his own and 

oh,

 this absolute 

bastard.




“Yuuri, I want nothing more than to stay close to you for as long as I can. So would you do me the honour of marrying me?” Victor looks at him, so so hopeful, and suddenly Yuuri couldn’t even find it in himself to be mad about his wasted proposal. His eyes water, and Yuuri just nods