to dip his lips and taste the saltiness of his cum. Damn he was close. Yuuri closed his eyes and listened to the music as he let his mind wander, one hand splayed on the photo beside him.

He needed this so bad, needed Viktor so bad. Viktor to touch him, to kiss him, to wrap his hot wet mouth around his...Yuuri opened his eyes and blinked, unsure what he was feeling. What he was seeing. For below, kneeling between his spread legs, sat Viktor, his silver head bobbing up and down on his cock.

Ripping his headphones off, Yuuri gasped and attempted to back away, only then realizing with the bed behind him he was quite trapped.

“Viktor!” he yelled instead, grabbing Viktor’s chin and pulling him off, reeling as he attempted to get a grasp on the strange turn of events.

Pressing a long finger to Yuuri’s lips, Viktor shushed him before cocking his head, listening to insure no one heard his cry.

“Yuuri,” he purred, pressing forward till their lips almost touched. “Don’t pretend you don’t want this. I saw the photo.”

“The…” Shit. Yuuri looked down, seeing his hand still spread out, partially obscuring the photo of Viktor beside him. But of course Viktor would know who it was. Who Yuuri had been thinking of when he’d been touching himself.

“I want you too...have wanted you for so long,” Viktor said insistently before darting out his tongue to quickly lick along Yuuri’s lower lip. “You’ve been playing so hard to get though. But I remember what you were like that night. How you threw yourself at me. And now I know for sure…” he trailed off, pressing his lips incessantly forward.

“What? Wait Viktor...what night?” Yuuri sputtered, forcing Viktor back.

“Don’t pretend you don’t remember, not with my picture here as you pleasure yourself,” Viktor sat back and frowned momentarily. Then he looked down at the photo, grabbing it quickly from beneath Yuuri’s fingers.

“Oh, I see,” he said sadly, frowning down at the print. Viktor sat back on his heels, running a hand distractedly through his short locks. “It’s when I was young.”

“Huh?” Yuuri said, completely perplexed.

“You wanted me, but from back then. No wonder you never approached me sober. Damn, that was stupid of me, please pretend this didn’t happen,” Viktor replied dejectedly before plastering a fake smile on his face. “I’ll just go sleep in the other room now, sorry.”

“What? No, wait Viktor!” Yuuri shouted as quietly as he could, grabbing Victor’s wrist before he could get to his feet.

“It was just the first photo I grabbed okay? It’s not cause you were young, I never pictured...I mean, I have others where you look like you do now.” Yuuri blushed, realizing what he was saying. “Er, I mean…”

“Wait really? There’s more that you...use?”

“I don’t know what I’m saying…” Yuuri muttered softly, ducking his reddened face in his hands.

“I think you do,” Viktor said, pressing closer. One hand trailed along Yuuri’s thigh, up higher until it almost but not quite touched his cock, which seemed to suddenly jump back to life. “Yuuri, tell me you want me as much as I want you.”

“I...no,” Yuuri replied, looking Viktor straight in the eye.

“Oh,” Viktor caught his breath, his eyes heavy with sadness.

Yuuri reached out a hand, taking Viktor’s chin in hand and pulling him in for a quick, bruising kiss. “I want you more.”

“Oh!” Viktor repeated breathlessly as he dove back in. Damn, Yuuri thought, Viktor sure knew how to kiss. His tongue was incessant, probing and massaging his own, devouring him like he was the tastiest dessert in the world.

“Yuuri,” Viktor pleaded, drawing out his name until it sounded like a prayer. “If you’d let me, I want to continue…” he trailed off, bringing a hand down to grasp Yuuri’s swollen cock.

Yuuri jumped but then moaned into the touch. He was so achingly hard from being right on the verge of coming earlier, his balls heavy and cock straining into the other man’s adept touch.

“I...I mean, if you’re sure…” Yuuri replied as a mischievous look sparked in Viktor’s eyes. He dove in for a passionate kiss, lightly biting Yuuri’s bottom lip before he ducked his head and began anew.

If there was one thing Yuuri knew for sure, it was that Viktor Nikiforov was incredible at sucking cock. Raking his hands through Viktor’s soft hair, he pulled it aside to get a better look at the man who was currently driving him to heights of arousal he had never before imagined.