most difficult and necessary.  Phichit took a seat in the sand beside his coach.  “Hi, Celestino.”

Celestino turned to him, eyebrows raised.  “No Ciao Ciao?”

Phichit smirked.  He'd always suspected that Celestino liked the nickname behind all the complaints about the lack of respect and the mockery from his skater.  “I’m kinda having a hard time getting my head around this, and I’m just… there are some things I need to know.”

Celestino nodded.  "I can imagine.  Where do you want to start?"

“How did you even dream of me?”  It wasn't the most important question, but... he probably had time to try to figure out how to ask his coach "Hey, are you a giant creep who recruited me to prepare me to be your perfect soulmate?"  Because just saying it flat out like that felt wrong.

“I had two dreams.  One when I was eighteen, like everyone else, where I met Rosalinda.”

“Who’s Rosalinda?”  Phichit had never heard Celestino mention her that he remembered, and he's pretty sure he'd remember Celestino mentioning a soulmate.

“My wife.”

“You’re married?!”  Phichit glanced at Celestino’s hand for a ring.  He’d definitely never heard anything about Celestino having a wife!

Celestino looked at his hand and took off the ring he was wearing, staring at it with a mixture of longing and surprise.  “Not anymore.  I haven’t worn this in years.”

“Oh.  What happened?  Does she know about me?”

“No, she doesn’t, she never got the chance.”  Celestino said, slipping the ring back onto his hand.  “We were out on a boat with some friends, celebrating my silver medal at Worlds, we’d been drinking, she saw something in the water that looked interesting and dove out to get it.  To this day I’m not quite sure how, the memories are rather hazy from the alcohol and the grief, but she ended up drowning.”

“Oh no!”  Phichit scooted closer to Celestino, leaning against his shoulder.  “I’m… wait, silver medal at Worlds, you were only twenty.”

“We’d been married six months.  And, as if that wasn’t bad enough, the autopsy made it worse.”  Phichit didn’t want to ask, but he didn’t have to.  “She was pregnant.  We didn’t know until then.”

“Wow.  That sucks.  I’m so sorry.”  Explained a lot about why he'd never heard of Rosalinda, why Ciao Ciao wasn't married, why he didn't have kids.

Celestino nodded.  “It was also a long time ago.  I miss her still, I don't think that will ever go away, but I’m okay.  Anyway, eighteen years ago, I had another dream.  I heard a voice saying your name, something put a baby in my arms, and that… well.  That dream really sucked, because what the hell was I supposed to do?  Even if I’d wanted to try to find you, I had practically nothing to go on, and you certainly weren’t going to be telling me anything.  I knew how to say your name, but not how to spell it, or where you were from, or…”

Phichit giggled.  “Did you check…?”

“No.  God no.  That would have felt incredibly creepy and weird and just... no.  Besides, I’m forty-three.  I figured you wouldn’t bother to come looking for me, so I let myself forget.  Your name sounded familiar when Paul sent me those videos of you, but I never could put my finger on why.  Out there, I may well still not remember unless you decide to tell me you dreamt of me.”

Phichit closed his eyes and let the relief flow through him.  The soulbond may have unconsciously drawn Celestino to him, but it was not done on purpose.  “That’s good to know.”

“If you want to forget it yourself, I completely understand.”

Phichit pulled away so that he could look at Ciao Ciao.  “At this point, the only question I have is what the ISU will say about it.  Some things for you to consider: I have six other soulmates, so that’s going to be weird, and I’m not interested in romance.  At all, not just because of you being who you are.  Friendship yes, sex yes, romance no.”

“Wow.  If anyone can handle seven soulmates it’s you, but I don’t envy you a bit.  I don’t know what the ISU will say.  We’re soulmates, they can’t tell us we can’t be together however we decide we want to, but they’ll probably demand proof if we want to have both a professional relationship and a sexual one.”

Phichit shivered.  Testing was not a fun process.  On the other hand… “Have to admit