It all started at a skater’s press conference about the Grand Prix with a simple comment from Yuuri to Viktor, overheard by a few fans.

“Don’t get too comfortable at the top, it’ll make your fall from gold all the worse.”

In context, the comment was truly just a bit of ribbing from one boyfriend to another but out of context it took on a whole new meaning. And by god did the journalists run with it.

Within a few hours, articles on the lovers supposed rivalry were plastered all over the internet, with the hashtag #katsukinikiforovrivalry trending worldwide.

And so began their ‘long-standing, heated hatred' of one another.

 

“Yuuri~~~” Viktor called from his position on the couch “Come here, I have something to show you!”

In reality, Yuuri and Viktor certainly did not hate each other, in fact they were both hopelessly in love with each other. However, their relationship was something only the two of them were privy to, having decided to keep it a secret for the sake of privacy. Therefore, the teasing of two lovebirds was misinterpreted as loathing and their supposed distaste for each other went viral.

“Viktor, you know I need to get this finished. Can it really not wait?” Yuuri called back in fond exasperation. Although Yuuri wanted nothing more than to curl up on the couch beside his beloved, he’d been putting off choreographing his free skate for long enough and he really needed it done as soon as possible.

“Trust me, you’re going to want to see this!”

Sighing, Yuuri put down his pen and walked over, collapsing on the couch and  slouching beside his boyfriend. Perching his head on Viktor’s shoulder, he looked at the article that was displayed on the laptop screen.




Problems at the Press Conference? Katsuki and Nikiforov rivalry!




Yuuri blinked a few times disbelieving before turning to Viktor confused.

“What is this?”

“This my love, is our apparent hatred of each other,” Viktor responded, looking all too happy at the turn of events. “The media overheard you saying something to me that sounded suspiciously like a ‘heated challenge’ and declared our rivalry. How exciting!”

“Exciting? Viktor this isn’t exciting! I’m just a dime-a-dozen figure skater, everyone’s going to think I’m cocky and arrogant and-“ Viktor cut him off with a soft press of his fingers to Yuuri’s lips, effectively silencing any further self-depreciating thoughts from entering the space.

Yuuri’s head was spinning. It was all too much to take in.

'Everyone thinks I hate Viktor and think I can actually beat him!'

“No Yuuri, they all love you!”

Wait, what?

“What do you mean ‘they love me’?”

“They said, and I quote ‘It’s about time someone challenged the reigning champion’!”

No way.

“Everyone’s so invested in us Yuuri! We’re trending on twitter and everything!”

Viktor had a look of pure amusement on his face as he began to scroll through the twitter tag, reading out various tweets.

“@iceskatequeen says ‘You go Yuuri, I always thought that Nikiforov was full of himself!’”

“@katsukisbae says ‘Damn this is unexpected, can’t say I’m not rooting for my cinnamon roll though, crush him Yuuri!’”

“@nikiforovlover says ‘That Katsuki kid has some serious guts, usually I hate any challengers of my one and only but have you seen his ass-“

“Okay Viktor that’s enough thanks!” Yuuri squawked, a blush adorning his cheeks.

“Awh my Yuuri you’re so cute~~~” Viktor proclaimed while nuzzling in to Yuuri’s neck and kissing the juncture of it while Yuuri tried to squirm away in embarrassment because damn he was still not used to Viktor’s shameless shows of affection.

“So what’re we gonna do about this?” Yuuri questioned. “I mean I know we haven’t told anyone we’re dating yet bu-Viktor why are you making that face?”

“What face? I’m not making any face,” Viktor said but the smirk on his lips and smugness radiating from him told all, he definitely had a plan.

“I was just going to suggest we show a little bit of competitive spirit from now on,” he suggested with a wink.

“So you want us to pretend to hate each other?” Yuuri deadpanned.

“Yuuriii! It’ll be funny! We don’t need to be outright hostile to each other, but just some subtle shade and side-eyes every once in a while!” Viktor pleaded, whipping out his secret weapon – the puppy dog eyes.

“Well, I guess it could be kind of funny…” Yuuri admitted while fiddling with a loose thread on his sleeve.

“Let’s do it.”