“Beka,” he gasped, the wind knocked out of him as he made contact with the floor. His arm was aching where he fell, bruises from their previous encounter throbbing along his chest and thigh. 

“Beka, please. I’m sorry…” Yuri pleaded, the wooden floor cold under his bare skin. He was looking up at Otabek who was looming over him, still fully clothed, flogger in one hand and a phone in the other. He was snapping pictures, taking videos, he said. It was Yuri’s punishment for being disobedient, for going off to fuck JJ after Otabek had told him to wait for him. 

Otabek had arrived just in time to see Yuri bouncing on JJ’s cock, moaning his name while looking Otabek straight in the eye when he opened the door. Yuri had known the consequences from the very beginning; he came hard upon looking at Otabek’s stern face, eyes gone dark and clouded with a storm Yuri knew all too well. 

“Bekaaa, give me back my phone!,” he let out a choked sob, a hand coming down to grip his hair, forcing him to look directly at Otabek’s face.

“No.” 

Yuri’s eyes closed tightly, trying to hide a smile as Otabek pulled his hair harder from the base of his neck. A whimper escaped him, hand gently landing on Otabek’s forearm in an attempt to alleviate the pain. “Beka, please. Please. Fuck me.”

“Is that what you want? You want me to fuck you?” 


“Yes. Yes. But give me my phone. I’ll do anything you want. Anything,” Yuri begged.

Otabek made it seem as if he were truly taking it into consideration, letting up his grip on Yuri’s golden hair as he made noises of contemplation. Yuri relaxed at the lessened tension in his scalp, expecting Otabek to give in as he usually did and spoil the shit out of Yuri with his dick. 

Step 1: Be a brat. Step 2: Get caught. Step 3: Receive “punishment.” Worked every time.

“Mmm…As tempting as it is, I’m going to have to decline. I have a better idea: We’re going to show the world what a bad kitten you are, Yuri Plisetsky. You’re going to beg for it, just like you always do, but this time, others will be watching. You’ve always been an exhibitionist deep down, right? I think a few hundred people should be just fine.”

Yuri’s eyes shot open as Otabek’s words began to register. A few hundred. A few hundred…people? Watching as Otabek broke Yuri down for god knew how long?

“Come on, Kitten. It’s time to get better acquainted with your fans.”

Yuri resisted as Otabek pulled him to his feet, practically dragging him into the bedroom where he bound and gagged him. He was becoming jittery as Otabek set the phone horizontally in front of them, the screen facing forward so Yuri could see their movements if he turned to look at it. 

“Are you ready to learn your lesson?”

The smirk on Otabek’s lips sent a quiver of apprehension through Yuri’s thighs, his dick jerking up to full hardness. He swore he wasn’t turned on. He couldn’t possibly be. There were people watching–his fans. Possibly people who knew him. People who looked up to him. People who had probably fantasized about this as they watched him grow up skating. People who would worship him completely, if given the chance.

Otabek made his way over and sat on the bed, using his fingertips to trail feather-soft touches up Yuri’s thigh. The words came back to him: “a few hundred people.” Touching themselves to him, loving him, wanting him, fucking him. All at once. 

Yuri let out the most obscene sounds through his ball gag as he found himself coming before Otabek even made his way between his legs. 

Wicked laughter from beside him, “A dry orgasm? Just from knowing you’re being watched? I knew you were a pervert, Yuri, but this is downright depraved.”

Through labored breaths, Yuri’s eyes smiled at Otabek, his pupils practically dilating into hearts. Yes, Daddy. Thank you, Daddy. Let them watch. Let all of them watch. 