a groan. Mila kisses under her chin then curls to bury another kiss between her breasts, tugging the fabric of her dress down.



“Why did I wear so much clothing?” Mila laments.



“Your mistake.” Sara cups her face, guiding her to mouth a nipple through sheer fabric. She curls one hand in Mila’s hair, sliding the other down the back of her collar teasingly for a moment before groping her way down Mila’s front to work the buttons free. Mila’s hand is back on her ass and any time Sara stills long enough, she drags a finger between her thighs to rub the growing wetness there. Sara tilts her hips back encouragingly, her body a tight arc as Mila’s teeth graze and catch her nipple. Sticky warmth is building inside, caught in the cup of her hips and a bright streak every time she grinds forward on Mila’s thigh. Good, so good, and Mila kissing up her throat, panting lightly, and her fingers tangled in Sara’s hair. Sara coaxes her to tip her head up, distant lights catching in Mila’s darkened eyes.



Sara bites her lip, a desperate noise escaping as her movements get more jerky. Mila watches her quietly a second longer then dips down to suck on her other nipple. She strokes Sara’s thigh, squirming her hips up with her own need and greedy impatience to push Sara over the edge. But she’s already there, hanging in that beautiful moment before the cascade takes her over. The honey-sweetness low in her belly spills down, leaving her arched with her mouth open but her breath stopped in her throat until she’s lightheaded. She releases the air in a heavy pant, Mila burying her face in her breasts as she heaves in another breath.



“You’re too quiet,” Mila complains, nuzzling her.



Sara doesn’t bother answering, just shoves her back, lying half on top of her but leaving plenty of room to drag a hand down her front to edge fingertips under the waistband of her pants. Mila doesn’t waste time fumbling the fly open one-handed, her other arm curled tight around her waist. Holding Mila’s eyes, she jams her hand in.



“Nevermind too much, why’d you have to wear such tight pants?”



“They make my ass look great!”



Sara hums vague agreement, attention already monopolised by the soft slide of Mila’s panties and the topography underneath. The heat of it never ceases to thrill her, sending an echo rippling through that leaves her curling her leg tighter around Mila’s.



“Don’t mess around, girl. I wanna come.”



Sara pushes up on one elbow, watching Mila intently. “Has anyone ever told you you’re kind of pushy?”



“Frequently, usually not in such polite te--ohholyshit.”



Sara smiles at her, squeezing her clit between two fingers again. Mila certainly isn’t quiet, gasping when Sara rolls over that harder core and moaning eagerly when she slicks between her labia. She drags the wetness up, everything delicious and slidey and enveloping her fingers and Mila tilting her hips like it’s still not enough.



Sara kisses her softly. “Penetration okay?”



Mila tries to catch her lips again, breath rushing out. “

Please

. Fucking make me come, Sara.”



Sara touches her lips to her temple, her body pressed tight against Mila’s side. The seam of the pants digs into her knuckles as she curls her fingers under until she finds the source of heat and wetness. She dips two fingers inside, luxuriating in the velvet squish of it, then pushes them in further, palm pressing heavy against Mila’s clit. There’s barely room to move, just a quick rocking motion and hooking her fingers just 

so

 as Mila moans against her cheek, nosing at her hungry for a kiss. It’s impossible to resist, and why should she?



Abruptly, Sara pushes herself back, straddling Mila’s thigh again. She stretches the fabric to its limit to get the best angle, rubbing her thumb roughly over Mila’s clit as she thrusts her fingers in.



“Oh fffff…” Mila grabs at her dress as her muscles pull tight, dragging Sara deeper. With a cry and a delicious shudder, she comes.



Sara keeps fucking her through it, slow and luxurious and loving each ebbing squeeze around her fingers. She draws her hand free, letting Mila relax and draping herself over her with a sigh.



There’s finding out the person someone is in bed, and then there’s finding out who they are after. Mila stretches like a cat, the edge of her ribcage digging into Sara’s stomach, then melts, arms slipping down around Sara’s waist in a hug. Sara tucks her face against Mila’s shoulder, curling a hand on the other side of her neck. Wind teases over their bodies, drying sweat on bare skin.



Sara wriggles around, pulling her dress approximately back into place. Mila makes a faint grumbling noise, rubbing at her arm and back