another, waiting until one of the opponents surrendered to the other.

Victor blinked first. He turned away and he dashed away from the dining room with Makkachin by his side, slamming the door behind him. Subsequently Yuri also got up from his chair to follow his brother back to his room. As Yuri was leaving, his glance flickered towards his mother. The Tsarina slumped herself back onto her chair and she was hunched over the table. Her head was buried in one of her hands as her body trembled.

Yuri paused momentarily, almost shifting his leg towards his mother to comfort her. However, in the end Yuri felt his brother needed him more and he left the room, shutting the solid door ever-so quietly.

That night as Yuri approached his brother’s room, he could hear the faint sounds of his brother weeping. At one moment the Second Prince swore he heard Victor retching his guts out. Regardless, despite his best efforts, Victor never opened the door. No matter how loudly Yuri knocked, begging his brother to let him in.

 

 


 Osaka Bay, 1926 


That day Yuri promised himself, I’ll never let him hurt Victor again.’ However, it was easier said than done, Victor always thought too highly of that man. In a sense Khilkov was largely responsible for who Yuri’s brother is today. The Lord’s influence even seeped into his own education when Victor would spend time teaching Yuri on the nuances of running a country.

Yuri bought his hand subsequently up to Victor’s shoulder and squeezed it. His eyes were pleading as he tried to talk some sense into his brother, “Victor, he committed treason against Russia.” The Alpha objected, staring intently at his brother. “That fucker deceived us and he lied to you. He probably was using you the whole time.”

The omega vigorously shook his head. “No, you are wrong Yurio. He would never betray me.” The First Prince protested to his brother, gently pushing the hand off his shoulder.

Yuri stepped back, rolled his eyes and breathed in a long-suffering sigh. “That fucker betrayed you, Victor,” the alpha all but shouted at his brother. “What does it take to make you see that?!”

“Mama’s right, you looked up to him far too much and that clouded your judgement.” The second Prince finished his rant, pointing a shaking finger at his brother whose face was back into that inaccessible mask of his.

Yuri gritted his teeth and his eyes went round, ‘I can’t get through to him.’ The younger Prince realized, as the hopelessness of the situation finally sinking into his mind. ‘Khilkov has Victor wrapped around his finger far too long and my brother can’t break out of the conditioning…’

 

 


 Moscow, 1914 


“Say it again,” A deep voice asked in a gentle but firm tone.

The younger child halted his steps for a moment and hid behind the tall, series of ligneous book racks that encircled the private library of the Royal Family. His eyes travelled to the center of the room that had a leather arm chairs and a table for studying. Sitting on the table was Victor, his short feet dangling from a chair whilst he read his book to his mentor, Lord Khilokov.

“I think…if it is true that there are many minds as there are heads…” Victor read the book carefully in English and slowly ensuring he pronounces each of the syllables just right. “Then, there are many kinds of love as there are hearts.”

The First Prince looked up, his eyes hopeful that this time he’ll receive his mentor’s approval. The older man stared down at his younger with his cerulean eyes, and smiled. “That’s good Vitya,” the Lord complimented which led to a wide grin forming in Victor’s mouth.

“But I can still hear your accent,” Khilkov criticized, “But it’s  getting better,” he reassured.

Crestfallen, the First Prince furrowed his brows in frustration. “This is a waste of my time. How is learning to speak English like a native ever going to be useful for me?” Victor protested placing the book down with a loud thud. “Shouldn’t it be good enough that I can speak their language?”

To that, Lord Khilkov crossed his arms. “Vitya, it’s not about you learning to speak English better although that’s a useful skill to have,” the Lord explained. “It’s the principle behind it.”

“And what’s that?” Victor asked, running his hands to straighten his shoulder length hair.

The Lord stared down at his student and leant back on his chair and divulged “Our country has always preferred an isolationist policy and your late grandfather destroyed the relationship between the few allies we had.”

“This is new era and with a younger generation. We need to show to our old allies that we, as country are no longer who we used to be.”

“If we want our former allies to forgive us and take us seriously, we have to be the first ones to extend the hand of friendship.”