wished that his best friend would refrain from anymore vivid, gruesome imagery,.



“

But wait, that’s not why I’m freaking out. All right so when I got home today from practice he had this really weird smile and he told me to come look in our bedroom and Yuuri there was a fucking snake on the bed, like boa constrictor in the sheets and not in the sexual way, Yuuri, a real live snake

,” The other man started speaking so quickly Yuuri almost couldn’t decipher what he was saying.



He pushed up his glasses with his free hand and leaned against the counter, “Wait, okay, so you accidentally brought up some childhood trauma of his and his form of revenge was to scare you with a snake?”



“

No!

”



The Japanese man brought the phone away from his ear again.



“

He said instead of getting hamsters we can have a snake! He didn’t even talk to me about it, he just went out and got Kaa from the Jungle Book. I want to go to sleep but I can’t even 

think

 of doing that with the snake equivalent of Jaws all snuggly-wuggly in my four-hundred dollar mulberry silk sheets

.”



“Did you ask him to return it?” Could you even do that? Yuuri wasn’t up to date on snake-returning policies.



“

No, I told you he won’t listen to me now, he’s just trying to introduce it to Monshi but I think he hates it too

.”



“Put it in another room?”



“

Yuuri now you’re not listening to me! It’s here and there’s nothing I can do about it so please just let me stay at your place until we figure something out.

”



Yuuri looked around the living room/kitchen area. It wasn’t necessarily 

dirty

, but he certainly wasn’t expecting company. Tama, who was now perched on the top of a bookshelf, was undoubtedly going to be hiding beneath his bed for days if the Thai skater were to stay here.



But Phichit was his best friend, and they were already used to living together from their time as roommates in college, so there was no way he could turn him down. 



“Of course, do you need me to come pick you up?” He stepped away from the kitchen to pace the short hallway that branched to his bedroom.



“

Oh, Yuuri, I love you! And no that’s okay, I’m actually in a cab right now. I’ll be there in a bit, bye-bye!

”



He returned a short farewell and hung up. It was almost half past eleven now, and he could almost hear his future self lamenting his beloved sleep. With a sigh, he opened the storage closet at the end of the hallway and dug around for his air mattress. 



“There’s… no pump.”



It looked like he was going to have to blow it up himself--wonderful. Phichit was worth it, though.








It had been two days since the house next door had been moved into, and today, Saturday, it seemed that whoever was going to live there had finally moved in themself. It was all anyone in the neighborhood would talk about, Morooka had even stopped by for a surprise visit so that he, Phichit, and Yuuri could watch their new neighbor from Yuuri’s kitchen window. 



The only cue of someone even living in the house was the chitter of a sprinkler in both the front and back lawn. 



“He’s got a pretty nice looking car, from here,” Morooka commented.



“Yeah but who has a nice car and moves into a shady house?” Phichit retorted, his question seemingly rhetorical. After a beat of silence he made a 

tch

 sound and cocked a hip, “Only pimps or rich kids running from their 

super

 sad and oppressive lives, that’s who.”



Yuuri, ignoring the two men’s banter, kept watching with interest. There was no visible activity, so far, but that didn’t keep his nerves from expecting 

something

. His nerves were also screaming at him to hide under his duvet and shut out the whole world because there were 

far

 too many people invading his personal space right now--his personal space being the entirety of his cozy house. 



Without any warning, the front lawn’s sprinkler stopped.



The front door to the neighbor’s house swung open.



Morooka and Phichit both yelled, the latter latched on to Yuuri’s arm and bounced up and down. A chorus of 

oh my god

s resounded throughout the living space and Yuuri could feel a vein in his forehead throb but at the same time he felt like puking butterflies and rainbows from his excitement. 



It seemed like this stranger was teasing them all with their agonizingly slow method to leaving their house. The door blocked their view of them, but when Yuuri squinted he could see a pair of shoes visible.



“Those are 

men’s 

shoes! Fancy 

men’s 

shoes!” Phichit squealed and tightened his grip on his friend’s arm.



Morooka shushed the overly-excited