like everyone else. "I mean, just to...clarify. I don't want to seem like everyone else..." he trailed off, stopping himself before he made it any worse. Otabek only smiled though. 

"Don't worry, you're fine. You're one of the first people to open up to me. But yeah, that is right." He shrugged and moved back to the cd player. 

"I'm honestly exhausted," Otabek said after a second of staring at the cd player. "I want to sit down. We can take the disc into the living room and play it from there." 

And then he was off down the hallway again, disc in hand, Yuri trailing behind silently. His body was humming with all sorts of emotions as he stood by the couch and watched Otabek insert the cd into the player. 

"Have you ever shown someone this disc?" 

Otabek shook his head. Yuri smiled slowly. "So I'm not the only one opening up for the first time tonight, huh?" 

Otabek smiled back. 

"Come, sit down," he motioned towards the couch. Yuri sat down a bit of ways away from him. 

He grabbed the remote and pushed a button until the music started playing. Yuri's eyes slowly lit up at the sound of it, a mix of two songs he wasn't sure of, but either way it sounded freaking amazing.

After the first song was done, he turned to Otabek with bright eyes. "You have to play that at the nightclub!" 

Otabek chuckled at his enthusiasm and put his hands up. "Okay, okay, I doubt it's that good, though." Yuri was practically bubbling with excitement. "Of course it was!" 

"Okay, I'll play it, but you have to promise me you'll be there. I can ask another deejay to play it tomorrow night." He grinned slowly as Yuri realized what he was asking. Was he asking him on a date? 

The next song started playing and Yuri kept staring at him. "You want to go to the club with me tomorrow?" 

"Isn't that what I just asked?" He laughed, and Yuri smiled slowly. 

"It's a date." 

**

Eventually, after listening to more songs and talking about random things, Yuri told him he should probably head home. Otabek agreed, though he was reluctant about it. Yuri could tell from his tone. He didn't say anything about it though, he just followed Otabek outside and waited by the bike as he locked the door. 

Once he had guided him to his home, he parked and Yuri stepped off, handing him the helmet. "Keep it," he said. "It'll be easier that way. I'll come get you tomorrow night? Around eleven?" 

Yuri felt his body shake with excitement as he pressed the helmet against his chest eagerly. "Okay, Otabek." 

"See you," he said, and then he drove off, leaving Yuri clutching the helmet on the sidewalk. As he watched Otabek drive off down the road, he reached into his pocket and pulled out the card. 

He was glad he kept it.

Otabek and Yuri's first date doesn't go exactly how they planned. Nothing at the least bit wrong with that, though. They like to think it turned out just fine.

at first I was really unsure how to start this chapter off but then I got some nice inspiration and I really hope someone else likes where this is going/coming from... I've been so excited about it all day.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Heavy rainfall and thunder rolled in the next day, ultimately canceling their plans. The last thing Yuri wanted was to be on a motorcycle in that weather, so he picked up his phone and dialed his number before he could think twice. 

It rang twice before it picked up. A wave of relief rushed over Yuri when he heard his comforting voice through the other end. 

"Hello?" 

Yuri's heart fluttered a moment and his fingers absentmindedly curled the hem of his shirt in his fingers. He was sitting in the kitchen at the bar, spinning on the stool back and forth. He paused for a moment, afraid he could hear it. "Hey, it's-" he cleared his throat. "It's me, Yuri." 

He could hear the smile in Otabek's voice when he replied, "Hey, Yuri. I see you finally decided to call me?" 

Yuri couldn't hold back from smiling to himself, his face reddening slightly. So he had wanted him to contact him this entire time. "I was...not sure if I should have yet," he confessed. He was surprised that he was already opening up to Otabek, but it didn't stop him from rambling on. "I didn't want to seem..." he was looking for the right words, "too attached?" 

He could hear his deep chuckle and it made him smile more. "I don