August, he and Seung Gil met up for a couple of weeks.  While drinking, Seung Gil let it slip that he found Phichit attractive, and that he didn’t mind sharing Phichit’s heart with Celestino.  “Even after you retire, if you decide to try something there… I don’t mind.”

Celestino was a little weird about the news that Phichit and Seung Gil were dating.  He insisted that it was fine, none of his business as long as Phichit kept his head on the ice when they skated against each other, but he avoided the topic and changed the subject as quickly as possible if Phichit brought it up.

Skate America, things were weird.  Celestino texted to ask if Seung Gil was coming, the first time he’d brought up Phichit’s boyfriend on his own.  At the competition, Celestino acted pretty much normal, which still felt weird to Phichit.  After the competition, Phichit was going to be staying in Detroit.  It was weird, crashing on the couch in what used to be his and Yuuri’s place, now being used by two new skaters.

The Cup of China started the same way – Celestino asked if Seung Gil was coming.  “Not that he’s told me about, why?”

“Just getting everything organized.”  Celestino went back to his phone.

Getting Celestino to the hot pot dinner was easy – just dropping Yuuri’s name.  He regretted it quickly, though, as Celestino proceeded to try to keep pace drinking with Viktor – and the Russian was not going easy on the drink.  Getting him back to the hotel was difficult.  Yuuri had it easier with Viktor – at least Viktor was walking under his own power, even if he needed Yuuri to steer.  Leo had to help Phichit keep Celestino upright.

Getting his shoes off was no big deal, same with his jacket.  Taking off anything else… Phichit wasn’t too sure about.  He didn’t want to leave Celestino alone overnight, so after making sure there was water by the bed, he went back to his own room and got what he’d need for the morning.  Celestino was probably going to kill him for spending the night on the floor, but there was no way he was getting in that bed, not with Celestino drunk.

Phichit was just about to lie down when he heard Celestino say his name.  He looked over – Celestino was still asleep.  Huh.  Weird.

In the morning, Phichit had just finished getting dressed when he heard Celestino calling him.  “What?”

“Why are you here?”

“You were too drunk to get back here by yourself, so I got you here.  No big deal.”

“I didn’t… do anything?  Try to… never mind.  You’re okay?”

“Um… you were pretty out of it, only even slightly weird thing was I could’ve sworn you said my name in your sleep.  What are you worried about?”

“Nothing!  Nothing.  Don’t… not that I expect there to be a next time, but next time, make the drunk guy sleep on the floor.  You have to skate today, what were you thinking?”

“I’m fine, Ciao Ciao.  And it’s clearly not nothing…”

“How’s Seung Gil?”

Phichit dropped his jacket.  “You never ask me about Seung Gil.”

“Maybe I should.  Georgi’s whole skate is his heartbreak about his girlfriend leaving him, I’d kind of like warning if you’re going to do something like that.  Boyfriends are an important part of your life, and with you in Thailand, I’m already missing so much of that…”

“And what the heck is going on here, Celestino?  If I didn’t know better…”  Did he, though?  Drunk, guard down… and Seung Gil… “Is this a jealousy thing?”  Celestino didn’t answer.  Phichit burst into laughter.  “Wow.  This… wow.”

“Really?  That’s all you have to say?”

“It’s buying me time while I get some thoughts together.  I’m assuming you haven’t told anyone about this.”

“No, of course not, who would I tell?”  Celestino sat back on the bed.  “I thought something had slipped back in April when you bolted for Thailand.”

“If you were trying to keep this secret, why’d you fight so hard to convince me to stay?”

“Because I was doing everything I could to act normally – and that includes not going too far the other way and pushing you away.  The only reason I didn’t fight Yuuri harder is that he was right, he needed a new coaching direction.  I’m still not too sure Viktor was the answer, but we’ll see today.  You’re still growing and improving under my coaching, and I prefer to have my skaters in the same time zone as me.”

“I lied to you, you know.  About why I left.”

“You did?”

“I left because I have the same problem.