morning back in Detroit. Five in the morning was not unusually early for him nor for many other skaters their rank, but for Yuuri who was not a morning person at all, nor did he currently need to rise so soon, Phichit could not help but be engulfed with waves of concern.


Nope just got back from dinner with Leo. You’re up early! You ok?


Yuuri then chose to send an invite for a video call. Phichit tapped the accept button, and soon Yuuri popped up on his screen. His hair was messy and there were eyebags. He was on his laptop in the kitchen of the athlete’s dormitory, with a steamed mug of tea in his hands. They waved hello to each other.

“Mmm, couldn’t really sleep. But I caught up on the free skate and saw you won bronze. Congrats!”

“Ohhhh.” Phichit scrambled for his luggage, where he took out his glorious bronze medal to show it off to Yuuri. “Thank you thank you!”

Yuuri smiled. “Does that mean Celestino will let you skate to The King and The Skater?”

“I hope so!”

He stirred his mug restlessly. “Wow, you’re getting closer to reaching your dreams.”

“Mhmmm.”

Normally Phichit would launch onto other topics when they chatted, but Yuuri dropped eye contact. Both parties remained quiet, and he gave his friend this moment of silence.

Yuuri sighed. “Sorry I couldn’t go with you to Taipei. I would have, but…”

“Yuuri, it’s ok.” He smiled when Yuuri sighed again in relief. “I know you have school. Just keep cheering me on, or else.”

“Hah, what do you take me for?” Yuuri gulped down the rest of his tea, then dumped it in the sink nearby. “Ahh, sorry, I need to go. I want to…”

He shrugged at his duffel bag he had just picked up from the floor where Phichit would not have been able to see it. Seeing Team Japan’s logo on it, Phichit understood where his friend wanted to go at five in the morning, and he nodded.

“Okay. But don’t push yourself, sleepyhead.”

Yuuri muttered something, and Phichit could barely hear him saying “body is tough.” Because as much as Yuuri tried to defy his current limits during practice, earning some scolding from Ciao Ciao, his body was ridiculously resilient and tough. Phichit could testify as a witness. Yuuri had slammed on the ice or boards before, and only walked away with a bloody nose. Their rinkmates were always in awe and terrified of Yuuri’s body of steel and super-stamina.

They said their goodbyes, and Yuuri ended the call.

This wasn’t the first time Yuuri snuck out to their facilities for a private skate session. Well, it wasn’t really something forbidden. But Yuuri was cautious, and had trusted Phichit not to tell Ciao Ciao he was still using the spare keys to access the rink without having to rely on their coach. After knowing Yuuri for nearly five years, he knew his friend had the compulsion to skate whenever anxiety was gnawing at him. That, or work on his ballet repertoire, but the ice rink was more accessible than the dance studio they trained at. Of course, Phichit wanted to tag along sometimes, or wanted to ask if Yuuri was secretly working on something cool. Yet he knew to give Yuuri space, especially when he has been depressed since the GPF at Sochi, and had seen for himself Yuuri’s spark for the ice diminishing. If he kept trying to push through, Yuuri would withdraw from him, and that would be no good for him. Past experiences had taught him that, back when he was not as familiar and in tune with Yuuri’s sensitivity and needs.

Yuuri had always told him not to worry, and that he could work things out through his body, and it was true. He hoped Yuuri could find the answers he needed as he had some time for the rest of the season to think of his next steps. Yuuri was still grieving. He just needed time. And that was why Phichit did not tell him what he really hoped Yuuri could do for him when he had apologized for not being able to fly to Taiwan to watch him compete at the 4CC in person. What he would have said, teasingly, was that all that he asked was to have Yuuri compete with him at the next Grand Prix Finals.

It had been his lifelong dream to skate to songs from The King and The Skater. He was that much closer to fulfilling it. And with his third place winning even though he did not have quads in his programs, he could chase the next part of his dream in skating to the musical at the Grand Prix Finals. The last part though, the cherry on the top, so to speak, was to compete alongside Yuuri. Of course, Yuuri was aware of his dreams to compete with his best friend at the GPF, and skate to the best musical series of all time. He had shared it many