already busy work schedule or, at the very least, another web conference. 

Iglesia continued. “And now, a statement from the Prime Minister of Canada who has also played a vital role in the drafting of the proposal and the Amendment scheduled for a vote later on today.” 

The Prime Minister of Canada was a fairly young man with a noticeable aura of enthusiasm and surety. He smiled cheerily at his peers and immediately launched into a passionate speech about the Amendment and the importance of it being implemented. Yuri noticed that the man had a particularly strong accent from speaking French and he wondered how someone could sound attractive on the grounds of his voice being so soothing to listen to. He pressed his lips together and quickly shuffled through the small stack of papers sitting in front of him to find the informative essay on the Amendment that had been prepared for all attendees.

“We have garnered support for ourselves. We have the support of over one hundred countries around the world but it isn’t enough. Accountability cannot be replaced by merely sending someone here to agree with what this summit says only to return home and contribute nothing. This Amendment is so very important; the legally binding nature of it ensures that we will achieve of our goal of a secure nuclear future. For those who were invited but did not come… it is a shame. A shame that will not see us succeed. They want us to fail because they seek power beyond their own means and they will do anything to grasp onto that power and not let go. By approving this Amendment today, we will show those who will not stand with us that we are strong, that we are united, and that we will see a secure future for the sake of ourselves and our great grandchildren. Canada stands behind the Nuclear Security Summit and its goals and we always will.” 

Applause. The Prime Minister of Canada charmed his audience and he was receiving the political equivalent of a standing ovation in an uncomfortably cramped conference hall. Yuri fidgeted in his seat and lowered his gaze, feeling less than spectacular about his earlier remarks on the behalf of Japan. He could only aspire to be such a passionate speaker with the power to enthrall his listeners. To distract himself, Yuri quickly skimmed over the essay again and weighed the benefits of such an amendment in his mind as the American ambassador prepared to speak again. 

“It is crucial that we approve this Amendment today and that countries adopt it. Our strength comes from our ability to work together as one unit and we must all be accountable. We cannot afford to slip up, ease our efforts, or become too lax in our policy. I want to stress that this Amendment will ensure that our efforts are not in vain because when we hold ourselves accountable, our success is more likely.” 

Iglesia leaned back slightly to take in atmosphere of the summit so far. He received another round of nods and clasped his hands together on the table. 

“Shortly, we will hold a vote to ratify this Amendment. I hope that we are able to be successful in this endeavor today.” 

And, true to his word, after a few more additional comments from the representatives of other countries primarily located in the Middle East followed by a short break, Iglesia called for an official vote to ratify the legally binding Amendment. The efforts of The Nuclear Security Summit’s most influential countries were not in vain: The Amendment passed without a single vote against it and its ratification proved to be a truly victorious event for the coalition. Afterwards, a group photo of the representatives was taken outside of the consulate building and Yuri was thankful for the fresh air and much-needed break. 

“How overwhelming…” Yuri sighed and leaned back against the cool concrete of the structure, eyes closed. 

“Hey! Mr. Katsuki, isn’t it?” 

Yuri’s eyes immediately snapped open and felt so silly, leaning there where anyone could see him. He saw the figure of the Prime Minister of Canada standing in front of him and the feeling of intimidation set in quickly. He bowed in apology and felt his face warming slightly with embarrassment.

“Yes! I’m sorry for spacing out. Did you need me?” As Yuri stood up straight, the Prime Minister merely shook his head and smiled cheerily. 

“Not necessarily. I just heard that this summit was one of your first meetings as a new ambassador and I wanted to congratulate you. You did very well, Mr. Katsuki.” 

The Japanese man’s face slowly heated up as blood rushed to his cheeks at the praise. It was something he was used to, probably more than he would ever admit. His fingers curled with anxiety into his palms and his nails dug into his skin like needles. 

“Thank you… I don’t think I performed nearly as well as you, sir. Your speech was so enthusiastic and passionate; I wish I could speak so eloquently but I find myself stumbling over words or losing track of what I’m saying. Embarrassing, isn’t it?” 

Yuri lowered his gaze from the handsome man’s face and stared at the ground, finding interest in a small worm inching