Hmm, well in my family it only means something like ‘thanks for the food’, or like, ‘let’s eat’. But I know in other households it has a more religious feel to it,” he explained.



Viktor grinned again, then put his hands together and closed his eyes, “

Eatadakeemasoo

.”



He internally winced at the butchered pronunciation, but was touched nonetheless. Caught in the moment, he found himself leaning forward and pressing a warm kiss to his boyfriend’s cheek.



The other man leaned into his touch, his smile widening, “Oh 

yagodka

 you are too sweet to me.”



Yuuri snorted and returned to his food, in denial of any sort of heat on his face. He took a bite of the small portion of curry, noticing immediately that it tasted just like Mom’s. 

He probably grabbed some leftovers from the fridge

, he thought to himself.



Other than that, everything seemed to be freshly cooked. From omurice to stroganoff--it was an oddly pleasant meal. He would have never thought to eat both Russian and Japanese dishes in one meal, but he was glad he did. 



It reminded him of their relationship, how there was such an unexpected blend of culture and personality that, at first, might seem a little strange--but after some time and dedication it was delicious.



They didn’t speak much throughout the meal, but they huddled closer together to warm up and feel each other.



Yuuri set his plate down in front of him and rubbed his belly, satisfied. He looked over the hill from where they had set up their picnic, gazing at the town below. He could see the ninja castle from here, along with a thick cloud of steam that was undoubtedly from Yuu-Topia. He could use a good soak right about now--maybe when they got back they could take a nice, long bath together in the outdoor hot spring.



He felt an icy finger graze his right pinky, then slowly lace with the rest of his fingers. Their hands were stiff and frozen, but their hearts were plenty enough to warm the rest of their bodies.



In silence, they watched time go by in front of them.



“I love you, you know?”



Yuuri rested his head on Viktor’s shoulder in response, nuzzling into his neck through his thinner scarf. “I know. I love you too.”



He felt a light weight on top of his head as Viktor rested his cheek there and heard a hum resonate from his throat.



“When we’re married I want to take our children here every weekend for a picnic, just like this.”



Yuuri felt a knot tighten in his own throat and he pressed further into Viktor’s neck. 

When

 they’re married, not 

if.

 “Mm. I’d like that,” he replied, pressing kisses into his shoulder and neck.



“Mine will be running around and trying to play with everything, yours will be right by our sides’ watching carefully.”



Yuuri pulled away a little and looked up at Viktor with an amused quirk of his brow. “Yours and mine? What does that mean?”



Viktor smiled, “We’ll have two children: one of them will be from my sperm and the other from yours.”



Yuuri laughed and shook his head. Though the word sperm was hardly romantic, he was still feeling intoxicated from the sweetness. “You’ve thought this far ahead, huh?”



Viktor lifted the hand he was holding up to his lips and placed a kiss on each knuckle. “Of course, 

moy pyranichek

. I’m always thinking about you.”



Yuuri felt himself melt a little at the tenderness. He sighed contentedly and settled down so that his head was resting in his boyfriend’s lap. He felt him begin to softly card his fingers through his hair, other hand still holding his. “Tell me more about our children,” he almost hummed.



The Russian man looked up at the sky, a softer smile on his lips. “Well, they definitely love to ice skate. They were never the competitive type of siblings like you normally see, they just support and stick up for each other. One of them wanted to go professional, like us, but after they saw old pictures of us after practice they 

quickly

 changed their mind.” He chuckled at the end, then looked back down at Yuuri’s face. “Yours has your eyes and your love, everyone thinks they’re an angel.”



Yuuri smiled softly up at him and brought their interlocked hands up to his lips for a quick peck. “They sound amazing.”



Viktor leaned down and pressed their mouths together, moving their lips slowly and sweetly. They were making loud kissing sounds, but neither of them could hardly care. Viktor had to break away, though, from his uncomfortable position. 



He stretched his back and winced, but shook it off with an airy laugh. “I’m not nearly as young as I was, am I?”



Yuuri sat up and positioned himself to sit on the other’s lap, facing him. He took Viktor’s head in his hands