in surprise at the unexpected answer. "Why would I leave you?"

"I don't know... I mean, our relationship before was coach-student, and there were lines that I could not cross. Now it's a different relationship, I'm just afraid that I can't make you happy."

Yuuri smiles, mostly to himself than to Victor. Then he takes Victor's hand, tangling their fingers.

"Victor, do you know how I feel?" Yuuri asks, but it’s a rethoric question. "For me, it's like a dream. You were my idol, my reason that I choose skating career. My life has always revolved around you. I always dreamed to be on the same ice as you. You were like god to me. Then you magically appear in my parents' house to be my coach. I... had no idea that I asked for it in the banquet" Yuuri's face redden at the memory. "Having you as my coach is unbelievable, then having you as my fiance..." Yuuri covers his reddening face. "I can't describe how happy I am. Everyday is like a dream, and I have no reason to leave you or feeling unhappy in our relationship. Truth is, I feel like, I can't make you happy."

Yuuri is not used to express his feelings, but he forces himself to do it to ease Victor's worries. Besides, he needs to express it so they can be on the same page in their relationship. Yuuri truly loves Victor, as a figure skater, as a coach, as a friend, as a lover. Victor is more than he can ask for. And it's truly unbelievable that Victor feels inadequate to Yuuri.

Victor stuns at Yuuri's confession. He smiles gently, eyes gazing down to their interlacing fingers, to the golden rings that embellish their ring fingers. He brings Yuuri's hand to his lips and kisses it gently. 

"Yuuri, if I ever made you sad or upset, please do tell me" he begs.

"I will. You have to do so too" Yuuri smiles.

The cloud in Victor's heart is clear now. He just needs to be ready to ask about Lucas Colton.

Their walk to Alexander Garden is filled mostly in comfortable silent. They simply enjoying each other presence, feeling each other’s warmth that interconnected through their fingers. Their hearts warm and complete. Now that he thinks abou it, it's ridiculous to worry about whoever is Lucas Colton. It feels like the mysterious man is not exist.

They spend the entire afternoon in Alexander Garden. Sitting on the bench, feeding the pigeon, enjoying the cool breeze. This is the kind of relaxation that they rarely do, and will do for next. It's calming and relaxing.

They walk home after the sun set. They cook dinner together, half playing while to do so. It feels domestic that it feels so right. Then they lounge in the couch. Yuuri leans on Victor's chest while they watch whatever is on air in the television. But they mostly spend their time kissing each other, forgetting the broadcast.

Yuuri falls asleep midway. Victor has to carry him to bed, tucks him under the cover and makes sure Yuuri feels warm enough. Then he grabs his cellphone, texting Phichit.


Victor: 'Phichit, do you know Lucas Colton?'


Probably the Thai skater knows who is this person. He noticed another message comes to Yuuri's cellphone that's being charged next to Victor's. From Lucas.


'Hey, Yuuri. I haven't heard from you. What about coffee? Tomorrow at Galleria Shopping Mall at 10? I'm looking forward to meeting you. I missed you.'


Victor's eyebrow furrows at the last sentence.

Galleria Shopping Mall. It's not too far from their rink venue.

Another buzz of a cellphone, this time's Victor's.


Phichit: 'What about that asshole? Why are you asking about him now? How do you know?'



Victor: 'Asshole? That guy is contacting Yuuri. Said he's in Russia now and asking to meet him in Galleria Shopping Mall. He said he missed him.'


Phichit's answer comes only in couple of second.

Phichit: 'How dare he contact Yuuri again? That asshole shattered Yuuri's heart mercilessly, then left him. Yuuri was so devastated that he almost killed himself! In any case, Victor, do not ever let Yuuri knows anything about Lucas again.'

Victor stares in shock. His eyes gaze back to Yuuri who's sleeping so peacefully beside him. So beautiful, so fragile.


Victor: 'What had he done? If I may know.'


Phichit: 'This guy approached Yuuri during our college in Detroit. He was one of the scholarship receiver. He dated Yuuri for couple of months only to take advantage of him. You know Yuuri is so innocent, he didn't know what this guy intended to do. He used him