to sign for you?”

“Marina, and here.”  He knew she was a fan, so it wasn’t that embarrassing when she reached into her bag and pulled out a magazine with a recent interview about Carabosse and the fairy tale he was telling through his skates.  Georgi took it and signed it.  “Thank you so much!  I should probably get home too.”

It wasn’t until she got home that she looked at the autograph.  In addition to his signature, there was a message: To Marina – the lovely writer and fan who brightened my day with her sunshine.  Underneath the signature was a number.  It looked like a phone number.  Her fingers trembled as she typed it into her phone, and she had to retype it and the text she sent several times.


Is this what I think it is?




Is this Marina?




Yes.




Then if you think this is Georgi, it is.



Sequel to yesterday's fic, where Georgi made a friend at a cafe and they bonded.

Tags: Georgi/OC, ambiguous dates, friends to lovers?

Marina had no idea what was happening to her life, but she loved it.  After the day in the café, she had been texting Georgi Popovich frequently.  After Nationals, where Georgi took the bronze medal behind Yuri Plisetsky and Viktor Nikiforov, who could not possibly be human.  After being out of skating for nine months, Viktor had programs up to his usual production standards, if not his usual skating standards.  The sad part was that Viktor Nikiforov on an off day skated well enough to beat nearly everyone else in Russia.  His win over Plisetsky was questionable, but it was also close, so Marina wasn’t going to argue too much.

With bronze, Georgi would be going to Europeans and the alternate for Worlds.  Marina sent him a congratulations text and Georgi responded quickly.  The next day, her doorbell rang.  There was no one outside, but there was a stuffed bunny on her porch holding a plastic-wrapped pink tulip.  There wasn’t a note or any indication of who sent it, but Marina had a guess.  She took a picture of it and texted it to Georgi.


Is this from you?




Yes.




Thank you!  It’s lovely.


Despite his busy training schedule, Georgi initiated a weekly café date – not that it was a date, really, just getting together to drink tea and talk about skating and watch people.  The second week, Georgi mentioned that he’d bought her books and started reading them.  Marina couldn’t believe it.  He seemed interested in them.

Georgi didn’t do as well at Europeans as Marina had expected.  His programs seemed a little off.  After the free skate, Marina texted him.


Is everything okay?




I’m fine.  Yakov warned me this would happen when I told him what I was skating this season.




What happened?




Getting over Anya’s made it harder to connect to the program.





The emotion that used to come so naturally doesn’t anymore.





If I have to skate at Worlds, I should be able to fix it by then.





I didn’t realize how bad it had gotten until the short program yesterday.





That was a disaster.




Have to skate at Worlds?




Well you know I’d like to.





But not at the expense of Viktor or Yuri.



Once again, a couple days later, Marina heard the doorbell.  There was another bunny, this one with a red tulip.  She picked it up with a goofy smile and set the bunny beside the other one on her nightstand.  This time, she didn't need to ask.

Café days continued.  They lasted longer, now that Georgi had more time to relax, and after one stretched out to late in the evening Georgi insisted on taking her out to dinner.  This one felt almost like a real date, especially when Georgi walked her home afterward.  She immediately sat down and called her sister, and her sister agreed that this sounded a lot like a date – except that if it were an actual date, he’d probably have tried to kiss her.

The next week, Georgi surprised Marina again – this time, with an invitation to come to his house and watch Four Continents with him.  “You’re interested in Four Continents?”

“Of course!  I’m friendly with many of those skaters, and Yuuri’s my rinkmate now.”

“Okay, then.  Sure.  Sounds like fun!”

When Marina’s sister heard the news, she flailed and insisted that this had to be a date.  He’d invited her to his house!  After ten minutes of cringe-inducing advice, Marina finally hung up on her and dove into her writing to distract herself.

Despite her repeated attempts to convince herself this wasn’t a date, Marina couldn’t stop herself from taking extra care picking her clothes and doing her hair.  She grabbed her laptop and phone, along with the bottle of wine and the cookies she’d baked.  Georgi was very appreciative.  He’d cooked breakfast for them both.  Between skaters,