care.

The Alpha tears himself out of his day dreams to catch the lopsided smile on his lips and a towel to the back of his neck courtesy of Chris for blocking the entire counter.

The razor and cream get banned to the back of his bathroom closet. He does have an awful tendency of hiding things in closets when it comes to Yuuri, he notices. The Blanket. His razor and cream. His crush. A great portion of his dignity. Every ounce of shame he had ever possessed. Might be worthy to look into that. Maybe propose it as his Bachelor Thesis... He's sure there's a logical psychological explanation.

That set of thoughts brings him back to his bedroom which he had aired out while showering to get rid of the clingy scent of the night before.

He wanders around aimlessly for a moment, straightening out the text book on his desk he paid way too much for and has never looked into and all in all trying to act as if the Blanket is not lying on his bed. So he carefully balances the dirty dishes in his arms and brings them into the kitchen, gathers the empty plastic wrappers of his study snacks and throws them out and finally sweeps his fingers across the backs of his books to clean them off of dust. He will have to acknowledge It sooner or later...

With a soft sigh Viktor turns and eyes the bed.

His pillow needs a fluffing up and his blanket smells of sweat and hormones so he throws it into the dirty laundry hamper before finally fixing his attention on the crumpled up blue softness that's lying in a rumpled mess on the bare sheets. His hands are gentle as he folds it, stroking over the nesting blanket until all wrinkles are cleaned out and returns it into The Bag to be hid again in the depths of his pitch of regrets. After all he can't present Yuuri with a messy gift to court him with once he gets to that, that simply won't do!

A tiny bit more of his dignity joins The Bag in the closet.

Though... he doesn't feel ashamed to realise how something Yuuri had never touched has managed to calm him down better than anything else just because he associates it with the younger man.

If anything he kind of expected that. Still, it's another sign of his obsession and he can already see himself lying awake at 3am pondering why he is such an extreme creep and why there are three es in Mercedes which are all being pronounced differently. Mostly he'll ponder about Yuuri though.

...that might make a good Thesis too.

After that last moment of calm the day finally truly does begin. And Viktor throws himself into it like a man abandoned in the desert on his way to the only water source.

(He is kind of thirsty. In every sense of the word.)

To the Alpha it doesn't matter that Yuuri knows about the dinner, Viktor still wants to make it a surprise, an occasion to remember as their first grand date on which they will look back some day with fond amusement when they are old and still in love. He wants to make it special, to impress.

The Alpha in his chest is stretched out and squinty eyed, pleased at the prospect of caring for his Omega, taking care of his needs and feeding him, providing for him.

It wants and wants and wants and so does Viktor.

But Viktor wants a lot of things and they don't always go as planned.

It starts with him not being able to find an appropriate recipe. Or well he finds countless appropriate recipes but half the words written in them are unfamiliar to him and he's not in the mood to learn the difference between mixing and gently folding something in. And who thought he would need a degree in advanced French to be able to cook anyway?

He should go with something safe, he decides. Just, there is nothing safe when it comes to Viktor and his culinary skills. A doubtful glance to the ceiling.



The spot is still there.

It's turned a bit greenish...

Viktor does not need that kind of negativity in his life though and looks back down to google how to cook Undo. Apparently it's not called Undo.

He googles how to cook Udon.

It does sound simple. Doable. Even for him. And he's in the past burned water. Except that he does not own any Udon noodles. Or Chinese cabbage. Or oyster sauce.

Viktor is a genius that manages to surprise even himself sometimes with the depths of his airheadedness.

He wastes a good portion of midday that way, anxiously checking the clock every few minutes. Yuuri won't be home before their agreed time of seven he had said and while that still gives him enough time at the moment Viktor does not keep himself under the illusion to be good at time management. 



Organisation altogether is not his strongest point. It's not even one of his average points. 

With a couple of choice words directed at himself in Russian Viktor locks his phone and scouts his cabinets for his groceries, lining them up on the counter in front of him and