out of the bedroom happily and barrels over to Chris.

“Christophe~” Victor coos, grabbing Chris’ arm and pulling him into the hallway outside their apartment.

“Why are we in the hallway?”

“Yuuri can’t hear us out here!” Chris knits his eyebrows together incredulously. “Don’t give me that look. Did you ask him?”

Chris explains the situation and Victor stifles his laughter. 

“He really burned himself when you asked him? I guess you're right about the nervousness,” Victor offers and Chris rolls his eyes.

“I know. Now let’s go back in and eat dinner, you big dork.”

So they do, and Chris can’t take his eyes off of Yuuri.

“Staring is rude, you know,” Mila says as she skates up behind Chris.

Chris chuckles then says, “How could you not stare at them?”

She tilts her head in their direction.

“They are quite a sight,” she agrees. “How's living with them?”

Chris smiles fondly at Yuuri and Victor.

“It's nice.”

this is 70% sex, 30% feelings.

sorry that this is like 6 months is late ;-; life is hard

anyway please enjoy!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Victor is in the middle of the two younger men. Yuuri is lying face down on Victor’s right and Chris is drooling on Victor’s chest on his left. Chris is heavy but warm so Victor doesn’t mind. There’s sunlight streaming through the curtains on the wall. Judging by how bright it is, they should be getting up soon for training.

“Chris,” Victor whispers, careful not to wake Yuuri up yet. “Chris, wake up.” He’s whispering right in Chris’ ear which tickles him awake.

“Mm is it time to get up already?” Chris asks, voice low and groggy. He opens his eyes to see Victor already bright eyed and smiling. Chris pushes himself off of Victor and sits cross-legged facing the Russian, blanket still draped across his back. Victor hands him his glasses.

“Good morning, amor,” Chris whispers as he gives Victor a soft kiss on the hand that holds his glasses.

Victor smiles, feeling his heart swell with love, “Good morning. Thanks for being quiet. Let’s talk in the kitchen.”

Chris considers asking about what but decides he doesn’t need to know, at least not yet. Besides, it’s too early in the morning to question Victor’s antics.

Instead, he gets off the bed, slips on some briefs and a robe, and follows a very naked Victor into the kitchen. Victor’s nudity doesn’t bother Chris, it never has, but he does find it rather amusing how shameless the man is.

Victor jumps up and sits his bare ass on the counter, gripping it and swinging his legs. Chris starts making coffee and tries to ignore how beautiful and chipper Victor is in the morning.

But it’s hard. Sunlight is streaming through the curtain and hitting Victor just right so that he’s practically glowing. He looks angelic, pale skin and blue eyes glimmering. Before he can stop himself, Chris kisses his beautiful lips, raking his hands in Victor’s perfect platinum hair. Even his bed-head is gorgeous. Victor is unfair.

While Victor loves the attention, he has something to say.

“Babe,” Victor says, breaking the kiss. “Let’s talk about Yuuri.”

Ah, there it is. The reason Victor woke him up. “One of my favorite subjects,” Chris replies, putting a K-cup into their Keurig. “You want one?”

“Yeah, do we have any of that hazelnut stuff left?”

“No, Yuuri drank the last one like a week ago. We have French vanilla and pumpkin spice,” Chris answers, searching the drawer. Victor groans at the second option. Apparently Chris is the only one that likes pumpkin spice. Yuuri dislikes even the smell of it but Chris thinks it’s like autumn in a cup. “Vanille française c'est.” [French vanilla it is.]

“Merci chérie,” [Thank you darling] Victor says. “So Yuuri,” he begins with sparkles in his eyes.

“What about him?” Chris asks, pulling two mugs out of the cabinet above the Keurig.

“Well~ shouldn’t we get started planning your date?” Victor sings.

Chris sighs at that. He wants to do this alone. He wants the date ideas to be entirely his own. It would be easier to let Victor do the work, let him make the plans so that if it flops Chris can just blame it on Victor. But if it goes well then Chris can’t take any credit. He knows that Victor means well but can’t Victor mind his business.

Well, Yuuri is his business.

Chris sighs again.

“Hey,” Victor says as Chris pulls his coffee out of the machine and puts Victor’s in, “what’s