movie actor Georgi Popovich or something.

Well, anything to get themself out of posing; Guang-Hong has a distaste for being a subject in a photo series. It's partially because of their concern of being disappointing and partially because they hadn't done it before and, well, didn't want to look stupid.

"It's a shame," complains Phichit as the two of them sit at a small table in the local café sharing a pastry.

Guang-Hong nods in agreement as they poke at the danish at the center of the table. "Yeah," they agree. "Shame." They're more fixated on the pastry than what Phichit is saying, which he promptly picks up on.

The silverware clicks with the impact of Phichit's elbows as he drops his weight onto the table. "Which means...?" He begins, a playful lilt to his voice, and Guang-Hong winces slightly. They'd made that agreement thinking that they'd be able to actually find someone to pose for Phichit. But, in this sleepy town tucked away in the fields, there couldn't have been even two hundred residents, so they probably should've known better.

That being said, they didn't, so Guang-Hong sighs and nods grudgingly, squishes down the aversion that bubbles in their chest. "Which means," they conclude, "I'll pose for you."

 


iii.

 

The flower-fields aren't a long walk away from the village, three winding cobblestone alleys and two forks in neatly-kept gravel paths to the first field where daisies stem shyly from the long grasses and little clusters of poppies dot patches of the land. The sky is blanketed with a cover of pale grey clouds that hang low over the scape, and the electric scent of rain hangs distant in the air.

Phichit looks over and smiles. "So," he says, and the syllable lilts easily, naturally, "this is the place?"

“Maybe,” Guang-Hong replies, looking to the faint shadow of the hills rolling in the distance, made obscure and faint with the presence of a pearly mist that swathes the lands, generously; there’s a rift between the stretches of hills and a valley’s river winding through the split. The scene, idyllic as it is, holds some sort of melancholy resonance, some static tension to the air, almost hauntingly. They shiver, a bit—early spring’s not yet unkind to warmth, and neither to cold—and tug at the lapel of their claret raincoat, looking back over to Phichit.

Appreciatively, Phichit hums and reaches for the pack Guang-Hong’s slung over one shoulder. “Perfect, then,” he says, taking the black bag and kneeling down on the ground. “Can you,” he continues, not looking up as he rummages through the bag, “walk out a little way to the center of the field? I’ll take some from a distance and a few close-up afterwards.”

Guang-Hong nods (although Phichit won’t see it) and sets down the umbrella they were carrying in their other hand, stepping carefully over patches of vermilion poppies and carefully pushing their way through the long grass. It brushes up a little below their waist; Guang-Hong’s not the tallest person around, standing at precisely one-seventy centimeters (bless their end-of-high-school growth spurt) and they’re not the shortest either, rather a comfortable medium in-between. When they’ve put a few dozen meters between themselves and the edge, Phichit calls out to stop and they do, pausing half-turned to Phichit’s camera.

“Hold that,” calls Phichit from the place where he’s assembled his camera, and Guang-Hong complies. “Good choice with the raincoat—” Phichit adds after a few moments, still taking pictures, “—it matches everything, too.” He’s not yelling, but the cadence of his voice carries clear across the fields. It resonates, in the silence, and when the words are lost to the echo it sounds like a call from a dream.

 

 


iv.


 

When Phichit finishes with taking photos from a distance, he gestures for Guang-Hong to move back. “Careful,” he yells over the distance, “everything is slippery.” Guang-Hong nods in assent and begins to carefully pick their way back again, their fingers numb from standing still in the mist.

There’s beads of condensation on their raincoat that glisten as they move, drips down their collar occasionally and leaves the feeling of frostmelt on their skin. Guang-Hong doesn’t mind that much. Although irritating, it’s something that keeps them awake, wide-eyed and observant, and for that they’re willing to sacrifice even the least mundane of comforts in a place like this; they’d noticed, while in the field—the charge in the air isn’t just from the eminent rains.

They push their way through the grasses to the edge of the field. When they see