can sense that, because he’s still, hardly breathing.

Yuuri leans down to kiss it, to feel it pulse, to suck gently, and Viktor exhales slowly, then inhales sharply when Yuuri’s lips trail to his cock. He jerks, all fear forgotten, and his breathing quickens, his body trembling.

Yuuri finds himself wishing yet again that Viktor could see his face. He wants him to see the hunger. The bloodlust. But no, he'd rather surprise him. That’s far more frightening.

He kisses his way up and down the length of him, pausing to lick and suck slowly at his balls, then makes his way back up to the head, and he hovers, breath ghosting against it, and Viktor is so tense, nearly vibrating, and when Yuuri takes him completely, Viktor screams, bucking into his mouth.

“Fuck, Y-yuuri!”

Yuuri sucks slowly, teasingly, and he lets his razor slide against Viktor’s skin again. He makes small nicks along the thighs, careful not to stray anywhere dangerous. Viktor trembles hard, twisting, nearly sobbing, and growls in frustration when Yuuri pulls away.

He freezes again when the blade presses against his cock. Utterly frozen, silent. Yuuri presses it flat against him, so very carefully, and watches with great satisfaction as Viktor struggles to keep still. Yuuri keeps the blade pressed flat against the base of it, then leans down slowly to press his lips to the head. Viktor’s cry is muffled behind his sealed lips, and Yuuri can feel him fighting not to twitch when he licks and sucks.

Yuuri feels himself tremble slightly in anticipation as his lips wrap around Viktor’s cock. He wants to ride it. He wants to ride it until it breaks.

He rises and, before Viktor can even grunt in frustration, he slashes the blade down against his thighs again, letting the blood flow, and he brings it up his body now, tracing lightly but still hard enough to mark, and when the blade reaches Viktor’s throat it nicks it once more, and Yuuri’s mouth catches the glistening fire.

His bloodied lips meet Viktor’s again, his tongue pushing in, and Viktor accepts him in eagerly, moaning into his mouth.

“You taste so good,” Yuuri whispers against his lips as he pulls away, leaving the other man breathless.

Yuuri reaches for another thing they’d laid out on the dresser. He grabs Viktor’s hand, coating his fingers thickly with lube, then starts to guide him back, far back, and when Viktor blindly grabs onto his ass, Yuuri leans forward to whisper again.

“Finger me.”

Viktor obeys, and he slips a slick and trembling finger inside of him. Yuuri lets out a shaking breath as Viktor moves slowly in and out. Oh, yes.

He bucks his hips slightly as Viktor slips in another finger, sliding in and out faster, deeper, and Yuuri moans, spreading his legs wider, pushing back, letting himself be stretched further.

“Just like that. Good,” he breathes, then rises, and Viktor’s fingers slip out of him as he pulls back to drizzle lube thickly onto Viktor’s cock. Yuuri freezes, watching it drip down onto his thighs, watching it mingle with blood. He licks his lips.

Viktor’s impatient whine is cut short when Yuuri’s fingers squeeze around his cock. He pumps him slowly, watching him squirm and pant. But not for long, because he himself is squirming, his desire raging through him.

He mounts him, and as he positions himself he grabs up the razor again. It presses into Viktor’s throat, making him gasp in the middle of his long moan as Yuuri presses down onto him.

“Fuck,” Yuuri hisses, sliding himself down Viktor’s cock, and when it’s deep inside him he rolls his head back, panting, squeezing himself around it.

Viktor gasps again, his chest heaving, thighs parted and quivering, and his hips jerk when the blade nicks his skin. Yuuri moans, pressing the blade over and over, wanting to feel him jerk inside of him. 

The blood dribbling down the other man’s neck makes something inside Yuuri snap, and he drops the blade for a moment, his bloody hands grabbing onto Viktor tightly, and he raises his hips to slam them back down. Viktor throws his head back, crying out as Yuuri rides him hard, and the sound makes Yuuri ride faster, his own cries drowning out Viktor’s.

He feels Viktor shaking hard underneath him, and when he feels hands grope at his thighs, he stops. Viktor freezes and draws his hands back, terrified. 

Yuuri lets the stillness and silence linger, watching Viktor squirm helplessly, then he speaks.

“No,” he says softly, “that’s okay. Grab me. Now,” he adds, as Viktor hesitates. He feels large and firm hands grab onto him, squeezing his waist, trembling in fear and desire. Yuuri shivers.

“Grab me harder.” Viktor obeys.

Yuuri slowly reaches