you Yuuri?" Phichit asked.

" I can't read his mind or at least...I don't know...I came into contact with him and was near him enough that I should have heard something." Yuuri confessed as he began to pace back and forth in his apartment. He shakingly runs his hands through his hair, making it slick back, a habit he normally has when he's confused.

" Wait, what? Yuuri are you serious?"

" Yes I'm freakin serious. I heard nothing. Nani mo.Nada.Rien.Nichego." Yuuri sputtered, going as far as saying nothing in all the languages he knew to get his point across.

"Okay okay, I get it , you didn't hear anything. Well you know what this means right?" Phichit asked as if the answer was obvious.

" No I don't know what this means. If I had an inkling of what the hell this meant, we wouldn't be having this conversation." Yuuri sassed, becoming slightly annoyed with Phichits statement.

" Yuuri do you want my help? Yes or No?"

"......Yes please."

" Good, about your situation, you are going to have to test this theory. Meaning you will have to interact with....huh...What's your neighbors name again?" Phichit asked, seemingly remembering that he had never asked.

" Oh,um, I think he told me his name was Victor Nikiforov." Yuuri answered hesitantly. He was unprepared for the sudden fan girl scream that came next.

" OH MY FUCKING SHIT. MY BEST FRIEND GAVE A GOD A BONER!!!" Phichit screamed through the phone. It was so loud that Yuuri had to yank the phone away from his ear in order to not damage his hearing.

" Calm down Phichit! What the hell do you mean that I gave a god a-a b-boner?" Yuuri stuttered, finding it hard to say to say the word boner.  

" Yuuri. My best friend in the whole world, you are neighbors with the legendary figure skater Victor Nikiforov!" Phichit squealed into the phone, excitement clear in his voice.

" Victor is a celebrity?" Yuuri couldn't help but gulp as he felt even more mortified.

" Victor is a god on ice Yuuri. Your ass just gave the hottest bachelor, freakin skating legend, sexiest man on earth, a fucking boner. Please when I see you, can I please touch it? It's a freakin honor to know my best friend's ass gave such a legend a boner. Oh my god I have to post this shit on instagram." Phichit declared as Yuuri can hear the faint snap of a picture being taken and fierce typing.

" Phichit! Please don't!" Yuuri whined, desperately wishing he could really disappear.

" Too late." Phichit teased as a notification showed up on Yuuri's phone. The little shit even tagged him on it too.

Yuuri couldn't help but facepalm as he looked at the post. Phichit was smiling like the little shit he was in the picture. Underneath the picture it read;


OMG GUYS, MY BEST FRIENDS ASS GAVE Victor Nikiforov A FLIPPING BONER!!!


  @YuuriKatsuki 

" I am going to kill you." Yuuri threatened as he sat down on his couch.

" Oh Yuuri even when you threaten my life you are still cute. Now about your problem all you have to do is test your theory, like you are going to have to spent time with Victor. Also when you and Victor become best friends, remember to get me an autograph. Anyway I have to go or else Ciao-Ciao is going to make me run 10 miles. Bye and remember the autograph." Phichit hastily said before hanging up, leaving an extremely embarrassed Yuuri by himself.  

To add more salt to the wound, Yuuri had the "best idea ever" to google Victor Nikiforov on his laptop.

Yuuri let out a dramatic groan as he stared at the 2 billion search results infront of him. His eyes scanned through the endless articles and pictures about/of his apparently famous neighbor. 

The most recent article read : VICTOR NIKIFOROV RETIRING?


" After winning his fifth consecutive Grand Prix Final, rumor has it that Victor Nikiforov is taking a year off from skating. Sources say that this has been confirmed by his Couch Yakov Feltsmen, stating :



" Vitya is taking a year off from skating in order to figure out his future. No matter what he picks, I will always be proud of him."



It is yet to be known where the Skater will be spending his year at, but all we know is that the skating world will not be the same without the legend ......."


Yuuri spent the rest of the night reading article after article, learning as much as he could about Victor. He even bothered watching one of his short programs called Eros. He couldnt take his eyes off Young Victor as he glided on the ice, letting the music take over his body. The 23 year old's heart couldn't help but race as Victor landed his first jump, a quad-double toe loop combination. His eyes widens with amazement