the hell was wrong with my boyfriend.”

“You think there’s something wrong with not wanting sex?”

“No, I think there’s something wrong with letting your boyfriend screw other people when he’s supposed to be in a committed relationship with you.”

“I hope your boyfriend agrees with you, then.  Or whoever you end up with.”  If Yuri grew out of this angry punk phase and ever figured out how to let someone love him.  Why Viktor was so determined to mentor the kid, Chris had no idea.

The wedding was perfect.  Small, quiet, full of roses from Chris’s garden.  Nothing like what anyone would expect.

Chris reads his own fanfic.  He gets very confused by one of his ships.

Warnings: speculated but unconfirmed Phiciaociao

Chris was never one to let sense stop him from doing something that looked fun.  Reading fanfic?  Looked like fun!  Naturally, there was a ton of fic about Viktor, but Chris was quite pleased to find himself starring in his own fair share of it.

There was quite a bit of overlap.  He and Viktor had known for years that people believed they were fuckbuddies, if not boyfriends that were just keeping it secret so they could maintain their reps as playboys.  They usually played along with winks and hints and teasing, so it was no surprise at all when Chris read stories about himself and Viktor in a romantic or sexual relationship.  Or having a one-night stand.  With Viktor’s new boyfriend, there were a lot of stories casting Chris as a jealous ex or as a threat to Viktuuri with Yuuri’s insecurity nearly causing the end of the relationship.  Those were funny.

Naturally, Chris’s reputation being what it was, there was fic about him with a lot of other skaters.  With Georgi, with Michele, with Sara, with Michele and Sara at the same time… Chris had to read that one, and was somewhat relieved to see that it was just a typical “hot twins at the same time” fantasy and not a “Chris is an excuse for Michele and Sara to fuck each other.”

The one that confused him… “Who the hell is Masumi?”

Josef looked up from his phone.  “Are you still reading that stuff?”

“Yeah.  There’s a ton featuring some mystery guy named Masumi.  Do you know any Masumis?”

Josef shrugged.  “Sounds Japanese.  Ask Katsuki.  Or isn’t Phichit your go-to pal for fan culture?”

“Phichit’s not speaking to me right now.  He discovered a small but intense community of people shipping him with his coach.”

“And?”

“And he was very upset with it and went off on me because he couldn’t blast the fans over social media, I yelled at him for dumping his crap on me, and now we’re fighting.”

“Huh.  Would’ve thought Phichit of all people would know that people who write about men getting pregnant and soulmates existing wouldn’t necessarily believe that their stories are at all accurate.”  Josef’s eyes went thoughtful.  “If it weren’t Celestino, I might think Phichit’s in protest-too-much mode.  Celestino’s too much of a professional for that, though.”

“Doesn’t matter how professional Celestino is, if Phichit’s got a one-sided thing going on…”  Chris shook his head.  “Anyway, Masumi.  You have no idea.”

“I have no idea.  They say much about him?”

“Not that I’ve read yet.  I don’t want to get ambushed by being shipped with my coach.”

Josef snorted, but had no other response, so Chris texted Yuuri.  Yuuri had no idea who Masumi was either, but promised to ask Phichit.  He responded later.  “Fans couldn’t find Samuel’s name.  Someone said he looked like their friend Masumi and the name stuck.  Also, Phichit says he’s not mad at you anymore and if you’re not mad at him anymore you should text him.  He misses you.”

Chris walks in on something unexpected that makes him smile.

Tags: semi-public sex, Phiciaociao, Phiciaochris

(I blame Phayte.)

Chris stood in the doorway, staring at something he could not possibly be seeing.  Conventional wisdom said that Phichit was not interested in sex or relationships.  No one had ever had any success in asking Phichit out, and Yuuri said it was the same in Detroit.  Lots of interest from others, never any from Phichit.  And, after all, when was he supposed to have time, between his skating practice and social media empire?

And yet… here he was.  Back against the wall, legs around someone’s waist, and Chris couldn’t see for sure from where he was but it sure looked like he was getting fucked while wearing his gold medal.  If Chris had won, no one would have been surprised to find him in this position at all, but Phichit?  That was a bit of a shock.

Even more shocking was who was fucking him.  There was a lot of talk out