, and god, Yuuri’s fall open like they feel that same ache.



Yuuri chokes out a cry, and as suddenly as it started, it’s over, thin ropes of come devoured by the shimmer of water and his face a vision of bliss that begs to be kissed over and over.



But Victor cannot linger to adore it, is stealing back around the bend to the changeroom and out, out, until the spring night can cool him. But here, still, the air pierces through him until he can’t help but laugh, and the sound tastes sweet and heady.


idk how to write any of these nerds but im gonna keep hammerin at it bc I got Big Plans

more victuuri, set at the beginning of ep. 6 because I could not resist which also means warning for more drunk sex

im itchin to write some rarepair content buT THESE TWO. I FEEL PERSONALLY ATTACKED. ON A WEEKLY BASIS.

Victor falls into the cab like the arms of a lover, one who smelled strongly of stale smoke and something spicy and fried and involved bashing his nose into Yuuri’s shoulder and somewhere along the line, he’s lost the metaphor entirely but who gives a fuck. Not with the heat of Yuuri’s body against his chest, not with Yuuri’s eyes flicking open so wide and no breath between them.

Yuuri seems to shake himself, leaning around Victor to peer out the open car door. “Phichit? You…”

“Ah, sure!”

Victor suppresses a grimace; not that he doesn’t enjoy the guy’s company, but right now, it feels like an unwelcome chaperone.

“Phichit!” Guang-Hong’s urgent treble rings out like the voice of an angel, accompanied by a significantly less angelic noise from Celestino.

Phichit winces, glancing over his shoulder, then dips down to wave apologetically. “I better help get Ciao Ciao back safe…”

Yuuri starts to say something friendly but Victor interposes himself between them. “Okay, great! Have fun!” He lunges across the seat before any more cultural politeness can happen, calling an aggressively cheery, “Goodnight!” before pulling the door firmly closed. He hiccups out a laugh, guilty and delighted all at once and turning back to Yuuri who honestly looks a little relieved and so goddamn  kissable  and Victor’s having a seriously hard time coming up with any reason not to.

The driver calls a query back at them in heavily accented English, startling them both.

“Ah, sorry, sorry!” Yuuri’s hands scatter the streetlight as they wave, and Victor wants so badly to capture them, hold those broken shards of light and dark and warmth between his own fingers and press them to his lips and between and Yuuri’s still talking, stuttering a little before reaching into an inside pocket and pulling out a business card with their hotel’s logo on it. “We’re staying here…”

“Mm.” The man glances at it and then faces forward, pulling immediately into traffic.

Just like that, he disappears from Victor’s mind. He paws at Yuuri’s jacket, slipping two fingers into the pocket. “What else you keeping in there?”

“Nothing!” Yuuri seems unreasonably flustered and Victor  loves  it, drinks it in like the sweet liqueur he’d stolen a mouthful of from Yuuri’s glass earlier, something meant for savouring and god, how he’d savoured it and holding Yuuri’s eyes as the rim touched his lips and light fire ran down his throat.

“You put my clothes back on.” Somewhere between confirmation and accusation, and Yuuri’s flush visible in the flash of streetlights and glowing windows.

“Uh…I thought it was perhaps a good idea.”

Sometimes it’s hard to tell whether Yuuri’s making some weird stiff joke at his expense, but presently, Victor’s in a forgiving mood. “I liked it.”

A sharp inhale, barely audible under the hum of the engine and the croon of some pop song, but he’s keyed to it, it seems to brush up his spine to the nape of his neck and stand every hair on end. Victor releases his own breath heavy and his hand slipping from the lapel of Yuuri’s jacket to press against his chest and he can  feel  each leap of his heart. Victor presses closer, bridge of his nose against the line of Yuuri’s jaw and lips so close to another pulse point and Yuuri shivering against him so beautifully.

And the cabbie clearing his throat irritably and rattling out a sum in the now parked car.

Victor snaps out his wallet, grabbing a likely-looking bill and shoving it between the seats. A hand closes around his wrist, Yuuri clucking chidingly at him and tugging the bill from his fingers. Victor’s ready to slap Yuuri’s money away but he just rifles through Victor’s wallet for a different bill. He snorts out a laugh, still giggling when Yuuri hauls him out of the cab and towards the hotel.

The elevator doors can’t open soon enough and then he’s throwing himself through with