down, grinding his cock against Viktor’s. They move together, Yuuri panting and gasping, and Viktor moaning, his hands gripping Yuuri, pressing him down harder. Yuuri moans loudly as he comes, and he moans Viktor’s name. Viktor gasps and bucks, and now they glide so smoothly together, hot and thick.

Tonight, Viktor finds himself on top of him, and their soft kisses deepen now, small noises of pleasure escaping Yuuri’s lips. Viktor breaks their kiss to trail his lips down to Yuuri’s neck, kissing gently, and his kisses travel to his shoulder, down his arm until they reach Yuuri’s hand, and Viktor kisses each of his fingers, and then his lips brush against Yuuri’s gold ring.

His kisses make their way to his other arm, down to his hand once more, and as he kisses the palm he feels Yuuri cup his face gently.

Viktor’s kisses trail lower now, down his chest, stopping to kiss his collarbones, then stopping to lightly suck each nipple, and Yuuri gasps softly, his fingers running through his hair. Viktor kisses his stomach now, and Yuuri is soft, so soft, but there’s an underlying firmness, muscles moving so smoothly. Viktor can’t resist burying his face into it, and he hears Yuuri laugh, and it’s the most beautiful sound Viktor has ever heard.

He kisses Yuuri’s thighs now, and he feels them quiver at his touch. His lips press against the sensitive skin, and Yuuri’s soft moans send shivers down his spine.

After his kisses have covered both legs, he kisses the top of each foot reverently; the beggar kneeling before the saint.

When Viktor’s lips return to Yuuri’s, he feels his tongue slip out to slide against his own, and Viktor gasps in surprise. Their tongues move so smoothly, so very gently, and when Viktor nibbles his lightly, he feels Yuuri’s lips curve into a smile.  

They move beneath the stars, beneath the moonlight that filters through the large windows, windows so large that they form walls, and they sleep with the stars each night.

Viktor draws back to look down at Yuuri, and their eyes meet, and Yuuri’s gaze doesn’t waver this time. The stars are bright tonight, so very bright, and he sees them in Yuuri’s eyes; he sees the brightness and he’s dazzled, and he feels as though he’s lost within the night sky. If Viktor had to choose a star to guide him home, he’d choose Yuuri every time. 

“You’re beautiful, Yuuri,” he breathes, “I wish you could see the way you look right now.”

“I’d rather look at you,” Yuuri says softly, and Viktor is speechless, breathless.

Their lips meet again, and as their bodies press together, Viktor feels a hardness that he instantly returns. They pant, rubbing gently together, and Yuuri suddenly threads his fingers through Viktor’s hair, pulling back from him. His eyes are determined, but Viktor can tell that he’s trying his best not to avert his gaze.

“Viktor. I… I-I, um, can we…” He loses his composure,  his eyes lowering, and his cheeks are so very red.

Viktor cups his face, brushing his thumb across his cheek. “What is it, Yuuri?”

Yuuri takes a steadying breath and attempts to make eye contact again.

“I… can we, um… I-I mean, I want…” He trails off, blushing furiously.

Viktor is patient. He always is.

“What do you want, Yuuri?”

“I want you.”

Viktor blinks down at him in surprise.

“I want you,” Yuuri continues, “I, um, I want you inside of me.” His eyes widen and he presses his lips together, as though he can’t believe he just said that.

It takes a few moments for Viktor to register this, as his mind has gone blank. He looks deeply into Yuuri’s eyes, and when he sees the desire in them, the lust, the anticipation, he begins to tremble.

“Are you sure, Yuuri?”

“Yes.”

Viktor kisses him tenderly, and he draws back, leaning to reach his nightstand drawer. When he finds the lube, he coats his fingers, then glances at Yuuri. He looks nervous, tensing up.

“I’ll be as gentle as possible. I don’t want to hurt you.”

Yuuri nods, then gasps as Viktor’s finger enters him. When two more enter, he whimpers quietly, moving his hips slightly.

Viktor covers his cock as thickly as he can, and as he positions himself, he leans forward to kiss Yuuri softly.

“If you want me to stop, or slow down, just tell me. I’ll do anything for you, Yuuri.”

Yuuri nods, trembling slightly, and his eyes widen, hips bucking as Viktor enters him. He enters him slowly, letting