Phichit knew it was hopeless, that Christophe and Masumi were committed to each other and Phichit didn’t want to share, but it didn’t stop him from being hopelessly attracted to Chris.  That “Intoxicated” routine nearly killed him.  Yuuri encouraged him to enjoy the attraction but be ready to move on.  Moving on ended up taking a turn Phichit would never have expected.  He was watching the NHK when he saw a skater dressed as a parrot.  Possibly a piñata.  A parrot piñata.

Yuuri was there to support Phichit through the meltdown of realizing his new crush was even worse than the old one.  Seung Gil?  He’d have better luck trying to get with a statue.  Statues at least weren’t rude about ignoring you.  Despite his own Viktor problems, Yuuri helped convince Phichit that it was worth taking a chance.  Yuuri was also there which Phichit had the meltdown because Seung Gil came to him.  Seung Gil liked him.  Yuuri wasn’t exactly sympathetic.  “Yuuri, you of all people should get why this is so weird!  Remember how confused you were when Viktor showed up in Hasetsu?  My turn!”

Thankfully, once Phichit and Seung Gil sorted things out, Phichit wasn’t the type to sabotage himself.  Yuuri didn’t need to strangle him.

When Husky Met Hamsters

Chapter tags: fluff, pets, hamsters, Seung Gil's dog


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

One of the hardest things about Seung Gil moving in: Seung Gil had a dog.  Phichit had hamsters.  Yes, his hamsters spent most of their time either in their cage, in their balls, or on Phichit, but occasionally, they got loose.  Bopul was usually either outside or with Seung Gil, but not always.  Phichit didn’t want to make things harder for either Seung Gil or Bopul, but he also wanted to protect his babies.

A Husky in Thailand was going to have problems.  They were bred to handle cold – Thailand, not so much with the cold.  Leaving Bopul outside most of the time was not going to work.  

Leave it to social media: Phichit posted the dilemma, and hours later, he had multiple suggestions, along with YouTube videos of dogs playing with hamsters without hurting or eating them.  He and Seung Gil watched those together, enjoying the cuteness while cuddling.

“We may have a problem letting them do that,” Seung Gil said as they watched a hamster climbing on a Rottweiler.

“The problem being Viktor is going to get lost in Bopul’s fur?  We should be able to spot Leo and Guang Hong.”

“How do you not have one named Yuuri?”

“I used to.  Yuuri died, and I got Viktor.  I let Yuuri name him.  I knew it would be Viktor, that's why I picked a silvery-grey one, but I had to let him do it.”

Seung Gil chuckled.  “That makes sense.  So how do we get your hamsters not afraid of Bopul and teach Bopul that hamsters are friends, not food?”

“Gradually.  Keep them separated, bring Bopul in on a leash, give her treats so that she learns that being near the hamster cage is a Good Thing.  The hamsters should feel safe in the cage and can get used to having the dog around.  Once the hamsters are okay, we bring them out and let Bopul sniff at them – still closely supervised, of course."  What Seung Gil had said hit Phichit.  "Did you just make a Nemo reference?”

Seung Gil looked blank.  “What’s a Nemo?”

“I guess not.  Finding Nemo, it’s a cartoon movie about fish.”

“Sounds dumb.”

“It’s actually really cute.  Can’t imagine it being your thing, though.  I don’t think anything explodes ever.”

Introducing Bopul to Viktor, Leo, and Guang Hong the Hamsters went reasonably well.  It was awkward at first, Seung Gil needing to hold Bopul’s leash very tightly while giving her treats, Phichit talking softly to his hamsters and offering them bits of carrot and celery.  “Want some, Seung Gil?”

Seung Gil looked at the celery with distaste.  “Sure.  I’ll eat some if you eat one of Bopul’s biscuits.”

Phichit laughed and tossed the celery piece to Leo.  “Just thought I’d ask.”

As the most adventurous of the hamsters, Viktor was the first one who got to face the beast up close.  Bopul was very interested in sniffing the hamster, and Phichit had to rescue him to calm him down after only a few minutes.  They tried again the next day, and this time, it went better.  Leo came out next, and timid Guang Hong was the last one introduced.

Therefore, Phichit and Seung Gil were both surprised when Guang Hong was the first one to start climbing on Bopul.  Leo joined him not long after, but Viktor didn’t seem interested at all.  He preferred to be down by Bopul’s front paws.

According to Google Translate, Bopul means "Fluff".  Someone forgot to tell Seung Gil that Fluffy is a