to take that away from you.  I’m trying to reach my soulmate.”

Seung Gil’s face hadn’t changed, but now, as he thought it through, the coldness in his eyes faded to cautious hope.  “If you’re lying to me, you’re either an idiot or an asshole.  I’ve never known you to be either.”

“You believe me?”

“I believe you.”

Phichit’s face lit up and he hugged Seung Gil, who was clearly caught off-guard but managed to get his arms up around Phichit eventually.  “Okay.  Your turn to explain something,” Phichit said as he stepped back.

“What?”

“What the hell is a Vulcan?”

Seung Gil stared at him in disbelief.  “You spent years living in America, know every meme out there, and you somehow managed to miss Star Trek?”

“Um… yes?  I got into Star Wars thanks to Disney, but not Star Trek.”

“Vulcans are a fictional race of aliens who prioritize logic above everything else.  Why’d you call me a Vulcan if you didn’t know what it was?”

“You weren’t sure if you’d remember… when you were a kid, before you became so convinced you didn’t have a soulmate, that was your code.”

Seung Gil shook his head.  He didn't remember.  “Not a very effective one.”

“Which is one reason you abandoned it.  You just hoped that it would hit you hard enough to make you listen to me.”

“I guess it was effective after all.”  Seung Gil glanced at the house.  “You realize your other friends are never going to believe this.”

“Oh, I don’t know."  Phichit linked his arm through Seung Gil's as he started inside.  "They never believed we were friends to begin with, so now the soul bond becomes an explanation for that.”

As a child, Seung Gil hated school.  It got too bad to bear when he was nine years old, but thankfully, his coach convinced his parents to let him switch to a private tutor.

It took over eight years for the memories to stop haunting him, and of course, it got so much worse right at the end.

Written for Seungchuchu Week Day 3: Head and Heart

Prompts: Late Night Thoughts, Pining, Communication

This is both Seung Gil's POV of the night on the beach, and what happened if Phichit had been just a little slower to come to his senses.  Because I couldn't decide which way I wanted to go.

When Seung Gil was young, before his aptitude for figure skating became apparent, he went to a regular school like any other boy.  He was not like any other boy, though.  He was focused, he had a natural talent for math but struggled with reading, and he had a lot of trouble making friends.  The other boys made fun of him, and forget the girls.  They had no use for the sullen boy who would rather do math homework than run around the playground.

The worst day of his life, Seung Gil had been forced to go outside with the other kids.  One of the boys was telling everyone about how his older sister’s soulmate had come to meet her, and his sister was being disgusting and nauseating and was so in love he couldn’t stand to be in the same room as her.  That led to sharing everything they knew about soulmates, and when someone noticed that Seung Gil was paying attention, he laughed.

“Do you really think you need to know any of this?  You can’t have a soulmate if you don’t have a soul, moron!”

The rest of that year had been hell.  Everyone teased Seung Gil about his lack of a soul.  At the end of the school year, when Minso Park suggested that he switch to a private tutor instead of school so that he could focus on skating, he readily agreed and helped her talk his parents into it.  If he was soulless, if he was never going to have a soulmate, then what was the point of trying to maintain friendships?

Not long after, he met Phichit Chulanont at a competition.  He and Phichit consistently placed on the podium at every competition they had together.  Phichit reached out to him, and although at first Seung Gil kept him away, Phichit’s persistence eventually got through to him.  In Phichit, Seung Gil found acceptance and someone who tolerated him, even if he didn’t always understand him.  He didn’t need much in the way of friendship, and Phichit gave him everything he did need.

 

Phichit invited Seung Gil to come to Thailand at the end of April to help him celebrate his eighteenth birthday.  If it were anyone but Phichit, Seung Gil would have said no, but he couldn’t say no to Phichit.  He also couldn’t explain to Phichit why he hated the thought.  Phichit deserved to have a soulmate who would put him first, instead of being everyone’s second-best friend.  Even Yuuri, if he ever had