silence for a while longer, watching the last glimmer of red sink beneath the horizon. The envelope hangs like a weight in Yuuri’s pocket, reminding him that Viktor has to go back, that there’s no changing it. But still, he doesn’t reach for it.

Because a kindling of hope sparks in his chest as it occurs to him that yes, Viktor is leaving, but that doesn’t mean this has to be the end. Not yet, anyway.

“I could go with you.”

Viktor’s eyes widen as they regard him. “Yuuri,” he says, voice hardly more than a breath. “Thank you, but...I can’t ask that of you.”

“You’re not asking. I’m offering.”

Viktor’s brow furrows. “But what if the portal closes again?”’

Yuuri gives a shrug that suggests more confidence than he actually has. “It always seems to open again.”

Viktor stares at him for a few seconds longer, and Yuuri’s sure he’s searching for more excuses to say no. But then his mouth breaks into a broad grin, and it’s the only warning Yuuri gets before Viktor’s pulled him into a tight hug. A shiver travels down his spine from the proximity of Viktor’s breath to his ear as Viktor murmurs, “Thank you, Yuuri.”

Before Yuuri knows it, one of his arms is reciprocating the hug, his palm pressing against Viktor’s shoulder blade. “Of course,” he says.

“GROSS!”

They pull apart to face the blond-haired boy at the entrance to the kitchen. His lip is upturned as he grouses, “So, are we going to eat dinner or are you two content to starve us all to death?”

Viktor laughs. He takes Yuuri’s hand in his own and effervesces, eyes bright, “I’m so happy you’re coming with us. I can’t wait to introduce you to everyone! They’re going to love you, I know, just as much as-”

“HEY! DINNER!”

Viktor laughs again. He rises off the bench, tugging on Yuuri’s hand to pull him up as well. Their fingers remain tangled as they head back into the kitchen. There’s supposed to be a time limit to these things, Yuuri thinks, before they become uncomfortable. He’s not sure what it is.

He also doesn’t care.

 

Light has barely flooded the horizon by the time the four of them--one prince, one grouchy teenager, one dog, one Yuuri--line up in front of Yuuri’s closet. Everything’s ready and prepared; Yuuri’s informed his family and Phichit that he’s going on a short trip with Viktor and Yurio and will be out of cell range.

But his stomach still churns.

Even after all these years, the portal still feels like a stranger. It’s finicky, unpredictable, and Yuuri has no guarantee that he’ll be able to return to his family anytime soon. Or ever. He tries not to dwell on that latter possibility. The knot in his stomach tightens and he fails to suppress a gulp.

He startles as a hand just grazes his, and he looks up to meet Viktor’s eyes. Viktor offers a small smile. “You don’t have to do this,” he reminds Yuuri.

But Yuuri only shakes his head. He reaches for Viktor’s hand, seeking the warm touch again, and Viktor’s fingers eagerly intertwine with his. It’s apparently the only answer Viktor needs. He squeezes Yuuri’s hand and, together, they step through the portal.

And we're off to the Land of Ice and Snow!

This update came a little later than I would have liked, but here it is now! (In hindsight, shooting for a Saturday update was pretty dumb considering my flight got back Saturday night, but hey, I can't be expected to remember my own travel plans.) The next update might take a bit longer as well, since I haven't had a chance to even start on the next chapter. But I'll have it up for you guys as soon as I can! Thanks for your patience these past couple weeks, and as always, for your wonderful comments and kudos! :)


Land of the Living



            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

There’s a distinct chill in the air, so familiar it incurs a pained nostalgia in Yuuri as he slips through Viktor’s dangling linens. The armoire doors open to reveal a bedroom no less opulent than Yuuri remembers it, stuffed with unnecessary furniture and lavish decoration. As a child, Yuuri saw it as a symbol of that royal, unattainable facet of Viktor; now, Yuuri finds it completely incongruent with the Viktor he knows.

He nearly remarks on the passage of time since he was last here, but then Yurio brusquely shoves past him, and Yuuri remembers that his past isn’t something everyone is privy to.

Yurio doesn’