events of what happened last night flooded through my head.

Viktor knows now, he said he wouldn't leave me...but what was that kiss all about? I tried to get out of the bed but since Viktor's arms are still around me I couldn't move, he has a strong grip. "Yuri." Viktor mumbled in his sleep. I blushed what was Viktor dreaming about?

"Viktor wake up!" I said shaking Viktor slightly. Viktor groaned and snuzzled his face into my shoulder, I blushed and tried to get out of his grip. When I finally managed to get out of his grip and took a body pillow and set it in my place.

I got on my shoes and sweater and went outside to take Makkachin for a walk. I'm really pathetic a 24 year old who self-harms. Afraid of highschool memories, so when his tormentors show up he gets scared. Which makes everything hell for him.

I sighed and looked out to the ocean. This brings back those kind of memories. "Ohh! Is that Yuri?" A very familiar voice said. Almost instantly my hands started shaking. "Aww what's wrong Y-U-R-I?" He said with a wicked smile. I swallowed, Makkachin started barking at him. He laughed, "Did you get a new dog? Fatass."

~Flash back~

The blood in my mouth tasted like metal and my eye sight was black. I couldn't see anything. "What's wrong Fatass? Going to cry to your cupcake wife?" They mocked. I couldn't cry though I was just used to this. There was no more tears.

~End of flash back~

"Yuri!" Another distance voice yelled. Viktor was running towards me, why did he have to come now out of all times?

"Is that tour boyfriend? Fatso." He said with a ugly smirk. Viktor's expression darken, the arua around him wasn't friendly anymore. I gulped, I don't think we're going to have a friendly talk. The Makkachin growled at him, like master like dog.

"What did you just called Yuri?" Viktor's chilled dark voice asked. I never seen Viktor so mad before. It was like his eyes were shooting bullets at the guy. Viktor's hand was clenched so tight that his knuckles were turning white.

"Did you not go to highschool with him? His nickname was Fatso." He told Viktor. "Anyways we haven't meet before, I'm-" He was cut off by Viktor punching him in the face.

"Viktor!" I shouted running up to him, Makkachin ran up to him and started barking at him. "Viktor, stop!" I yelled trying to get Viktor off of him. I grabbed Viktor's hand before he could land another punch on him. I pulled Viktor's hand towards me causing me to fall back and land on the floor taking Viktor with me. The guy stood up and ran off.

"Are you ok?" I asked Viktor taking his bloody hand to my face.

"Yuri, why didn't you tell me you were being bullied?" Viktor asked, I gulped. "Are you a M?" Viktor asked.

"M?" I asked. What's that's Viktor stood up and pulled me with him. "Viktor?" I questioned. Viktor didn't say anything as we walked back home. As soon as we got home, Viktor tossed me over his shoulders. "Viktor! What are you doing?" I shouted.

Viktor carried me up the stairs and threw me on my bed. Viktor closed the door and got onto the bed with me, hoovering over me. I felt myself blushed, "Yuri. Are you an M?" Viktor asked again, his face dangerously close to mine.

"I don't know what that is." I told him. Viktor smirked, "Then I'll show you." He said taking my shirt off.

"What wait?" I asked in shock as Viktor's hands roamed my chest. "Nee Yuri, do you play with yourself?" Viktor asked asked in a hushed tone. "Hah, mgh." I moaned as Viktor's hand squeezed my nipples.

Viktor then started to suck on my nipples his hands going further down. "Viktor." I moaned as he bit the top of my nipple. My hands gripped his head and pressed it more to my chest. Viktor smiled slightly then pulled his face up towards mine. "My my." Viktor said, "Maybe you are an M." Viktor then stopped touching me and left the bed.

"Viktor?" I Squirmed, Viktor came back with a tie and blindfold. He came back on the bed, "Turn around." Viktor said still holding the items. Confused and sexually frustrated I turned on my stomach. Viktor's hands grabbed mine and I could feel cloth like being tied around both of my hands and binding me. Viktor turned me back around and then tied the blindfold over my eyes so I