King and Queen.

Once they left he entered the room, walked past the cooks and servants hurrying from one fireplace to the other, and headed towards a calmer zone in the back of the room, looking for something to eat.

He turned a corner and stopped mid-track when he realised he wasn’t alone.

The mysterious dancer Victor had travelled the-fuck-knows-where for was leaning against the table, an apple in his hand. He was about to take a bite, but stopped mid-track when he noticed the blond boy. He lowered his arm as a wide smile grew onto his face, put his breakfast on the table and extended a friendly hand towards the younger male.

“Hi! It’s finally nice to meet you, Victor told me a lot about you! My name’s Yuuri!”


Wait a goddamn second.


Yuri glared at the black-haired boy, and was quite pleased to see the other’s expression falter a bit.

“Listen, pig, I’ve already been forced to be here against my will and act like some kind of dancing monkey for the royals because of that old man, now I won’t let some crappy someone like you steal my name too. So stay. the. fuck. away. from. me,” he growled through gritted teeth.

He picked up the apple the other had left on the table and took a bite, glaring at Yuuri one last time before turning his back towards the Hasetsu skater and heading out of the room.

Once he was out of the door, the blond dancer shook his head. He swore it seemed like everyone in that fucking castle had set ‘Drive Yuri crazy’ as their personal goal. He had been there for less than a day and had already experienced several things that were bound to make him go out of his mind, so many he could have made a list.


Reasons I will probably lose my mind before staying in this castle more than a week:


 

Yuri sighed. There were only three things that managed to calm him when he was pissed or had too many thoughts spinning around in his head: playing with his cat, eating grandpa’s pirozhki and practising.

Now, Annushka had ran away the day before as soon as they had settled down at the royal palace, and was probably still busy exploring the huge gardens, sprinting up and down the halls and stairs of the servants aisle of the castle looking for mice and sneaking into the kitchen to steal something to eat, so the first option was out of question.

It wasn’t that late in the morning after all, and if Yuri had enjoyed the first night in a comfortable bed after years, he could only imagine what kind of blessing that would turn out to be for his dedushka’s back, constantly proved from sleeping on a hard wooden bench and clopping up and down for distressed streets in the caravan, so the young performer decided to let his grandpa rest a bit more. He would have looked for him later, to help him prepare lunch and talk to him about all of that craziness, since he still hadn’t had the chance to do so.

Having excluded pirozhki too, there was only one thing left to do in the hope to take his mind off the too many thoughts that were crowding it at the moment.

The blond male wandered a bit for the corridors of the castle, until he found himself in a desert alley, standing in front of a door that seemed more sober than the ones he had seen around the palace before, its wooden surface decorated with bass-reliefs representing delicate branches and small leaves climbing on the door until they reached its frame. Yuri almost expected them to go further, to continue on the wall, like real plants growing in a place they were not supposed to, but that somehow was perfect for them.

The door was smaller than the royal-bed sized ones he had quickly noticed were the norm there, too, and Yuri was feeling his attention helplessly gravitating towards it. He needed to open it.

He got closer and closed his hand firmly around the handle, before stopping himself and loosening a bit his grip as his brows furrowed and his expression turned doubtful. Maybe that was someone’s bedroom. It would have been unlikely true, since both the royals’ and servants’ chambers were in sides of the castle opposite to where he was , but he still didn’t want to risk storming in to someone minding their own business or getting changed.

The young dancer knocked, hoping to not hear any answer.

He didn’t.

He released a breath he didn’t realise he had been holding in the first place, his expression suddenly relieved. He slowly opened the door and looked inside, only to feel air getting stuck in his throat again.

The room was beautiful.

It had a light wooden floor that reminded Yuri of his beloved caravan as soon as he stepped on its surface, and a smile spread across his face as he moved his toes, feeling the familiar material through the soles of his slippers.

The wall opposite the door was completely covered by