that Yuri could wrap his legs around otabek's waist. There wasn’t the physicality that Yuri had come to associate with being kissed by Otabek.

He wasn't taking the initiative, Yuri realized. Frustrated, he twisted his fingers in Otabek's hair and yanked. Otabek yelped, and Yuri nipped at his bottom lip.

“Come on,” he said, meeting Otabek’s startled look with a glare. “Come on, Beka.”

Otabek stared, and then intensity shifted back into his expression, and Yuri felt a ripple of excited warmth respond in his own groin. He started to grin but Otabek was already kissing him again, harder this time, with more teeth the way Yuri liked it. Yuri melted into him and was rewarded with otabek's hands on his back and his ass, supporting him, keeping him close.

Otabek walked them into the bedroom and then shoved Yuri towards the bed, tossing him with enough force that he bounced a bit upon hitting the mattress. Yuri didn't have a second to contemplate how being thrown onto a bed made him feel like a character in a trashy romance novel (but in a good way, somehow) before Otabek was on top of him again, one of his thighs bracketing Yuri’s hips and his hands planted on either side of Yuri’s neck.

He kissed a line down Yuri's throat, pulling his t-shirt to the side to access skin that was covered by Yuri's costumes when he skated--the only places they allowed each other to leave marks. Then Otabek was traveling further down Yuri's body until he was kneeling on the floor between Yuri’s legs, and Yuri let his head fall back and gasped.

Otabek blew him with a single-minded intensity, sliding his mouth most of the way down Yuri’s cock right away and then keeping up a steady rhythm without pausing to use his tongue or catch his breath. His hands were on Yuri’s hips, keeping him from thrusting too hard and making Otabek gag, and as much as Yuri wanted to move he liked being held down more.

He let himself be loud, because he knew Otabek liked it (“you yowl like a cat,” he'd told Yuri the second time they'd had sex, and Yuri had hit him with a pillow), and he felt Otabek's fingers flex on his hips when Yuri cried out. When Otabek pulled back far enough to mouth the head, he let Yuri push the tip of his cock into the roof of his mouth, over and over until Yuri grabbed clumsily at Otabek's head and came. 

Yuri didn't let go until he was spent, dazedly realizing as his body went limp on the mattress that he'd been clutching Otabek's ear, of all things. If Otabek minded, he didn't say anything, just pressing a kiss to Yuri’s hip before wiping his mouth and climbing back onto the bed.

They both had most of their clothes still on. Yuri rolled lazily onto his side as Otabek settled next to him, and made a pleased sound when Otabek took the hint, spooning him.

Yuri could feel the hard bulge in Otabek's pants when he pushed back. Otabek was working already, tugging Yuri's pants all the way off and coaxing Yuri to lift his arms so that his shirt could be peeled off. Yuri heard the sound of Otabek unbuckling his own belt, felt Otabek move slightly back in order to get his own clothes off. It was a little slow and awkward doing this when they were both lying on their sides but Yuri didn't feel like moving. He liked looking at the wall in front of him and listening to the rustle of Otabek's clothes, the hitch of his breath behind him.

And then they were skin to skin, and Yuri felt Otabek's dick (already a little slippery with pre-come) slide against the crease of his thighs. Yuri bent his knee and slid his leg forward to give Otabek better access, and then felt Otabek’s fingers rub behind his balls and circle his asshole.

The lube bottle was still in the covers somewhere after being tossed carelessly aside last night, and Yuri found it after not too much groping in the sheets, handing it back over his shoulder to Otabek.

Otabek’s dick was pretty big, which was why he was usually careful to use his fingers a lot beforehand and use plenty of lube. Yuri appreciated the thought, but he was impatient right now and not in the mood to beg and plead to be fucked the way he had last night. Otabek seemed to be of the same mind, though, because he slipped his two fingers out before too long and Yuri felt him grip his thigh instead, lifting Yuri’s leg up to get the angle right. It would be easier to do this in another position, but Otabek seemed to want it this way, and Yuri found it kind of exciting.

Otabek huffed a laugh into Yuri’s shoulder. “You're pointing your toes,” he murmured. “I can feel