exactly planned.  Emil just happened to notice that there was a frayed cable on the elevator.  He quietly pointed it out to Sara, who immediately volunteered to run down to the store and get them some alcohol, if they’d be sweethearts and take her bags to their room and she’d come get them when she got back.

Sure enough, the cable snapped as Michele and Emil rode the elevator.  Thanks to safety measures, the cable was clamped after only falling a short distance, but it meant that Michele and Emil were trapped between floors.  Michele let out a groan and texted Sara while Emil hit the emergency button.

“It’ll be an hour or two while they get all the rescue equipment and services in place,” Emil told Michele.  “Get comfortable and wait it out.  That’s about all we can do.”

“How are you so calm about this?” Michele grumbled as he took a seat in the middle of the elevator.  “Shouldn’t we try to escape?”

“Nah.  Too much chance of us making things worse.”  Emil sat beside Michele.  “I go bungee jumping and skydiving and stuff all the time.  You should come with me next time I go bungee jumping!  Or mountain climbing.  It’s fun.”

“And if I come you’ll be able to convince Sara to do it?”

“Sara’s a big girl, she can entertain herself for a few hours while we do something fun without her.  Somehow she doesn’t strike me as an extreme sports fan…”

“And I do?”

Emil shrugged.  “Is it wrong of me to want to share my hobbies with you?”

“No, but… oh, I get it.  This is your plan to kill me or hurt me badly enough that I can’t stop you from hooking up with Sara.”

“You are so paranoid!  No, this has absolutely nothing to do with Sara!  If I wanted you dead, I’d have said you should go cliff diving with me!”

Mickey glared at him, not appreciating the joke, so Emil held up his hands and sat back, giving his friend time to chill.  By the time he was ready to try again, the rescue team had showed up.

 

Attempt Three: The last day of the road trip, Sara found a carnival and suggested going.  While they were there, Emil suggested a trip on the Ferris Wheel.  By now, Emil was getting incredibly frustrated and desperate.  If he didn’t manage to make this happen now… he was giving up.  He loved Michele, but Michele couldn’t be this dense, could he?  So dense that after everything the past two weeks, he still thought Emil wanted Sara?

Apparently he could, because every ride, he made sure to sit between Sara and Emil if possible, or if the seats were for two, Sara and Emil were in different seats.  He’d sit with either, more often with Sara to prevent strange men from sitting beside her, but sometimes Sara would take a seat with a strange girl to make Michele sit with Emil.  At least if she was with a girl, Michele didn’t seem to mind so much.

Sara dragged them to the Ferris Wheel.  Michele was the first one into the bench.  Sara winked at Emil.  “I really, really need to go to the bathroom!  I’m sorry.  Emil, go ahead, I’ll meet you back here?”  She didn’t wait for an answer before running off, so Emil sat beside Michele.

Michele was halfway to his feet. Emil grabbed his arm and pulled him back down.  “Sara’s a big girl.  She hasn’t needed help going to the bathroom in years, I am absolutely certain.”

“She’s all alone!  What if someone…”

“Mickey, sit DOWN.”  Emil jerked his arm a little more roughly than necessary.  “If someone hits on her, she can say no if she’s not interested.  If they won’t let it go, there are security guards.  If she is interested, she’d be pissed at you for interfering.  She’ll be FINE, just ride this stupid thing with me.”

“You’re okay with it if she’s interested?”

And that was it.  Emil was officially done with this idiot.  “Sara is a good friend and I love her like a sister.  I’m not interested in her romantically.  I have never been interested in her romantically.”

“What about the time I caught you checking out her butt?”

Emil had forgotten about that.  It was three years ago, he'd never done it again, why did Michele even remember it still?  “She’s safe.  I was kind of going through a bit of an identity crisis after discovering I prefer guys’ butts.  We’ve known each other twelve years and you still haven’t even figured out I’m gay?”

Michele stared at him, mouth hanging open, blinking like he’d never seen Emil before.  It would’ve been