that Viktor is a little… impulsive, shall we say?  And nobody does extra like Viktor Nikiforov.”

“It’s Vegas.  Isn’t that what Vegas is for?” Yuri asked.

Leo shook his head.  “Vegas is for a lot of things.  One of which is getting married without any kind of waiting period.  Get Yuuri drunk and let Viktor see one of those chapels, how the hell do we keep them from going to one?”

“Yuuri’s parents would kill us all!” Phichit said, covering his mouth with both hands.  “We have to keep an eye on them, that’s all.  Yuuri’s too fun when he’s drunk to make him stay sober, and there’s no way to stop Viktor from being Viktor, so we just have to babysit them the whole time.”

“Yeah, because that won’t get annoying,” Yuri groaned.  “All the time?”

“Well, obviously, we’ll leave them alone if they’re safe in their room and not going anywhere, nobody needs to see that.”  Phichit laughed.  “I’m pretty sure Yuuri will cooperate easily, and I’ve been making him give me his wallet when we go out drinking since we were in Detroit together.  As long as he’s not drunk, Yuuri will be an ally in Operation Keep Viktuuri From Getting Married Before Their Wedding, so he’ll keep Viktor under control and make him go along with giving us their IDs and money before Yuuri starts drinking.”

It had worked exactly like Phichit said.  Yuuri had been terrified at the thought of jumping the gun, and even Viktor seemed scared enough to agree to the plan.  His only explanation: “Minako.  Mari.”  For two days, everything had gone perfectly.  Today was their last day in Vegas.

It seemed that everyone had been worried about the wrong people.

 

Yuri tried to remember.  The morning had been normal.  Lots of sleeping in, meeting up for brunch, and then hitting a casino.  He’d started drinking around 3, though not heavily.  Then Viktor had called bar crawl, and Yuri couldn’t remember anything clearly after Otabek had grabbed his hand.

“Come on.  Chris and Phichit have the Drunken Impulse Twins, they’ve got Mari, Leo, and Guang Hong for backup, and you’re too drunk to take in there.”

Yuri looked where Otabek was pointing and burst into laughter.  JJ and his wife were there.  “I bet they saw us all having fun on Instagram and JJ still hasn’t learned to take a hint!”

Otabek grinned.  “Probably.  Either way, I do not want to get thrown out of a Vegas bar, and we would be after I joined in when you started the fight.  Let’s go find our own mischief.”

After that, there were… flashes.  Dancing with Otabek, of course.  The only way they went to a bar or a club and didn’t end up dancing was if Otabek had to work, and even then, they’d usually find some time to steal while Otabek took a break.  He vaguely remembers kissing Otabek.  That wasn’t something they usually did, but he’d been wanting to for years.  Besides, at least the way he was remembering it, Otabek started it.  So he’d probably be okay with it.  He remembers pointing out a wedding chapel to Otabek and laughing at how it was a good thing Viktor wasn’t with them.

“Yura…?”

Oh shit.  Otabek was awake.  “How’s your hangover?”

“I hate Phichit.”  Otabek pulled himself up and looked at his phone.  “What the fuck.  Why do I have hundreds of notifications?”

“Um.”  Yuri grabbed his phone.  “Check your hand.”

Otabek looked at his right hand and froze.  “Yura?”

“I don’t know.”  He opened his Instagram.  “Yeah.  Looks like we’re married.  And like someone who was too drunk to have any goddamn sense, I posted publicly on Instagram.  Sorry.”

“For?”  Otabek started looking through his notifications.  “My mom says to tell you hello and thank you for saving the family either a trip to Russia or a Kazakh wedding.”

“Huh?”  Yuri sat down beside Otabek.  “She’s not mad?”

“No.  Amir and Rayana both did the big traditional wedding, and we’re pretty sure Dariya will too.  Remember Rayana’s?"  Well, that was a relief.  Yuri loved the Altins almost as much as he loved Otabek, but he remembered Rayana's wedding.  Otabek had asked him to come the previous summer, and it had been a lot.  Yuri was used to attention, but he was perfectly okay with having missed out on that one.  "I’m a lot more worried about what Viktor’s going to do to us than I am about my family.”

Shit.  Viktor was going to throw a fit.  “Should I delete it before Viktor can see it?”

“That depends.”  Otabek tossed his phone back onto the