shameless anymore. He spread his legs a little wider and grabbed Viktor's face to kiss him, rubbing his dick against the knee that was still wedged between his legs. Viktor quickly took advantage of Yuuri's sudden bravado and kissed him back with such an appetite for him that seemed to grow by the second. Soon after that, all of the groping, kissing, moaning and gasping was making the air around them hot and it was getting uncomfortable to keep their clothes on. 

"Y-Yuuri, may I?" Even by now, Viktor wasn't as level headed was he was before. Most of the blood in his head had gone down south so he could only think of doing one thing right now and he hoped Yuuri wouldn't stop him. 

Yuuri could do nothing but nod his head yes because he was too shy to speak, plus his face was so flushed, he looked nearly feverish. But when he felt Viktor fumbling with his belt buckle trying to get it to unfasten, he nearly lost his cool again. 

"You okay?" Viktor finally asked once he could put his hand down Yuuri's shorts and he felt the boy's legs tense and squeeze around his arm that was in between them. 

"Y-Y-Yeah," Yuuri stuttered breathlessly. He was trying to calm himself down but he was just way too overwhelmed. "I'm fine."

"Hmmm. Maybe I shouldn't tease you so much. Your body doesn't seem to be adjusting." To Yuuri's dismay, Viktor's knee stopped playing with him. Even through it was over his underwear, Yuuri was close to coming more than once from the way Viktor was touching him so brazenly. 

"No, no, I need—I mean, I don't...want you to stop," said Yuuri, trying not to sound too desperate but at the same time, he couldn't deny his lust for that much longer. He knew he wanted Viktor in the worse way, but it was hard dealing with these new feelings. These new desires. How could he tell Viktor what he wanted without sounding too vulgar? Yuuri didn't know what to do at this point. So, he was hoping Viktor did.

“Does that mean you want more?” Viktor’s voice sounded deeper and more sensual once Yuuri felt his voice go through his ears and course down his spine, making him tremble a little bit. A lot, actually. So much so that Yuuri couldn’t respond to him and Viktor was growing a little too impatient to wait for an answer, so he threw Yuuri’s shirt over his head rather quickly. Viktor was in awe and stopped in his tracks when he saw Yuuri’s slender, yet lean and cut abdominals and pecs. They were sculpted and framed in a shape that could and would only fit Yuuri. He looked absolutely delicious.

Yuuri noticed the way Viktor was gawking at him, and dear lord, there might as well been a thousand eyes watching him. But he knew Viktor understood and would take care of him. And for some reason it turned Yuuri on even more to know that. He didn’t realize just how badly he wanted this man up until now, and maybe he was just suppressing everything for the sake of their professional relationship.

But they were way beyond that realm.

“You’re so beautiful,” Viktor whispered, only letting the tip of his fingers touch and feel on Yuuri’s chest, playing with his nipples a little bit until they got hard, and then working his way down in the middle of his tummy. “It’s a miracle that I’ve been able to keep my hands off you for this long.”

Wow. Viktor was talking about Yuuri as if he put the sun in the sky. It was flattering to hear, but Yuuri wasn’t sure if he deserved to be treated so royally. He made the mistake of looking away from Viktor for a moment, out in space, wondering just how the hell he got to this point.  

“Something troubles you, Yuuri?” he was asked. “Every time I try to go further with you, you hesitate. I don’t want to do this anymore until you have a clear mind.” Viktor then got off Yuuri and sat beside him on the bed. He then gently took Yuuri’s fingers and intertwined them with his. “Talk to me.”

Viktor was so close to Yuuri’s face, he could hear him breathing. It was a bit unsteady since Yuuri was sure that Viktor wanted to have full blown sex, and Yuuri felt so bad about denying him that. It’s not that he didn’t want to do it. . . but—

“Yuuri, tell me what’s wrong. Tell me what’s bothering you,” Viktor spoke up again, this time a little bit more firm, and squeezing his hand. “I wanna know if I can make it better.”

“I don’t know if you can,” said Yuuri. “It’s just so weird