giving you tips for getting me through the anxiety attack I was going to have when we met and teaching you enough Japanese that you could find your way to Yu-Topia, but I know that it can’t have included anything you wouldn’t have done with me when I was awake.  Aside from getting honest answers that didn’t have to get filtered by my anxiety, anyway.  From that first day you showed up in Yu-Topia, I’ve trusted you completely, and you’ve only ever shown me respect.  You can’t have taken advantage of me.”

“It’s still not quite the same.  You’re not taking advantage of me, you’re taking advantage of a situation where you don’t have to go through my mental block.  Just like you were able to be open because your anxiety wasn't interfering, without my brain getting in the way, I'm perfectly ready to have sex with you.”

"Brains are dumb sometimes."  Yuuri smiled up at Viktor.  “There’s still the problem of wanting us to remember the first times together, instead of me remembering this dream and you remembering out there.  Besides, how else am I supposed to both learn the quad flip from you and surprise you with it?  I know I won’t get it tonight, but I can make enough progress that you’ll be surprised when I start practicing.”

“You’re skipping the Salchow?”

“It’s easier, but I can’t learn it from the person who did the first ratified one.”  Yuuri winked at Viktor.  “Unless you’re scared that if I master the quad flip, you won’t be able to beat me anymore…”

As expected, that lit a fire in Viktor's eyes.  "I'm not scared at all.  You're on."

Yuuri has a great 18th birthday.

Timeline: November 29, 2010

Yuuri woke up to whispers in Japanese.  Viktor was telling him how lucky he felt that Yuuri was there beside him, dreaming of him, and how much he loved Yuuri.  “You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”

Yuuri opened his eyes and smiled up at Viktor.  “Even the gold medal at Worlds?”

“You were a part of that.  The gold was nice, but sharing the podium with you made it ten times better.”  Viktor kissed Yuuri.  “Good morning.  Did you have a good dream?”

“The best.  No surprises, just you.”

“Good.  Not that I’m surprised by that, but there was a possibility…"  

Yuuri reached up to Viktor's hair to play with.  "I don't think there ever was a chance.  I can't imagine anyone getting between us.  We're too close."

"I know, but soulbonds have a way of surprising people."  Viktor ran a hand over Yuuri's arm.  "Do you want to get up and do stuff or stay in bed for a while?”

“What time is it?”

Viktor looked over Yuuri's shoulder at the clock.  “Nearly 10:00.  Places will be open, but there’s no hurry.”

“You’re the one who’s got plans for the day.  You tell me what we’re doing.”

“All right.  I think we should go ahead and get up.  I remember being more tired than usual after skating after my dream, and all we did in my dream was talk.  A little skating, but nothing that I’d expect to tire us out.  You have better stamina than me, but you also probably had a more active dream.”

“Now that you mention it… I tired a lot more easily than usual on your birthday.  Nishigori thought it was me being lazy for once and pretending to be tired so I could go stalk social media to see any reports about your soulmate.”

Viktor laughed.  “Did you?”

“Yes.  I even went looking for English or Russian sources because I knew the Japanese sources wouldn't say much unless you'd already made contact.  A younger boy who wasn’t Russian.  When I showed her, Yuuko teased me with ‘what if it’s you?’ but I didn’t think there was any way.”  Yuuri ran his fingers through Viktor’s hair.  “And then you showed up, and my life has never been the same.”

"Mine either."  One last kiss, and then Viktor pulled away to get out of bed.  “If you get tired and need a break, let me know.  Birthday naps are allowed!”

 

Viktor took Yuuri shopping, as Yuuri had expected.  He didn’t go too nuts, at least, not by what Yuuri had been afraid of.  A lot of where they went nuts was in buying presents for Yuuko’s girls, or Nika, or Yuri and Natasha, or the dogs.  Viktor snuck in buying things for their apartment, once they found one, and buying Yuuri some new clothes.  They did make time to visit the Seine