Phichit much, it didn’t stand out as unusual.

The summer Phichit was sixteen, Yuuri and Viktor invited several of their friends out to visit Hasetsu with them.  Christophe and Phichit both came, and the night they arrived, the four of them went down to the beach for a bonfire after a wonderful dinner of katsudon.

“Hey, Yuuri!” Phichit nudged his friend.  “Have you ever taken any pole dancing classes?”

Viktor spat out his beer, and Christophe thought he was going to choke.  Yuuri turned a lovely bright red.  “No!  Why… why would you ask that?”

“Because!  I think it might be good for you!”  Phichit looked curiously at Viktor.  “Something wrong, Viktor?”

“No.  No, everything’s fine.”  Viktor’s voice was a little higher than usual, and he was definitely avoiding Chris’s eyes.

“I don’t see how dying of embarrassment is supposed to be good for me…” Yuuri said.

“Well, it’s just, my instructor said that when she first started, she was incredibly shy and hated her body.  After a while, it made her more confident in herself.  It made me think of you."  Yuuri's redness started to fade a little, and Phichit grinned.  "It’s a great workout, too!”

“Did you say your instructor?  You’re taking pole dancing lessons?” Yuuri asked.

“Yeah!  I just started right after my birthday, so about six weeks now?  It’s fun!  My instructor says I’m a natural, but that’s probably just…" Christophe choked again, and this time, Phichit must have heard something.  "Chris?  Are you okay?”

Christophe got to his feet and ran.  When he finally slowed down, he heard footsteps and heavy breathing behind him.  He turned around, hoping it wasn’t Phichit.  He couldn’t deal with that.  Thankfully, it was Viktor.  “Sorry.  I just couldn’t…”

“I know.”  Viktor patted his shoulder reassuringly.

“I’m going to have to explain, I suppose?”

“Probably.  I told Yuuri and Phichit to stay there, but they’re going to want to know what’s going on eventually.”

Christophe sighed.  “Damn.  Wait, Yuuri doesn’t know?”

“No?  You didn’t tell him, did you?”

“I kind of assumed you would.”

Viktor gave him a wounded look.  “I am capable of keeping a secret, you know.”

Christophe knew.  Viktor had done a great job.  He was just surprised.  “From Yuuri?”

“Yes, from Yuuri!"  Christophe was still a little skeptical, so Viktor admitted, "He knows that I know, but that you’re not telling anyone, so he’s never asked.”

“Huh.”  Christophe had finally caught his breath from his run, as had Viktor.  “Come on.  Before Yuuri convinces himself that this is his fault.”

Viktor laughed.  “I don’t know how he could.”

Yuuri and Phichit looked very relieved to see that Christophe was okay when he and Viktor got back.  “I’m sorry.  Whatever happened, I’m sorry,” Yuuri said.

Christophe and Viktor exchanged a look, Christophe smirking, Viktor exasperated.  Christophe took his seat and turned to face Phichit.  Thankfully, he’d practiced regularly, so that he’d be ready when the time came.  He said the phrase Phichit had taught him in the dream.

Yuuri and Phichit both started giggling.  “Do you have any idea what you just said?” Phichit asked.  “Because I can’t believe it’s what you meant to say.”

Chris turned a little pink.  “You said you’d translate it for me when you heard it.  Why?  What did I say?”

Yuuri started giggling harder, but Phichit immediately sobered up.  “Would this have been about three years ago?”

“Yes.”

“Like…”

“Yes.”

“Wow.”

Christophe's flush deepened a little.  “So… you said you’d translate?”

“Hamster farts smell like cookies," Phichit said with a shit-eating grin.

Viktor started snickering.  Even Christophe had to smile at that.  “Well, you did promise me it wasn’t something dirty.”

Phichit's smile faded as he studied Christophe.  “What I don’t get is why you picked now.”

“Well, see…"  Christophe rubbed his neck.  "It’s the pole dancing.  I’ve seen you dancing before.”

“You… oh.”  Phichit’s eyes widened.  “Awkward.”

“Yeah.”  Chris cleared his throat.  "I have to say, I agree with your instructor."

“Phichit?  What’s going on?” Yuuri asked.

Phichit turned to look at Yuuri.  “The next two years are going to be incredibly awkward.  You and Viktor never seemed to have any trouble, but Chris and I…”

Yuuri tilted his head, staring quizzically at Phichit.  It was extremely clear the second Yuuri figured it