going?




Spain.  It’s a work thing.




Me too!  I’m going to be in Barcelona.  I earned the trip.




Barcelona?  Wow!  Me too!




Would you want to try to meet up for coffee?  I know you’re protecting your privacy and I’m sure you have good reasons, so it’s okay if you don’t.



Mila stared at her phone.  Good question.  She wanted to, definitely, but was it a good idea?  Mila laughed at herself.  When had she ever let a bad idea stop her?


Sounds good.  I’m going to be busy, but there should be time.  When’s good for you?


As it turned out, Viola’s schedule was very similar to Mila’s.  They set a time for the first full day they’d be in Barcelona together.  If things went well, they’d have more time to hang out on following days.

When she got to the café, she was surprised to see Sara there.  Sara waved to her, and Mila headed over.  “Hi!  How are you?”

Sara twirled her hair around her fingers.  “Nervous.  I’m meeting an online friend for the first time.  You?”

“Same, actually.”  Mila looked around.  “I’m a little early, but do you see anyone with an Italian flag?”

Sara set down her coffee and stared at Mila.  “An Italian flag?”

“Yeah.  So we can find each other.”

“Like this one?”  Sara pulled out a small tricolor flag.

“Yeah, like that one.  Do you always carry one around with you?”

Sara burst into laughter.  “You must be kidding.  Vera?”

Mila’s eyebrows shot up.  Was it possible?  “Viola?”

“That’s me.  No wonder our schedules overlapped so nicely!”  Sara got to her feet and hugged Mila.  “Now I feel better about being so interested.  I think this may be a sign, don’t you?”

“Probably!”  Mila took the other seat at the table and looked around.  She giggled when she spotted Michele on the opposite side of the room.  “Did you know Mickey came with you?”

Sara sighed.  “Yes.  He insisted, and he did have a good point.  How did I know Vera was what she claimed to be?  I knew she was hiding something.  He promised not to interfere unless I gave him a signal.”  She reached out and tangled her fingers with Mila’s.  “Personally, I think hiding your figure skating was a perfectly reasonable choice.”

“You would.”  Mila turned and waved to Michele, who waved back in confusion.  “This is so funny.  Are you taking classes next semester too?”

“Yes.  Still working on basics.  I have no idea what I want to major in, do you?”

“No, I don’t.  I’d been thinking literature, but the class this semester turned out to be much more difficult than I’d been expecting.  If next semester’s doesn’t get easier, I’ll have to figure out something else.  Either way... we should have a lot of classes together again!”

Summary: Mila's a bored adventurer.  Sara's a captive princess.  Can I make it any more obvious?

Tags: Fantasy AU, fairy tale-ish, Michele is an overprotective jerk

Mila Babicheva was a common girl with big dreams and a restless spirit.  She’d been a pirate for a while, until she realized it wasn’t at all like the stories made it out to be.  Then she’d become a woodsman, building muscle by chopping trees and hauling the logs.  That bored her after only a couple months, so she became a highwayman, fighting against the corrupt nobility.  The six weeks in jail served to cure her of her romantic notions of being a hero of the common man.

Now she’d taken up singing.  She was surprisingly good at it, and it was fun.  When she got bored, she could usually find a group of travelers who would take her with them in exchange for entertainment along the road, and move on to the next town.

The summer festival was approaching, and Mila found herself in the capital city of Crispino.  There was a tournament for the knights, which sounded like fun to Mila.  The winner would receive a large sum of money and a chance to meet the princess.

Mila briefly considered entering the tournament, but discarded that plan almost immediately.  She’d be able to hold her own in the melee, she was sure, but archery?  Jousting?  No, that wouldn’t work.  What she could do, though, was take advantage of the distraction to claim at least part of the reward.  Everyone knew about the princess, and Mila was just too curious to pass this up.

Princess Sara of Crispino was the most beautiful woman in the world, at least according to her brother, King Michele.  There was no man he had ever found worthy of her.  Sara chafed against