.  Someone who knows how dramatic you are and loves you for it.  Okay?”

Georgi looked skeptically at Mila.  “You’re sure she won’t run when they realize the drama’s a permanent thing?  They always do.”

“Not this time.  I’m sure.”  Mila got to her feet and helped Georgi up.  “Come on, before Viktor sends out a search party for both of us.”

 

As predicted, Viktor was annoying to Georgi about finding someone new.  After a couple weeks, Georgi called Mila.  “I’m not sure I’m ready to move on, but if Viktor doesn’t shut up, I’m going to punch his face in.  Help?”

“I’ll be right over.”  Something occurred to her.  “Wait.  Is Viktor there?”

“No, he’s off searching campus for that Japanese dancer.  He’s completely convinced he’s a student here, he just needs to look in the right place.”

Mila laughed.  “He’s tried the studios, right?  Okay.  Be there in fifteen minutes.”

She had a text to send first, though.  Sara met her outside Georgi’s dorm.  “Do you really think this will work, Mila?”

“Once he realizes that I’m serious, yes.  You’re not going to back out, are you?”

Sara shook her head.  “I said I was in, and I’m in.  Georgi’s the one person who might actually enjoy having to deal with Michele’s dramatic overprotectiveness.”

“There is that!”  Mila giggled and hugged Sara.  “Let’s go.”

Georgi was surprised to see Sara, but he was gracious and welcoming.  “All right, Mila.  You said you had an idea where to look for a new girlfriend.  I’m still not convinced I’m ready for one, but if it will get Viktor off my back…”

“That’s the plan!”  Mila hugged Georgi.  “Okay.  So you’re probably going to freak out about the suggestion.  It’s not just one girl, it’s two.”

“Two.”  Georgi looked blankly at her.  “Why two?”

“Why not two?”

“Because… a woman deserves her man’s full attention!  Why would anyone ask a lady to share her boyfriend?”

“You know, polyamorous relationships are a thing.  You can love more than one person at a time, and if everyone’s willing to share and be shared, what’s the problem?  I know you can handle it, if you’ll just give it a chance.  The thing that your girlfriends have said drives them away is the intense focus and the drama, well, spreading that over two girls is one way to help avoid that, right?  You’re a guy with a lot of love to give.”

Georgi stared blankly at Mila, who smiled encouragingly at him.  Sara reached out and patted his shoulder.  “It can work, Georgi.  If you want proof, look at Otabek.”

“What about Otabek?  He’s Yuri’s boyfriend.”

Mila raised an eyebrow.  “You don’t know about JJ?”

“Everyone knows King JJ.  He’s obnoxious and hard to miss.  What about him?”

“You didn’t know he’s dating Otabek and Yuri?” Mila pushed.

“Both of them?”

“Both of them,” Sara confirmed.  “And, of course, Otabek and Yuri are dating each other.  It’s not that hard, if King JJ and the angry kitten can make it work, so can you.”

Georgi shook his head.  “Okay.  I promise not to freak out and to give it a chance.  After all, what’s the worst that can happen?  It doesn’t work out and I break up again?”

“Exactly!  Good.”  Mila breathed a quick sigh of relief.  One hurdle down.  The next hurdle, though, wasn’t really any easier.  She looked over to Sara, who gave her an encouraging nod.  “All right.  Georgi, Sara and I both like you, and we think the three of us could be good together.”

Georgi sat there staring at Mila for a long time.  “Mila, you’re one of my best friends.”

“Yes, I am.  You know I can handle your drama and I’m not going to get tired of it, and the same is true of Sara.  You also know that we’re not the type to mess with you or set you up to fail.  We’re not out to hurt you.”

“We wouldn’t mess up our own relationship either,” Sara said.  She reached out and took Georgi’s hand.  “Friendship is the best basis for a relationship.  Mila and I have always known we wanted someone else in our relationship, someone we could share, and we agreed that we wanted it to be someone we were both friends with first.  And now, we’ve found someone we agree on.”

Georgi