Mila?”

“Not so much anymore now that I’m mostly out on my own, but yeah, sometimes.  Mila says you’re a knight too, but not a dragon knight.”

“Dragons scare me.  I much prefer a nice steady horse where I’m happily on the ground most of the time and not trying to convince my weapons it’s time to fight.  Swords don’t think for themselves and horses are kind of dumb and don’t question orders.”

Yuri snorted.  “Sounds like you’re unimaginative and kind of a scaredy-cat.  I like having a weapon that can think for itself.  Potya has saved my ass a few times.  Sure, it’s harder than a horse, you’ve gotta get them to like and respect you the way you like and respect them, but there’s a reason they match up humans and dragons when they’re relatively young.  I got Potya when I was seven and he was just big enough to begin training to let me ride.  We’ve grown up together and trained together for years, and we’re a team.”

Michele nearly spat out his beer.  “You’re a dragon knight?”

“Yeah, what did you think I meant when I said I train with Mila?”  Yuri shoved up his sleeve to show his tattoo.

“I thought you were like a human training dummy or something.  You’re kind of delicate and pretty to be a knight.”

Yuri’s hands clenched.  “I’ll be sure to tell Mila you don’t think she’s delicate or pretty.  You’re a dumbass, you know it?”

“Mila’s a woman.  Of course she’s pretty.  Delicate, though, that is not a word I would use for her.”  Yuri had to admit the truth in that statement.  “Are you always this sensitive?”

“I got a lot of crap in training for being too pretty to be a knight.  You’re lucky I learned how to contain my temper or you’d be on fire right now.”

“You’re not only a dragon knight, you’re a dragon knight-mage?”  Michele crossed his arms.  “I don’t believe you.  There’s only one of those who’s active, now that Viktor’s retired, and from what I’ve heard Mila telling Sara, Yuri Plisetsky is a real badass.”

“Yuri Plisetsky is a real badass.  You want to go out back and let me prove it to you?”  Yuri crossed his arms as well, sleeve still up to show his tattoo - and its gold border, only possible through magic.  “Hi.  Yuri Plisetsky.  Dragon knight-mage.  Real badass.”

Michele let his arms drop, along with his jaw.  “You’re Yuri Plisetsky?”

“I’m Yuri Plisetsky.”

“Wow.  What are you doing in this tavern?”

“I told you."  Yuri picked up his mug.  "Getting a drink and looking for someone to talk to for a while.  Potya’s great, but sometimes I need to talk to someone who speaks my language.”

“You get lonely?”

“Yes, I do, especially now that I’m out on my own instead of in the training complex.  Don’t guess you ever get lonely, the way you hover over your sister.”

Michele picked up his mug with a long sigh.  “Sometimes.  Nights like these when Sara’s off with Mila, it gets lonely.  Normally, I would find Emil, but Emil’s gone on a quest and won’t be back until next year.”

“Huh.”  Yuri studied Michele.  “Have you ever actually met a dragon?”

“No.  Why would I want to?  They’re terrifying!”

“They really aren’t."  Yuri made up his mind and drained his mug, slamming it on the table.  "Come on.  Do you need to settle up?”

“No.”

“Good.”  Yuri grabbed Michele’s hand.  “I’m taking you to meet Potya.”

 

Potya behaved himself as Yuri introduced Michele, curling up small and harmless with his talons tucked under him to meet Michele.  Yuri was very proud of his dragon, who could be adorable and friendly when he wanted, and Potya was being his absolute cutest.  Michele had been nervous at first, despite Yuri’s words, but with just a little encouragement he was petting Potya’s head and scratching his ears.  “Okay, maybe dragons aren’t so terrifying.”

“Told you.”  Yuri climbed on Potya’s back.  “Want a ride?  Just to be sure you don’t forget that they’re really powerful and fast?”

Michele hesitated.  “Is it safe?”

“It is if you’re with me.  Potya likes you, so he’ll behave himself.  Won’t you, boy?”  Potya growled, friendly-like, so Michele climbed up behind Yuri.  “Hold on to me.”

At first, Michele was hesitant, barely touching Yuri.  When