him from moving any further away.



Yuuri looked away from him and Viktor felt like his heart shattered at that moment. Later, he’d come to know true heartbreak. But for now, Yuuri ignoring him was the pivotal shift in the atmosphere. 



It was a long, tense moment before either spoke. First Viktor, apologizing again and offering anything to make it better. Then Yuuri:



“No. No you did nothing wrong. It’s me.”



Viktor stared unabashedly emotional at Yuuri, head tilted slightly. How could Yuuri, sweet Yuuri, say that Viktor did nothing wrong when he clearly did? Maybe starmaking was all he really knew and all he was really good at. Love was still a mystery to him.



“I did like it,” he confessed eventually. “Just startled me is all.”



“I’m sorry, Yuuri. I won’t do that to you again at least not without warning you first.”



Yuuri turned his head to look at Viktor, the signs of any uncomfortableness slowly bleeding away to that of a shy smile. He crawled back over to Viktor and took his hands again. Then be brought each one up individually, placing soft kisses on the backs, against the knuckle bones. 



Viktor’s heart stopped. And he let out a relieved breath. 



“You are amazing, Yuuri,” Viktor said, eyes making sure to absorb every minute detail on Yuuri’s face. Even if Viktor spent the rest of his long, long life memorizing every part of Yuuri, he didn’t think he’d ever be able to. Yuuri was as vast as the heavens themselves. As the stars themselves. So full of light and power. It was breathtaking. 



They spent the rest of the afternoon together talking. 



Viktor learned Yuuri had been a farmer his whole life, the farm passed down from each generation before. Each Katsuki (Viktor was delighted upon hearing that was his last name) specialized in different farm animals per generation. Yuuri had been fond of pigs from when he was young and decided they were to be his companions. At times, he admitted, he would feel lonely. He’d be lying on his cot in the cottage staring up at the ceiling and thinking about how all he did was raise pigs, and how he’d like to maybe raise those pigs with someone someday.



“Like me?” Viktor questioned jokingly.



“Hmm, maybe,” Yuuri teased back. 



Viktor also learned that Yuuri was overly passionate about what he did and had incredible ambition. It was something he saw in himself frequently when he’d make stars. But Yuuri had a fire lit under him that Viktor rarely would see in others, even among mortals. He knew deep in his soul he could be the only one to match Yuuri. 



The entire time they talked, they held hands. The weight of Yuuri’s hand in his own was perfect, something he’d never want to give up. If he did, he didn’t know what he’d do. Or how he’d react. The thought seemed impossible to him that he and Yuuri would ever separate.



Eventually, it became nightfall. It grew colder. Viktor grabbed the cloth he brought with him and laid it gently over the both of them. Yuuri moved slightly closer and Viktor felt himself relax further. 



They stared up at the stars.



“You made those?” Yuuri questioned, mouth slightly open in awe. 



“I did. Some are still Master Yakov’s stars. His will last the longest as he is the master.”



“And what about your’s?”



Viktor shrugged. “I’m still in training to become a master. My stars’ lifespans are long, but they could be longer. And brighter.”



Yuuri nodded. “I believe in you, Viktor.”



Viktor smiled at that, turning to rub his cheek against Yuuri’s. “Oh Yuuri, you’re so kind to me!”



Laughter filled the darkness as Yuuri squirmed in Viktor’s hold. Viktor, once again, couldn’t help himself when Yuuri said such nice things like that. 



“Although,” Viktor started, turning to stare up at the sky again, “I have been losing my desire to make stars for the mortals to make wishes.”



“Why?” 



“You,” Viktor simply said. “When I met you, I instantly fell in love with you Yuuri. It was magical actually, how it happened. But in doing so, I lost any motivation I had to make stars, because my thoughts were always filled with you instead. How could I bring myself to care about these mortals and their wishes when I could make stars and grant all your wishes?



“I know it sounds selfish,” Viktor admitted softly, “but it really was all I could think about, even deep into my soul. I don’t know what I’d do without you Yuuri.”



“Viktor,” Yuuri said in slight astonishment. “What if Master Yakov finds out you’ve….been neglecting the stars? For me? He’d never forgi--”



“Master Yakov will