he was a ninja and Yakov shouldn’t see him spin at all.  I thought Yakov was going to have a stroke.”

Yuuko and Takeshi both laughed at that.  “How’s Viktor treating you?  Do I need to go over there and have a word with him?” Takeshi asked.

“Mari’s doing that right now, I think.”  More laughter.  Yuuri shifted to a slightly more comfortable position.  “Viktor’s been great.  That Facebook page, that’s really him, and he’s always there when I need him.  This trip to Hasetsu, this was his idea, because I felt bad that he wasn’t getting to go on vacation like everyone else.  He’s so different when the cameras are off.  More… more like a real person, you know?  He’s teaching me to cook Russian food.  Lots of beets and cabbage.”

“Viktor can cook?”

Yuuri grinned.  “That was my reaction, too!  It’s so weird, I… I never really thought of him as a person who did normal person things, I guess.  He’s such a baby about blood!  His own, someone else’s, doesn’t matter.  He freaks out and runs away if he can get away with it.”

Yuuri stayed and talked with Yuuko and Takeshi for a couple hours.  When he got back, Viktor was waiting up for him.  “Are your friends going to come save you from the dreaded cold, harsh Russia?”

“Not yet.  Was Mari bad?”

“Mari was fine.  She actually meant putting me to work doing some chores that had piled up over the last couple of weeks.  I think it was a test to see if I knew how to do real work.”

“And by piled up you mean she deliberately let slide so she’d have an excuse?”

Viktor looked a little too shocked for Yuuri to take it seriously.  “I would never accuse your sister of such a deceptive thing!”

“That’s what you have me for.  I’ll accuse her of a lot worse if she deserves it.”  Yuuri yawned, the exhaustion from the travel catching up with him after having been held at bay by seeing his friends.  "I'm going to bed.  You should too."

Why did Viktor and Yuuri ever think they were allowed to have nice things?


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

For the first couple of days, things were quiet.  Viktor and Yuuri played on the beach, helped at the onsen, and went back to the ninja museum because Viktor claimed he needed to refresh his inspiration for his program.

They went into Fukuoka on their third day there.  When they got home, Mari met them at the train station.  “Your coach called looking for you.  He said he’s been trying to call you both and you weren’t answering.”

Viktor smiled ruefully.  “I forgot to charge my phone last night.  It died a couple hours into our trip.”

Yuuri pulled out his phone.  He remembered now – he’d turned it off when they went into a temple, and forgot to turn it back on.  “Oh no.  He’s going to be mad.”  There were several voicemails, not all from Yakov.  He played his coach’s voicemails on speaker so that Viktor could hear too.

Message 1: “Yuuri, have you seen this article about you and Viktor?  If you haven’t, go read it, call me back.”

Message 2: “Did Viktor forget to charge his phone?  I can’t reach him.”

Message 3: “Yuuri, call me.  Immediately.”

Message 4: screaming in Russian that Yuuri couldn’t understand.

Viktor flinched.  “I’m not translating that.  The point is he’s angry.  The kind of angry that even I take seriously.  I wonder what happened?”

Yuuri’s hands shook as he called Yakov back.  He was greeted with more Russian screaming.  Once Yakov paused for breath, Yuuri started apologizing.  “I turned my phone off and forgot to turn it back on.  I haven’t seen the article yet.  What’s happened?”

“There’s two now.  The first one is saying that Viktor realized that you weren’t his soulmate so he took you back home and is going to go find his real soulmate.”

“But I am his real soulmate,” Yuuri protested.

“That’s not the point!  It has quotes from Viktor!”

Yuuri couldn't move, couldn't speak.  This wasn't possible.  Was it?  Viktor took Yuuri’s phone from him.  “Quotes?”

“Yes!  Quotes!  Words they are putting in your mouth!"  Yuuri finally managed to snap out of it.  "I’ve already contacted both Russia and Japan’s skating federations so they can look at legal options, but in the meantime, it’s out there.  You’ll need to talk to the lawyers after you read the article, so you can figure out how to disclaim the article.”