Minako laughs. “I didn’t know you liked being Yuuri’s coach so much.”

“Oh yes,” Viktor says lightly, and then, “I do like Yuuri very much.”

Yuuri’s heart skids and he stumbles a bit getting to his feet. He turns to try and peer secretively over his shoulder and his eyes lock with Viktor’s.

He’s smiling; bright and unsurprised and Yuuri knows that he’s been aware that he can hear them the whole time.

He just wishes he knew what that meant.

.

The thing is it’s very hard to tell where the line lays for Viktor. Between performative affection and genuine. Between what he does to get a rise out of Yuuri and what he does because - well, because he wants to, Yuuri supposes.

It’s goddamn maddening is what it is. A little bit cruel too, in that thoughtless way Viktor has about him.

It does not take a genius to see that Yuuri has been gone on Viktor his whole life, and while the obsessive awe has faded with proximity the deep-rooted affection has only grown. And Yuuri is not enough of an optimist to assume that Viktor has missed it.

“Viktor seems very fond of you,” Yuuko tells him when Yuuri goes to the rink one day without Viktor by his side. She’s restacking some skates onto the shelf, and the way she’s not looking at him feels a little too intentional.

“I think he’s amused by me,” Yuuri admits.

Yuuko, who has not spent extensive time with Viktor, frowns. “Why would you think that?”

Yuuri shrugs self-consciously and leans up against the counter. Instead of telling her the truth, that he was starting to think that amusement may be affection for Viktor, he says, “It’s difficult to think that Viktor could find anything interesting in me.”

Yuuko turns around so fast that Yuuri almost loses his balance backing up. He forgets sometimes that the years off the ice have not dulled the quickness of her steps. She’s in his face before he can blink. “You are the kindest, adorablest, most hard working, talented skater in all of the world,” she says, but it sounds more like a threat. “I have never known a better man than you.”

Yuuri, who has never responded particularly well to any kind of praise, blushes to the roots of his hair. “Maybe don’t let your husband hear that,” he jokes, but Yuuko only looks at him sternly.

“The best man I have ever known,” she says firmly, and then adds, “and ever will. Viktor is the lucky one here. He should feel privileged to have you in his life, and given the way he treats you I’d say he does.”

Yuuri is fresh out of words. He’s always been weak to Yuuko’s hurricane enthusiasm. “Yuuko,” he says meekly. “I think you may be looking for more in this than there is.”

Yuuko blows out her cheeks but she stops leaning over the counter and into Yuuri’s face. He is grateful as anything for the breathing room. “You’re always like this,” she complains.

“Like what?” Yuuri repeats, indignant.

“Blind.” Yuuko sniffs. “You think good things can’t happen to you. I don’t know why, but it’s upsetting to watch.”

The truth is Yuuri can’t let himself want good things because when he does he fucks them up. He’d wanted so badly to at least place at the Grand Prix Final, wanted so badly to blow the world away whenever he stepped out onto the ice, and it was always that wanting that was his undoing.

He couldn’t expect too much. He just couldn’t. Because he’d mess it up, he always did, and then it took everything he had to drag himself to recovery.

Losing out of the Grand Prix Final had obliterated him. He could only imagine how losing Viktor would feel. To say something or do something to push him away. He’d only just graduated from overly obsessed fanboy to star pupil and it wasn’t a connection he was going to risk for anything.

“Thanks Yuuko,” Yuuri says, and it’s a big dodge if ever there was one. “I’m glad to have you.”

Her eyes narrow and she groans, sinking down onto the counter. “I’m not getting through to you, am I?”

“You’ve been a big help,” Yuuri says noncommittally, and she looks so fondly exasperated with him that he has to hold back a smile.

She rolls her head over to smile up at him. “You’re amazing,” she repeats, “and I don’t know what’s going on with you and Viktor, but it looks a little more than… Strictly student and coach.”

“Yuuko!”

“What?” She asks, eyes wide and blue. “I’ve seen you together, and there