started with Isabella…

Yuri continued off from where Otabek ended, “Actually, I brought it up.”

Here it comes. Yuri never liked him and he wanted to end their arrangement. JJ’s body tensed as he prepared himself for the worst. 

Hurry up and get it over with. 

“I’m not satisfied with the way we’ve been doing things,” JJ felt crushed, attempting to keep his face as level as possible, “I don’t want you to just watch anymore.”

JJ was shocked by the answer Yuri gave him, one much different than the one he had expected. He couldn’t remember how to work his mouth properly, the sounds blurring together as he asked, “What?”

Yuri looked somewhere between amused and annoyed. “I want you to touch me, idiot. Do I need to spell it out for you? You, me, Beka–I want the three of us to fuck.”

Eyes widening, JJ could feel relief and shock flow through his body as he looked over to Otabek. “Yeah. We both trust you. You’ve been respectful of our rules every time. I already knew you were a good guy, but Yuri needed to get comfortable with you too. He’s clearly very comfortable.” Otabek shot Yuri a smirk to which Yuri responded by elbowing him in the arm. 

“Shut up!” A blush creeped over Yuri’s face and JJ couldn’t help but laugh a little. 

Returning JJ’s laugh with a genuine smile, Yuri asked, “Do you want to? Play with us, I mean?”

Yuri looked hopeful and vulnerable. Almost innocent, even. Almost. If he didn’t have such a dirty mouth on him. 

Although, it was a really pretty mouth and now JJ had permission to kiss it, didn’t he? 

JJ leaned forward, hesitantly placing a hand on the back of Yuri’s head and pulling him in for a lingering peck. Yuri kissed him back, his own hand reaching up to touch JJ’s arm. He made an Mm sound before JJ pulled away, breathless, as he forgot to breathe in that moment. This was his first time properly being with men. He had always known he was bisexual, but had never acted on it. 

This was a whole new world. 

“Don’t stop.” Yuri said, voice laden with desperation. 

“Safety words?” JJ looked from Yuri to Otabek. He couldn’t believe this was happening. After all this time of watching the two of them, he would finally get a real taste. 

“Yellow to slow down, and Red to completely stop. Green is a given for us, so no need for that one,” Otabek responded. 

“Alright.” JJ couldn’t believe he was doing this. His fingers were trembling in excitement and apprehension. 

Reaching over to where Yuri sat beside him, Otabek slipped his hand into the back of Yuri’s hair, pulling it roughly from the scalp. “I think you’ve teased JJ enough, don’t you?” 

Yuri whimpered. 

“I’d say you have some serious making up to do to your new Sir, yeah?” 

Yuri managed a weak “Mmmhmm,” but it came out as more of a moan. 

“Good. Now take off your pants and get on your knees.”

JJ watched as Yuri did as he was told, removing his leggings and the boxer briefs he wore under them. He donned a semi, his circumcised dick a little pink around the head. Otabek led him to the ground by the hair, forcing him to his knees. 

“Be a good kitten and show JJ how grateful you are.” Otabek let go of Yuri’s hair, opting instead to give Yuri’s ass a couple of encouraging spanks as he crawled directly in between JJ’s legs, hands resting on top of JJ’s clothed thighs. 

“May I blow you?” Yuri’s cheeks wore a pretty blush that made JJ want to kiss him again. 

Looking down at him from his elevated position gave him a rush he experienced whenever he had control over Yuri’s orgasms using a toy. He wouldn’t have to resort to such things anymore. At least, not today. Today, he would give Yuri what he wanted. 

JJ grabbed Yuri by the back of the head, pulling his hair in the same way Otabek had done only moments before. It elicited a mewl from Yuri’s lips that shot straight to JJ’s dick. If he hadn’t been hard before, he certainly was now. The pressure of his hardness against the zipper on his jeans was uncomfortable. 

“You’re missing a word at the end of that sentence, kitten.” Yuri let out a shaky exhale, eyes glassing over in lust. “Otabek is your Daddy, so who am I?”

Yuri closed his eyes, biting the bottom of his lip as JJ pulled his hair harder. “Sir. I’m sorry, Sir.”

“Yeah. And don’t you forget it. Now be a good