took a sip of his water, the silence drowning them out, but not for long. Otabek spoke first,

"I'm going to cancel practice for today."

Yuri's eyes widened slightly and he looked over at him. He had never missed practice before due to cramps, but if he tried to even begin to tell him that he was having cramps, it would lead down a whole new road. He nodded in reply. He would just have to keep up that he was sick. Sure.

Otabek stood and went to get his phone from his nightstand. He had it charging there over night and the sound of Yuri being awake earlier must have caused him to forget to grab it. Yuri was glad he didn't pry any further into his symptoms; he hated having to lie, especially to Otabek. It was nice of him, though, to be so caring. He wasn't used to someone offering them medicine or comfort - he mainly told him to get the medicine so he could run out and put on his binder. But here he was, calling Lilia to tell her and Yakov that they would not be practicing because Yuri was 'sick'. Here he was, giving him medicine and water. Here he was, offering things to Otabek.

Yuri could feel his face heat up at the realization of how intimate things may have seemed, but it was nothing. There was no way Otabek cared for him like that. Besides, let's remember that he is trans. He isn't want Otabek is expecting. He might not even be attracted to him once he finds out. 

Yuri tried to shake the feeling, but it was hard to. 

"Is there anything else you want?" Otabek had reappeared behind the couch, causing Yuri to jump. 

"Don't scare me like that!"

Otabek refrained from chuckling and placed his hands on the back of the couch, directly behind Yuri. He leaned against it as he spoke, "You didn't answer my question." Yuri looked back at him and glared.

Yuri did want something: chocolate. Oh chocolate would always be his weakness when it was shark week. Otabek agreed to go out and buy him some, and then Yuri was alone.

 He sighed and kicked off the blanket, suddenly experiencing a hot flash. He stood up and clutched his body, his arms pressing against his binder, and he decided to explore while he waited; his cramps had subsided enough to make this possible.

Otabek's apartment wasn't that big, it just had 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a kitchen, and a living room. He stood in front of Otabek's room, the door wide open, inviting him in. There was a bookshelf to one side of the room, a desk covered in papers and random items next to it. His bed was king size and the entire room just smelled like Otabek's leathery, woodsy smell he had grown to appreciate. He sighed and turned back around, remembering why he couldn't get any closer to him, his trust issues overcoming him.

He also reminded himself he would have to tell him, and soon. It wasn't going to get any better the more he hid it. Either way, he would probably find out soon, Yuri and Otabek would be living together for a while. But, he decided against it and moved into his bathroom to take a shower. The hot flash had caused him to feel really gross and sweaty, and he hated that feeling. 

Hot water ran down his body, and he hated looking down at himself. This wasn't him. He was a man. 

He sat on the shower floor after a while, letting the water hit his knees that were tucked up to his chest. It was comforting being able to forget everything and not have to worry about his appearance or his emotions, not have to hide himself constantly from public eye. He wished he could stay here forever.

Eventually he got out of the shower and dried off and put on a new pair of clothes, all while avoiding the mirror. When he came back into the living room, he could see Otabek in the kitchen fiddling with a bag. Inside, he had several different chocolates from the local store and brought them over to Yuri; he noticed he had wet hair and had changed clothes, but didn't say anything regarding it. 

Yuri took the chocolate graciously, his eyes widening at the delicious flavors flooding his mouth. Otabek couldn't help but smile slightly at his happiness. He was wondering why he would want chocolate if he was sick, but he didn't pry, just let him eat. 

"Is it good? I wasn't sure what to get so I just got a little of everything." 

Yuri's mouth was too full to talk when he asked, so he just rapidly nodded his head. He was definitely going to regret this later, but later didn't matter. He was focused on the now, and now was saying that he wanted some damn chocolate.

After one too many chocolates, Yuri relaxed