sleep Yuuri has gotten in the past week, he's sure of it. He'd tossed and turned endlessly each night, his heart pounding and his mind racing. 

Viktor is coming to visit for New Year's.

Not for very long, of course. He's been studying abroad, his travels taking him far and wide. Even during the winter break, he's got things to do, places to go. He'd made sure to emphasize that his business back in the US is far out of the way of Detroit, and Yuuri knows that this is his way of saying 'I haven't forgotten, see?'

It isn't anything very special. It almost feels like pity, the way he arrives just one minute before midnight with a hurried apology for being late and a promise to catch up properly some other time. The kiss he presses to his lips feels rushed, though something about it lingers as they pull away.

But Yuuri doesn't have much time to dwell on this, because Viktor wraps him in a warm embrace one last time before hopping back into his new and much nicer car. He'd left the engine running, and its low purr fades into the distance along with the last thing Yuuri's ever cared about.

Three.

The number of months before he hears from Viktor again. A very much belated apology. The offer to see each other again for a cup of coffee during spring break. Yuuri's surprised to find himself agreeing, and he's even more surprised to find himself seeing Viktor for more than just a quick drink. 

They're almost dates. Almost. Yuuri refuses to call them that, but he doesn't know what else to think as they turn to each other on Yuuri's doorstep, the two of them so used to goodbye kisses. Viktor seems to settle on a goodbye hug instead, and Yuuri surprises himself once again by hugging back.

They're on that same doorstep again several months later, and although Viktor's car is still running, he doesn't seem in any hurry to leave. After all, they'd just gotten here. Viktor looks regal in his tux, and Yuuri hopes he looks just as impressive -- something he knows is impossible, despite Viktor's reassurances that he'd 'looked incredible tonight.'

Yuuri had thanked him for those reassurances as profusely as he had thanked him for the tux itself. A late birthday gift, along with the honor of escorting him to an upscale and very exclusive club for New Year's Eve. He'd phrased it that way exactly, and Yuuri had actually laughed aloud, swatting at his arm. This had surprised both of them, but they had tried to keep that to themselves. Yuuri isn't sure how he feels about them slipping back into their old habits.

Old habits, just like the way Viktor presses a quick kiss to his nose during their countdown, making Yuuri lose track immediately. Before he can compose himself for the final seconds, Viktor takes his face in his hands. The way he used to. The fireworks are defeating tonight, but Yuuri barely hears them over the sound of his heart thudding against his chest as Viktor kisses him.

Something about it is as slow and searching as their night had been, but Yuuri's almost glad when it's over. He's almost glad when he waves Viktor goodbye, and he's almost glad to see him tear down the streets, just as bad of a driver as always.

He's almost glad when he's alone, because he doesn't want Viktor to see him cry.

Two.

The number of takes to finally register Viktor standing in the doorway of his family's onsen in Hasetsu. Yuuri nearly walks by him, mind frazzled with preparations for the night, and has to do a double-take. Twice. 

But it's really him, grinning boldly and adjusting the duffel bag on his shoulder. Yuuri doesn't know what to say for a moment, but before he can even make an attempt to speak, his mother comes bustling out to nearly tackle Viktor to the ground with an enthusiastic hug and shouts of welcome. The rest of his family follows suit, and Yuuri watches in amazement as Viktor explains that his recent travels had landed him in Japan for the winter, and he just had to stop by. Just for tonight.

Yuuri isn't sure if his decision to spend the winter break with his family this year had been his way of trying to avoid Viktor, but either way, he'd warned him that he'd be here instead of at home, just in case he wanted to visit. Viktor hadn't responded.

He looks at home in his onsen robes, and Yuuri wouldn't be surprised if these were the same ones he'd worn the last time he'd stayed for the summer years ago. Had it really been so long? An eternity, maybe, but the concept no longer holds much meaning to Yuuri anymore.

His sister covers for him