than his brain. 

     As he expected, the Pub wasn't even close to its full capacity, people were able to move around normally. Things just got fuller near a small stage, probably for a singer or a band that happened to play on this typical Monday.
Ignoring those thoughts, he walked across the metallic floor that divided the dancing floor and the bar area heading straight to an empty chair which he noticed in distance. Yuuri could almost taste the Kebab when he took seat next to the bar counter. 

     By his visits to the place, he learnt that, if you don't want company you better sit in those last stools, near the wall. This is a sign that you're not interested in hook up. This then became a must to him, the spot he was on had almost his name craved into it. 

     Quickly, a waitress approached, placing the Menu in front of him. Even though he already knew what his order were, his eyes began to look for something new to drink, maybe the time has come to be more daring. 

"What do you guys want today?" she smiled. 

"Two cups of Whiskey." he could feel all his body hair stand on end when that voice came across his ears. Steadily he gazed at the man sitting right next to him, the same one he saw on the window before. —  Unless you're not a big fan of alcohol?. 

     Yuuri blushed slightly while making eye contact with those red eyes, it was like being hypnotized. Not a single word dared to come out of his mouth, there were just silence between the two of them for some seconds, before he shook his head. 

"Okay, I'll get the drinks." The waitress left with a small giggle. 

"Who in the world is this person, what he wanted and why was he sitting next to me?" Those were the only thoughts on his mind at moment. Yuuri couldn't help himself and gave the stranger a quick look, only to see that the red eyes were staring back, along with a charmy smile. Is there something on his teeth? Why so much staring? 

"You're cute, can I at least get the name of the person I'm paying a drink for." 

"Yuuri." 

"I'm Viktor." He moved a bit of the platinum hair to the side to give the man in front of him a better stare.  

"Erh, I... Nice to meet you!" He held his hand to the stranger, with an awkward smile, it was noticeable the jitter from the boy. In response, Viktor gently touched his lips on the hand, keeping his sweet smile in the end, what made Yuuri blush even more and pull his hand away. 

"There's no need to get nervous." 

"I'm not, I was just surprised." 

"I'm full of them." he completed with a smile. "What brings you here?" 

"Today's special dish is Kebab." Yuuri muttered. 

"So, you are here for the food?" he chuckled. "Interesting." 

"Is not like I'm here only for the food. Like, there's a friend of mine, her name is Isabella, and we have this weird tradition to come here every Monday and eat together while roasting about our lived, which doesn't really make sense because we share an apartment. But today she got stuck on work and I had to come by myself." 

"That's your today's diary page?" both laughed with the reply.  "Isabella is your girlfriend?" 

"No, we are just good friends." 

"Okay, that's a relief."  

"Why?  you're interested on her?" 

"Uh?"  Viktor said confused, titling his head to the side a bit. He then rested his elbow on the counter, watching while his "date" chuckled nervously. "I get it, for you it makes more sense that I'm interested in someone I don't know than in you?" 

     Both stood in silence for some seconds, until the waitress came along and placed the two cups between them, breaking the circumstances ice.
It was tough not let his insecurities take over, even though he worked on this since he was very little. Yuuri always knew that'd be something hard to do but it was worth the shot, he was acting way better than his teenager years, but he wasn't perfect yet. Deep inside he wished his little crisis didn't drift Viktor away from him. 

"It's quite full inside here, huh?"  He said, trying to shift the subject. 

"I Don't know to be honest, I'm new around." 

"Wow, really? If you decide to stick with we might bump into each other more often." 

"I hope so. " As a reply Yuuri chuckled slightly while the other drank a huge sip on his cup.  "Well, as it is my first time around, you should show me the dancing floor." 

"Of course!" Yuuri