Victor had half a mind to abandon his role and go chat him up across the bar countertop (which really was just a slab of decorative marble that lined one of the edges of the foyer and used to hold vases and photographs, but Victor had removed those in preparation of the game).

As he watched, Yuuri took the order of one of the patrons with a professional smile and actually reached to grab a metallic shaker. Victor couldn’t help but edge closer, mesmerized, as Yuuri stirred equal amounts of pale liquor with colorful fruit juice into the shaker, throwing ice cubes and a piece of fruit in there, clasping it shut and giving it a few good rattles before serving it into the cocktail glass. It came out a pretty baby blue, complete with a cherry bobbing in the glass. The patron took it with a murmur of thanks and leaned over to whisper something in Yuuri’s ear, which caused his eyes to light up.

Well, after that display, there’s no way Victor would just stand to the side and watch. Victor sauntered up to his curiously talented guest. First dancing, now bartending? What next? Whoever Katsuki Yuuri had come with, Victor was infinitely grateful to Yakov for remembering to include that person on the invitations list.

“You’re quite the talented man,” Victor said, leaning casually across the bar.

“Evening, sir,” Yuuri nodded formally, although an easy grin played across his lips. “What can I get for you?”

“A martini.” Victor decided. “Shaken, and not stirred.”

“Very good, sir.” Yuuri’s got that act down pat, and Victor wrestled his need to find out more about this alluring young man with his inner performer, devoted to seeing that the game is a success. He eventually gave into his curiosity.

“You’re very good at what you’re doing, Bartender Katsuki.”

“I’m well trained,” Came the quick response. The drink was placed on the counter between them. Yuuri’s hands lingered on the stem of the cocktail glass, almost teasingly. Victor resisted the urge to reach across for the drink. He was on Katsuki’s domain right now, and in this game within a game, he was more than willing to play. He waited, patient and eager, heart pounding.

Yuuri leaned closer with a smirk. “Don’t you know that there’s a price for a drink at the bar?”

“Name it,” Victor said. “And I will pay it.”

“I wonder if you’d be willing to part with any…information.” There it was again, that quick swipe of his lips. Focus, Victor.

“I don’t know what you mean.” Victor had tucked his card away into his breast pocket. Glancing at it once had been enough.

“A little tidbit of a rumor, a whisper here, a murmur there.” Yuuri leaned back, a pondering expression on his face. The martini was pulled back with him, and it was Victor’s turn to lick his lips. “Anything regarding the darker side of town, perhaps?”

 Victor considered. He had a clue, in fact, which was why he was keen on finding out who the doctor was. For that little sliver of information, he’d had to deal with Georgi sobbing dramatically on his shoulder for a good five minutes. Georgi, who was playing a mourning widow grieving for the loss of her husband to the murderer, was way too into the role. After sobbing, Georgi had finally let Victor know that the murderer had supposedly ‘gotten injured in a scuffle’ while trying to kill Georgi’s fictional spouse, which of course meant that the murderer had to visit the doctor.

A hard earned sliver of information, however, meant that even though Katsuki was pulling no punches on his seductive routine, Victor was still loathe to give up the one lead he had over other guests in the game. Victor Nikiforov hated losing.

“Supposedly the murderer had let a few clues loose at his previous crime scene. A little bit of a limp in his plans, you could say.” Victor’s eyes twinkled. Yuuri frowned a little, and Victor could see that the man was on the edge of piecing the clue together when-

Gong. The lights flickered and went out, and the murderer struck.

::x:: 

There was a scream, long and dramatic, but entirely for show. The way it sounded, nobody could really pinpoint where it had come from. As mysterious as the game itself. 

The lights flickered back on, and Victor Nikiforov was gone, along with the drink that he’d ordered. Yuuri blinked, adjusting to the sudden brightness, realized that he was letting a little bit of vodka dribble onto the table. He hurriedly righted his hand and cast around the room.

The guests were disoriented, but it was more from a combination of everyone’s drunkenness, the overall good cheer in the room clashing with the faux-panic that they briefly felt when the first ‘murder’ took place. It made for a