?”

“The Peruvian lily sounds good if you’ve got it.”  Chris ducked back to check, and the guy turned to Seung Gil.  “I am so sorry about this.  I’m terribly indecisive, I know.”

“You are.”

Chris came back holding a beautiful orange lily with darker spots.  “Close enough?”

“Close enough!  I don’t think the kid knows enough about flowers to recognize that this isn’t a real tiger lily.  Thanks!”  He paid and left, finally.

Chris sighed.  “Please tell me you know what you want.”

“Well, I did, but I was supposed to pick up a bachelor’s button and you just said you were out.”

“Are you Seung Gil?”

“Yes.”

Chris smiled and patted his shoulder.  “I have one reserved for you.  If Viktor likes you enough to set you up with someone, I’m going to make sure you’re taken care of.”

“Oh.”  Well.  In that case.  “I also need a housewarming arrangement for Viktor and his new husband.  You know Viktor.  As long as it’s safe for dogs, I’ll trust whatever you come up with.”

 

Chris’s arrangement was lovely and Viktor and Yuuri both gushed over it.  Yuuri noticed the bachelor’s button pinned to Seung Gil’s jacket.  “Seung Gil, right?  Good.  Phichit said he was running a little late, but he should be here soon.  You’ll know him because he’s wearing a tiger lily.”

“An actual tiger lily, or an imitation one?”  Seung Gil’s thoughts flashed back to Indecisive Guy.  He was cute, and Viktor had said something about relying on opposites attracting... but no sense developing expectations without better data.

Viktor looked over at a young blond boy standing in the corner with a biker who couldn’t be bothered to dress up for this.  He spoke very quietly.  “It’s imitation, in case Makkachin or Potya get at it, but don’t tell Yuri that.  He’d be very dramatic about the betrayal.”

“Well.  In that case.”  He’d still give the guy a chance, but the first impression hadn’t exactly been good.  That he was late?  Also not a good sign.

Sure enough, about ten minutes later, Mr. Indecisive walked through the door with his “tiger” lily pinned to his suit jacket.  Yuuri went running over to him to take the arrangement, and he pointed out Seung Gil.  Seung Gil just waited for Phichit to approach.

“Hi!  My name’s Phichit, and I promise, I am not normally that indecisive.  Viktor’s told me a lot about you.”  Phichit held out a hand.

Seung Gil shook it, but he was already skeptical.  “Really.  No one’s told me much of anything about you.”

“Huh.  That’s a surprise.  Although Viktor did say that you don’t talk much, and I talk a lot, so maybe he figured I needed the help in case you couldn’t get a word in?”  Phichit smiled and shrugged.  “Anyway, hi.”

“Why were you late?”

“One of my hamsters got loose.  I don’t know if you know anything about hamsters, but if you don’t keep them separated, they’ll fight.  They can seriously hurt or kill each other.  I couldn’t let Ollie rile up the others in their cages.”

“You like hamsters?”  Maybe this would work, after all.  Seung Gil would have hamsters if he'd thought his dog would leave them alone.  

By the end of the night, Seung Gil couldn’t help smiling.  He’d found enough common ground with Phichit that he was actually grateful to Viktor.  They’d arranged another date, even.

Sequel to Day 2 - Seung Gil hears his name on Story Time with Phichit and reaches out.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Seung Gil was busy with shooting all day, filming a couple of exhausting scenes where he was at the center of an imploding love triangle.  It wouldn’t have been so bad if the actresses could just get along off-camera, but no, they were actually less annoying when they were shooting the scripted fights.  At least then he knew which side he was supposed to take and what he was supposed to say when they appealed to him for mediation.

He was very tired when he got home.  He barely had the energy to cook dinner, and he didn’t have the energy to do anything more difficult than check Phichit’s video feed.  Good, there was a new Story Time with Phichit.

He was kind of out of it as he listened to Phichit talk about football.  He just let Phichit’s voice wash over him while he ate his dinner.  Right up until he heard Phichit say his name.  That reached through the exhaustion and made him go back to hear the context.  It took a couple tries until he was sure that it wasn’t