beat them up for you if you ask nicely.”

“What if I want to beat him up myself?”

“Work hard in training.  By the time you’re old enough to start seriously thinking a soulmate might show up, you’ll be able to crush them with your legs.”

Mila giggled.  “Fiiiiiiiiiiine.  I guess.  Have fun!  Don’t let Yakov keep Viktor from having fun!”

Injury updates: Kamil has torn knee ligaments and is out for the season, but if rehab goes well he should be able to skate in next year's Grand Prix.  Anatol Nedza bruised his butt on a fall and will be skating in Poland's Nationals.  I know people were worried. :)

Turin Part 1: Chris's Skates and Viktor's Short Program and Do These Boys Even Care What The Press Thinks Anymore?


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Turin was a beautiful city.  Christophe texted them a restaurant name and time, which Viktor and Yuuri could just about make if they were quick about getting checked in.  Yakov approved, reminding Viktor that he had to skate and even a teenage boy could go overboard on pasta.  Viktor laughed it off, and as soon as Yakov was gone, he threw an arm over Yuuri’s shoulders.  “I did that.  At the Olympics.  Yakov swears I gained five pounds in one night, but I don’t believe him.”

“I should probably be careful, too.  I don’t have that much time before Nationals.”  Yuuri shuddered at the thought of having to go on a diet in Russia.  Too many beets.

“You’ll be all right!  Don’t limit yourself by what Chris and I do.”

Chris greeted them both with enthusiastic hugs.  “When I win gold, do I get a medal kiss too?”

Yuuri and Viktor looked at each other.  “Sure, why not?” Viktor said.  “Of course, you know what the press will have to say about it.”

“If you both kiss it, then it won’t be too bad.  Yuuri?”

“Okay.  Win gold and I’ll kiss your medal too.  But you have to kiss Viktor’s.”

Viktor's grin lit up his face.  “Fair’s fair, Chris!  You should kiss mine too.”

“Deal.  Now, I am swearing both of you to secrecy about what I eat tonight.  My coach is not going to approve.”

Despite Chris’s words, none of them went too nuts with their food.  Chris’s competition would start the next day, Viktor had practice, and Yuuri had better sense.  Yuuri felt the wave of disappointment as he settled into a seat with Viktor to watch Chris’s short program – he’d been so close to being on the ice.  Viktor squeezed his hand.  “You’ll do better next year.  I know it.”

“Thanks.  Still disappointed I didn’t make it this year.  Of course, I wouldn’t have gotten close if it weren’t for you, so I guess this disappointment is kind of a good thing?”

“You could have.  Yakov and I haven’t given you any skills or anything.”

“No, you’ve given me confidence.  Which is a lot harder.”

Chris performed beautifully, finishing second after the short program.  There was a Russian skater ahead of him, Vadim Sivakov, who had also won both his qualifying events.  “Don’t worry, Chris!  Your free skate is better than his.  You’ll do fine tomorrow!” Viktor said.

“Even if I don’t, it’s the Grand Prix Junior Finals.  Silver here is still great!”

“Yes, but it’s your last chance to win gold here before you have to compete against me for it."  Viktor winked at Chris.  "Or if you decided to stay another year in Juniors, Yuuri’s going to beat you next year.”

“Viktor!”  Yuuri blushed hard.

Chris didn’t mind, though.  “Having both of you to contend with is going to be fun.  We’re going to destroy the senior circuit when you get up there, Yuuri.”

 

Chris’s free skate was the next day, followed by the seniors’ short programs.  Viktor stayed out to watch Chris with Yuuri before heading into the changing room to get dressed.  Chris’s program was beautiful, and Vadim finished just enough below him to give Chris the gold medal.  Chris came to join Yuuri when he was free from the press.

“Got your medal with you?”

“Yes, but shouldn’t we wait for Viktor?  If he’s right there then there’s no accusations of cheating.”

Yuuri sighed.  “One of the few things I really hate about the past year.  Before, I never did anything to get into scandals, but the only people who would have cared if I did are my parents.  Now I have to think about everything I do or say in public.”

“In Switzerland I’m already getting a good deal of attention