, but it didn’t matter.  She knew Georgi would be proposing soon.

Leaving Georgi, Mila could understand.  Breaking his heart, well, that was going to happen if she left.  Setting fire to his heart and watching it burn only to dance in the ashes?  No.  Anya had to pay.  And Mila really needed to stop reading poetry all day.

Mila finished off her apple cider – no sense wasting it, and she was likely to get thrown out of the bar after she was done with this.  She walked up behind Anya, and tapped the guy’s arm.  “Excuse me, but I believe this is my dance.”

Anya turned, sneer dying as she recognized Mila.  “What are you doing?”

“Cutting in.  Hi, Anya.  You look great!"  Mila raised an eyebrow at the guy, who didn't seem to be too bright as he continued to stand there.  "Shoo, friend.  Unless you want to get caught in the blast radius.”  Anya’s new friend drew himself up to his full height, but Mila held her ground.  He wasn’t even that big.  Mila drew a small silver knife from her sleeve.  “I won’t ask you again.”

The guy went white as a ghost as he recognized the etchings on the blade.  He ran.  Anya glared at Mila.  “Threatening my date won’t make me get back with Georgi.  Nothing will make me get back with Georgi.”

“I didn’t come here to threaten your date.  I was doing him a favor.”  Mila put the tip of the knife to one finger, twirling it loosely with the other hand.  “You getting back with Georgi is the last thing I want.  Once a tramp, always a tramp.”

Anya rolled her eyes.  “Oh, please.  Like you’re not with a different guy every week.”

“I’ve never led any of those guys to believe they were getting anything more than a night or two of fun.  It’s not that you’re with someone else that makes you a tramp, it’s that you couldn’t be bothered to get rid of the old one first.  And I’ve heard the rumors, that you couldn’t even be bothered to tell Christov what he was getting into.  So yeah, I’m judging you.”  Mila pushed a little harder with the knife.  “Georgi will probably be pissed, but just for a little bit, you’re going to feel the pain you inflicted on him.”

“What, you’re going to beat me up?”  Anya scoffed.  “There’s a bouncer and I will call the cops on you.”

“Nope.  I’m not going to touch you.  Don’t want that filth on my hands anyway.”  Mila pushed the knife in hard enough to draw blood, which she let well up while she put the knife away and pulled a piece of paper from her pocket.  Three drops of blood fell on the paper, and Anya collapsed with a scream.

Mila crouched beside her.  “Don’t worry, you’ll be fine, this will pass.  By the time you wake up in the morning – or normally would, anyway, I doubt you’ll be getting much sleep tonight – the pain will be gone.  I see you anywhere near Georgi again, though… I can make this spell last a lot longer.  Understood?”  She didn’t wait for an answer before she got up.  The bouncer was reaching for her and she held up her hands.  “I know.  I’m leaving.  She’ll be fine, it’s just pain.”

Mila spent the night in jail.  It was so worth it.  Georgi came to pick her up in the morning.  “They say you cursed a girl?”

“She deserved it.  How pissed is Yakov?”  That was the only thing she was really worried about.  She wasn't going to jail over this, she could behave herself while she served out her probation, community service or anger management classes would be annoying but not a huge deal, and a fine would hurt but it had been worth it.  Yakov's wrath, though...

“We’ll find out when he gets back from the meeting with the cops and the lawyers.  What did she do?”

“It was just a pain mirror spell.  She hurt someone I care about, I made her feel it.”

“Who?”

Mila’s eyebrows shot up, but she recovered from the surprise quickly.  If Yakov hadn’t told Georgi, she wasn’t going to either.  He’d just be mad.  “That’s gonna be my little secret.”

“Unless Yakov can’t get a plea bargain or whatever and she takes you to court.”

“Well, yeah.  Obviously.”

Yakov was pissed, but not as pissed as he’d have been if he couldn’t talk the lawyers down to a fine and probation.  Over the next few months, Mila saw Anya everywhere.  Anya ran away from her