but that was the past.

 

He’d almost managed to forget the girl when she showed up again at Guang Hong’s other qualifier.  He wasn’t there, but Phichit was, and Phichit sent him a picture.  “Who’s that?”

“No idea.  Only saw her once before.”  This was not as easy to dismiss.  One or the other, if not both, this girl hand flown to a completely different country to be that close to Guang Hong.  If she were a skater, Leo would recognize her.

Phichit hummed.  “Want me to go find out?”

“What?  Why?”  That idea seemed even worse than being the paranoid boyfriend stomping over there himself!  Hiding behind Phichit to do it for him?  “No.  Guang Hong would tell me if there were someone I should know about.”

“Your relationship, I guess.”  Phichit cleared his throat.  “If you change your mind at some point, just tell me!  Everyone knows I’m nosy and like to know everything there is to know about people.”

 

Leo made the Finals.  Guang Hong didn’t.  Guang Hong came anyway, to be with Leo, which helped calm Leo’s fears a little.  Then he came back from practice to find Guang Hong sitting with the girl.  Again.  She was here, Guang Hong wasn’t skating… what was the deal?

Phichit spotted them, too.  “You gonna go yourself or want me to go?”

Leo swallowed.  “I’m going myself.  After all, I’m supposed to be meeting Guang Hong to let him know I’m done…”

“Want me to come?”

“Yes, please.”

“What about me?” Otabek offered.

Leo thought about it, but shook his head.  “You’re kind of intimidating and no offense, Yuri, but you’re too likely to shoot off your mouth before we get an answer.  You two go on, I know you’re eager to get out on your bike.  I’ll text you later.”

He and Phichit headed over to Guang Hong.  “Hey, babe.  Practice is done.”

“Leo!”  Guang Hong jumped up to hug him.  “This is Tian Huo, my coach’s daughter and, starting this season, apprentice.  Huo, this is Leo.”

“Obviously.  You weren't kidding that he’s even more handsome in person!”  Huo held out a hand.  “It’s good to finally meet you.”

“Yeah.  Given how much time Guang Hong and Coach Tian spend in America, I’m surprised I haven’t met you before…”

Huo smiled, teeth gleaming.  “Until this season I was in school, so I stayed home with my father.  I wanted to come out and join Mom and Guang Hong when I finished school, but she told me to stay home and enjoy one last summer with my school friends.”

“And this is Phichit,” Guang Hong said.

“Hi, Phichit!  I’m so glad I got the chance to meet you.  You might have some advice for me.”

Phichit’s eyebrows rose.  “What about?”

“Okay, I have two hamsters, and for the first six months I had them, everything was fine.  I haven’t changed anything in their food or anything big in their environment – I replaced a wheel that wasn’t spinning very well and gave them a couple new toys – but last month, I started noticing that I only ever saw one at a time.  If one’s out, the other’s hiding.  Do you have any idea what might be happening?”

Guang Hong led Leo away.  “Let’s leave them to the hamster talk.  They’ll probably still be here in an hour talking hamsters.”

“Wow.  Unless they decided to go somewhere else to talk about hamsters?”

Guang Hong shrugged with a wink.  “The thought may have crossed my mind that they might hit it off…”

Leo gets dumped by his boyfriend, and in the process, "breaks up" with Guang Hong too.  Five months later, he regrets one of those.

Leo curled up in a ball on his bed.  It was sad, and he hated feeling like this, and he shouldn’t.  People breaking up happened all the time, to a lot of people.  Losing Ron shouldn’t be like this.  Even losing Ron the way he did shouldn’t feel like this.  He’d lost Ron because Ron thought Leo was cheating on him, and refused to believe that Guang Hong was just a friend.

Guang Hong sat beside him.  “I don’t know that there’s ever a right time for this, but I’d been trying to figure out how to say this all year.  Leo, I think you should have broken up with Ron a long time ago.  He wasn’t right for you.”

“Why do you say that?  Ron was amazing!”

“No, Leo, he really wasn’t.  If he were amazing, then I wouldn’t get