camellias amongst wild flowers that he cannot name.  He decides to pick some of the flowers so he can bring them home to brighten up the interior.  But they smell so nice look so beautiful nestled in the meadow that he feels sorry for the flowers.  



“Good afternoon,” an unfamiliar voice greets.  Guang-hong startles.  He puts on his most intimidating glare as he sits up to face the intruder.



All of his annoyance, or what little of it that bubbled up inside him, dissipates as he is faced with a smile as warm as the August sun.  The other boy has a kind brown eyes, tanned skin, and tousled brown hair that grazes his nape.  Heat spreads across Guang-hong’s cheeks upon the realisation that he has been staring at this stranger’s face for a good minute.



“S-sorry,” he mumbles out of reflex.  “I didn’t mean to stare.”



The boy laughs, taking a seat next to Guang-hong.  He sits down right next to Guang-hong, their thighs nearly touching.



“It’s fine.  I’m Leo, by the way.”  He holds his hand out, in a similar manner that Guang-hong has seen the grown-ups do.



“Guang-hong,” he replies.  Leo’s hand feels strong and welcoming in Guang-hong’s.



“Are you from the village on the other side of the mountain?” Leo guesses.



Guang-hong nods, dropping his gaze to the ground. 



“You looked like you were about to pick some of the flowers,” Leo states.



“I changed my mind,” Guang-hong mutters.  “I feel sorry for the flowers.  Don’t you think it’s sad that the flowers don’t have a say in whether or not they get picked by a human or lives until it meets its end naturally?”



Leo touches Guang-hong’s chin tenderly with his fingertips, prompting him to lift his head.   Guang-hong can feel the heat spread to the rest of his face.  Leo doesn’t say anything as he picks up a yellow camellia and tucks it behind Guang-hong’s ear.



 ‘I think that the flowers won’t mind being picked if the person doing the picking was as pretty as you.  Wouldn’t they be happy knowing that their little sacrifice made one adorable person happy?”



“Y-you think so?” Guang-hong stutters.



“I know so,” Leo reassures him with a smile.  “Beautiful, even.”



“I’m no-not beautiful,” Guang-hong rebuts.



“Yes, you are,” Leo asserts.  “And believe me when I tell you that the golden hues in the flower only serves to accentuate your beauty.”



“Th-thank you,” Guang-hong mumbles.



Leo laughs.  He slings his arm around Guang-hong’s shoulders.  “I like you, Guang-hong.  We should hang out some other time, too.  Why have I not seen you before?  My family o
—
-we live close by so I come here quite often.”



“Ah, I’m usually busy working at the landlord’s fields or at home.  I have today off because my parents are visiting some relatives.  I’m sure that no one will miss me at the fields.”



“I’m sure that there are a few who do miss you at work,” Leo smiles.



Guang-hong smiles back, albeit with less grace than the other boy.  He fidgets with his hands until his eyes land on a red camellia within his arm’s reach.  He picks it up and slides it into the silky strands of Leo’s hair.



“Now we’re even” Guang-hong declares.



Leo grabs for Guang-hong’s hand before Guang-hong has had a chance to drop it back onto the ground.  He raises it to his lips, kissing the centre of Guang-hong’s palm.  He flips the hand over and interlocks their fingers together.



“Will you be spending the rest of this gorgeous day staring at the skies?” Leo inquires, staring straight into Guang-hong’s eyes.



Guang-hong shakes his head.  He gulps nervously; he doesn’t even know why he’s nervous all of a sudden.  “I should head back to the village.  I’m not good at cooking and my parents are away, travelling for the month.  I think I’ll pick up from the bakery on my way.”



“Or you can come to my house,” Leo offers with that sunny smile.  “My mama’s an excellent cook, if I say so myself.”



“Won’t your family mind?”



Leo shakes his head.  “Friends are always welcome in my home.”



“O-okay,” Guang-hong agrees.  “Thank you.”



“Anytime.”



Leo is the first to stand up.  He doesn’t release Guang-hong’s hand.  Instead, he pulls Guang-hong up one-handed.  Not having expected the action, Guang