to wake anyone up at half 3 in the fucking morning just because he couldn’t keep himself together and the walls were paper fucking thin.

“I guess I just miss Vicchan.” He mumbled to himself.

“Hmm?” Ugh, he must have been too loud.

“Nothing nothing sorry.” He waved his hand dismissively forgetting there was a wall between them and he couldn’t exactly be seen.

“Well if it garners crying in the early hours of the morning it must be something.” 

“I miss my dog.” Yuuri blurted out without really thinking. He didn’t have to tell this stranger anything but here he was. He expected an ‘oh is that all?’ spoken sort of condescendingly before they took the quickest exit they could from the conversation.

“What kind of dog is it?” They had definitely perked up, Yuuri heard the rustle of bedsheets as they must have sat up straighter.

“A poodle.” His voice was small and soft, Vicchan was definitely a big part of why he was crying. He had managed to catch his breath now and was focusing on evening it out. “A toy poodle”

Yuuri sort of realized that he wasn’t talking to the stranger anymore and was going over his own memories in his head. A soft smile graced his lips as he remembered how much Vicchan just wanted to cuddle, all the time.

“I love poodles!” Their voice had gone up an octave and Yuuri relaxed. “My own is beside me right now.” There was another rustle as they must have went to pet said dog and Yuuri gulped. There was a ball in his throat and tears threatened to spill again. It wasn’t just the dog, it was that mixed in with him missing his family and the feeling of uneasiness 24/7.

“She’s a big softie.” The voice continued, dropping again and whispering lovingly. Yuuri heard a soft sigh as they continued to pet their dog and he closed his eyes with the lull in the conversation. “Would you like to come in and see her?”

Yuuri shot up in his bed and stuttered out a what.

“It might cheer you up.” They offered and Yuuri almost heard the nonchalant shrug of the shoulders.

“But it’s 3:30am.”

“And you need cheering up.” The grin in the voice was clearly audible.

“You’re just next door right? Oh god, I don’t even know your name.”

“And I don’t know yours, look, do you want me to carry her into you?”

“That’d be good.” He had mumbled the words but before they were even fully out of his mouth he heard as they stood up next door. At least if they were an axe murderer he had his phone beside his bed and he could easily call someone. He was surprised his anxiety hadn’t kicked in and made him lock himself in his room. Maybe it had decided to give him a break. How kind. He heard a soft knock on his door and for not the first time in his life he was very grateful that he slept fully clothed.

He only bumped into his table and knocked over 1 lamp when walking through his kitchen in the dark. He opened the door gingerly but that didn’t stop a bundle of beige fur jumping out of someone’s arms and knocking him over

“Hello!” There was the voice, it was so much clearer now there wasn’t a wall between them. Yuuri would invite him in but there was currently a very affectionate poodle on him licking his face. “Her name is Makkachin!” Yuuri laughed when the dog finally settled down to sniffing him. He looked up to see the man was wearing a green robe and was smiling fondly down at his dog. Yuuri gulped again, he was very erm… pleasing to the eye. “My name is Viktor.”

“Yuuri.” He responded his voice small and low as he resolved to run his hands through the dog’s fur. “She looks like Vicchan anyway.” He felt a smile tugging at his cheeks as Makkachin tried to burrow in deeper to his side. Viktor walked in. He left the door open which Yuuri was grateful for and sat down beside them on the kitchen floor. He started stroking Makkachin’s head as he said.

“Your eyes are still red.” Yuuri put up a hand to them and rubbed them as if that would help and sighed, he went back to smoothing down Makkachin’s hair and there they were. Two grown men, one who was an anxious mess, one in just a dressing gown and a very happy dog sitting on a kitchen floor in the middle of the night.

“Are you homesick?” Viktor questioned quietly still stroking Makkachin. Yuuri nodded, he really wanted to bury his face in the dog’s fur.

“Something like that.” There was a certain stillness to the situation. Yuuri’s uneasy feeling didn’t feel as prominent. He let out a small contented sigh as his hands ran through the soft fur. It was peaceful.

“I used to