body thrills to it, the way every movement of Victor’s lips is an unpredicted step in a dance that Yuuri’s still catching up on. Yet it’s easy, somehow, to fall in step with Victor, to let his hands drift down to his shoulder, his neck, to let their breath become a delicate push and pull of the space between them, the gap that feels suddenly so slight and all the more exquisite for the act of crossing it.



“Yuuri…” Victor shifts his hands to his hips, giving him a slight push backwards. But when Yuuri steps back with a sigh, he cups his face, kissing him again.



But now he’s reminded that they’re standing in the middle of a hallway. Yuuri drifts back, both of them prolonging the contact until it’s not possible without Victor following. He worries for a moment that he won’t. Fears that he will.



“Victor, I’m…”



Victor sets a finger over his lips, shushing gently and stepping in for another kiss. But Yuuri bats his hand away and grabs his coat, pushing him back a little.




I don’t want to say this out here! But I’m not sure what’ll happen if I let a door close behind us.




“Victor, I don’t know...what I’m ready for.”



He’s glad of the bright lights, glad he doesn’t miss each shift in Victor’s expression: surprise, consideration, and then something so sweet and relaxed and adoring and he could drink in that expression for hours and never be sated.



“That’s fine.” He pushes close, pressing a chaste kiss to Yuuri’s forehead. “That’s totally fine.” He nuzzles his way down to nose against his cheek. “Perhaps that will be 

my

 katsudon, when you win your gold. Oh! Or whenever you’re read--”



“I told you to quit it,” he grumbles, pulling him in for another kiss.



“Hey, that wasn’t even close to a line!” Victor draws back to pout at him, but then shifts back to that tender expression. “And I mean it. When you’re ready. For tonight… What do you want to do tonight? Do we talk? Make out? Hold hands? Should w--”



Yuuri covers his mouth with a fond sigh. “First, I’d like to get out of this hallway.”



“Great idea.”



The door can’t close behind them quickly enough, darkness and privacy a soothing bath. Yuuri kicks out of his shoes, reaching for the light switch, but stops himself. Victor’s silhouetted against the lights of the city, arms pulled in like he’s taking off his gloves but the movement hidden behind the width of his shoulders and the drape of his long coat.



So instead, Yuuri shrugs out of his suit jacket and then steps forward in darkness, forward to slip his arms around Victor’s waist. Then up, up to his shoulders to pull the coat and blazer back until Victor twists out of them and into his arms.



He wishes there were more neutral territory, a couch, perhaps, but all there is in the room is the bed and a pair of armchairs. Yuuri gathers his breath and his courage and propels Victor back towards the bed.



Victor scootches over on it, sinking down with plenty of room left for Yuuri. Yuuri narrows his eyes.




Don’t think I’m so delicate as all that.




Cheeks burning, Yuuri clambers on and across the blanket, coming to straddle Victor’s hips. He watches him for a second, chest rising and falling rapidly, watches the quick widening of Victor’s eyes and the look, the look he hadn’t had a name for before but now, now he thinks it’s desire. Especially with the slow roll of Victor’s hips under him, the heavy way his palms slide up his thighs.



Overwhelmed, Yuuri falls forward, hiding his face against Victor’s neck. Which leaves him with his dick squashed against Victor’s stomach. Yuuri inhales sharply, nuzzling closer, his hand unconsciously stealing up to slide into Victor’s hair.




Something relatively neutral, something to stop me from just saying fuck it and flinging myself off this cliff.




“Earlier… When I couldn’t sleep, I ended up just watching you.”



Victor’s hands pause where they’re stroking slowly up his back. “Oh?”



“Yeah. Made me feel a little more relaxed, at least at the time. Feeling your breathing, and thinking about stroking your hair--”



“Well, why didn’t you?” Victor cuts in, sounding distinctly cheated.



Yuuri pushes himself up. “Because I didn’t know…! I didn’t know 

this

,” he gestures emphatically down at Victor’s chest.



Victor gives him a peculiar look, then curls his arms around him, drawing him down into a quick peck. “You’re shockingly dense,” he murmurs against Yuuri’s