his arms. Yuri always decided to stay (even though it led to him hiding in Otabek's chest, and Otabek would tease that he sure was some "ice tiger of russia"). But then Yuri would remind him that he was HIS Ice Tiger of Russia and that he was stuck with him. 

Otabek would not protest that at all.

But tonight, Otabek didn't change the channel in an attempt to tease Yuri again. He had caught on to Yuri's distant behavior the moment he got home, and it was ever so evident right now. Yuri wasn't even looking at the TV, he was just staring off into space with an especially annoyed look on his face. 

"Yuri," Otabek said, turning his body so he was facing him, which caused Yuri's head to fall forward uncontrollably. A soft whine escaped from him when he repositioned himself on Otabek, unwilling to move from him. 

"Yura," Otabek reiterated, "What's wrong?" He moved the arm behind Yuri so he could put his hand on the back of his head and pet it softly. Yuri didn't respond towards it, he only spoke softly,

"Do I treat you right?" 

Otabek shifted, taken aback by his words. Yuri felt it and sat up so he could look him in the eye with determination. He needed an answer - a specific answer. 

When he didn't say anything, Yuri restated, "Do I treat you equally? I don't..." He was staring at their laps now, searching for the right phrase. "I don't want this to seem one sided. At all."

Otabek was so surprised because he didn't feel that way at all. Even though he did have to go the grocery store the past few times, Yuri is the only who usually cleans or takes care of the cats. Otabek did hate changing the litter boxes or using a vacuum, and it was becoming apparent that Yuri probably just didn't like going grocery shopping, and Otabek was completely okay with that.

"Yura, darling this relationship is not one sided at all. Where you clean the house, I buy the groceries and cook. This relationship," he grabbed his hand with his free one, "has its gives and its takes. It has a balance, though. A safe balance. One that I have no problem with, dear." Yuri felt Otabek's fingers move to lift up his chin so he was looking at him. Yuri's skin felt warm from his touch, and his heart was pounding in his chest. He was so afraid that Otabek would have agreed, that they would have argued, but here he was, smiling with the brightest eyes towards Yuri, without a hint of doubt that he was happy. 

All the emotions had built up over the day, and Yuri fell forward, wrapped his arms around Otabek's chest and cried so softly Otabek wasn't sure that's what he was doing until he felt his shirt dampen. "Yuri-" he was about to question him, but then he lifted his head and he sat back, wiped his eyes quickly, and sniffled.

"Thank you," his voice was so quiet, and seeing him like this was killing Otabek. He felt his heart throb in his chest at the sight of Yuri so fragile in front of him.

"Yura, don't thank me." Otabek started, catching Yuri off guard as he put both his hands on his cheeks, "You are so much more than you realize, and I love you for that. You are so strong," Otabek added, "I look up to you for that."

Yuri's eyes widened and he felt all probability of Otabek leaving disappear. The idea that HE looked up to Yuri of all people never crossed his mind. A look of determination grew in his eyes again.

"You really are my Ice Tiger of Russia." 

**

Moonlight filtered over the couple as they lay in bed that night, leaving strips of light over their bare bodies. The air was still besides the ceiling fan and their quiet breathing that filled the silence enough by itself. Otabek had his arm over Yuri's side, holding him to his body; their legs were intertwined at the bottom of the bed. Yuri's hands were tucked into his chest and his eyes were closed, but he was not asleep yet. He was taking in this feeling of being in Otabek's arms, being with Otabek, in bed with him... Two years ago he would have never dreamed of this.

"Can't sleep?"

Otabek was awake, too, and Yuri responded with a subtle head shake. Otabek tightened his arm around Yuri and put his hand over Yuri's, bringing him in as close to his body as possible. He never wanted to let go of him, and Yuri didn't want him to. Even after two years, after all this time, it felt like only yesterday they were back in the competitions, cheering each other on respectively. 

Yuri turned in his arms until he was facing