going to get the chopsticks before he feels teeth scrape over his skin.

Viktor takes the roll between his teeth carefully, and Yuuri hears the sound of swallowing and lips being licked loudly in satisfaction. Something about this is thrilling. Deeply thrilling. He finds that he has a harder time staying still as Viktor's lips press down his spine, sucking at his skin as though it were as appetizing as the next roll he devours. Yuuri can just imagine the way his throat moves as he swallows again, and he can almost see his tongue slowly running over his lips. He feels that same tongue down his back, tracing a path lightly to the next roll, and its cooling trail is soothing on Yuuri's suddenly too-hot skin. But the heat is growing unbearable, and Viktor's lips are only fanning the flames.

Viktor travels down Yuuri's body as he eats, inching backwards until his face hovers above the small of his back, where the last roll rests. This time, Yuuri can't control the ripple that passes through him when Viktor's teeth delicately graze that patch of sensitive skin. He hopes Viktor hadn't noticed, but he can feel his smile as he takes the final roll into his mouth. Viktor sucks the pieces of ginger off of Yuuri's back soon after, kissing each revealed area as he does, and his last gulp seems to echo throughout the room, closely followed by the sound of smacking lips.

The silence stretches, but Viktor hasn't moved off of him yet. His head is still bent low, and Yuuri can feel his hot breath ghosting over his skin, making it prickle. 

"Yuuri." That same soft tone. Something about it makes Yuuri want to give in to anything he says. "I'm still hungry."

Yuuri's about to generously offer his own untouched portion of sushi still in the container, but he feels Viktor's lips against his back again and suddenly forgets how to speak. Warm and soft lips, so gentle as they press themselves to the small of Yuuri's back, sending shock waves up his spine. Before Yuuri can even react, Viktor's mouth trails lower, so low that it's nearly between Yuuri's cheeks. Cheeks that tense as large and firm hands grasp them, squeezing and pulling them apart, spreading them for hungrily searching lips. 

"Viktor," Yuuri breathes, his face flushing hard, "what are you doing?"

Viktor laughs softly, his lips curving against Yuuri's skin, just barely above its tender mark. "I want dessert, Yuuri."

Yuuri's mind goes blank as a broad and hot tongue presses hard against his hole, moving upwards in one long and wet lick and leaving a tingling trail. His cry is muffled into the cushion in his arms, his hips jerking as Viktor licks him again, this time slower. Slower and lighter, just barely grazing his rim, making it twitch for more. Yuuri bites back a moan, his hips bucking, his cock pressed hard into the sofa as Viktor's tongue pushes ever so slightly into him, swirling to stretch the tight ring before drawing back teasingly. Yuuri almost doesn't recognize his sharp whine of protest, surprised that such a desperate noise could come from his own throat.

But Viktor doesn't keep him waiting long, and Yuuri's entire body jerks when Viktor buries his face between the cheeks he's spread even wider, squeezing them so hard that Yuuri's sure he'll wake up the next morning with bruises. He hardly has time to even form this thought before the feel of Viktor's lips moving against him drives any remaining coherency out of him. Viktor begins to tear into him mercilessly, mouth moving hard against Yuuri's hole, kissing and sucking at it as if it were Yuuri's lips he had caught with his own, Yuuri's lips he parts for the thrust of his tongue, Yuuri's lips he nibbles at, tugging playfully at the skin, at the muscle, at the rim that clenches desperately around the tingling wet heat that slides in again, letting soft and tight walls pulse around it.

The tingling sensation must be the gari, Yuuri thinks faintly, noting that Viktor's mouth seems to nearly burn him. It amplifies the swipe of his tongue, the pull of his lips, the edges of his teeth, and Yuuri soon finds himself melting into the sofa, rutting himself against it and almost screaming into his cushion. It's almost too much, the feel of Viktor's jaw working between his thighs, and Yuuri pushes back almost frantically, wanting him even deeper.

Viktor makes a small and muffled sound, pulling away and giving Yuuri's ass a playful slap. Yuuri is about two seconds away from begging him to hit harder when he's suddenly jerked up, Viktor's hands tight around his waist, and Yuuri has only a few moments to flail his arms wildly for balance before Viktor falls onto his back, taking Yuuri down with him. He lands neatly in his lap, his