fingers fidget uncomfortably on the arm of the chair.

“Spock. You woke me up early on my day off. Explain.” Jim crosses his arms and waits.

Spock sighs quietly. “I apologize for the interruption Captain.”

Jim waits some more.

Spock sighs again. “As you may have noticed, Captain, it has been a year since the destruction of Vulcan, and the death of my mother.” Jim rolls his eyes. He's noticed. “As is Vulcan custom, I, and all other Vulcans, have let my hair grow uncut as a sign of mourning.”

Jim nods. He'd noticed them all getting a bit shaggy, but hadn't wanted to say anything. It wasn't his business unless it interfered with regulations, and it hadn't yet.

“However,” Spock continues, “after the initial year has passed, we are required to return to our customary style, with the exception of one lock of hair, which is maintained as a symbol of continued grief. I do not find myself capable of cutting my own hair satisfactorily whilst leaving one lock unshorn. Thus, I ask you to do it.”

Kirk frowns. “Surely the barber would do a better job than I can?”

Spock stills. “Jim." He pauses, and Jim can barely make out what he says next. "...it must be done by family.”


5) “Love Minus Zero/ No Limits”- Bob Dylan



San Francisco, CA, Earth. 2147 hours


It's the first day of a five day conference. It coincided so neatly with their scheduled return to Earth for their end-of-first-year debriefing that there was no hope of Jim getting out of it. He sighs into his beer. A full day of lectures on new technology, debriefing techniques, diplomatic incursions, how-not-to-treat-any-crew-you-might-ever-be-attracted-to. Then the endless dinner with its infinite variations on impressive silverware, unrecognizable dishes, and shades of polite bullshit.

Fortunately at least some of the other captains had felt similarly, and so he found himself happily tagging along with a group of his rank-peers to a rather-more-reputable-than-he's-used-to bar and gleefully facing down an extremely foamy brew.

Now, however, he's regretting not going back to the hotel. Apparently this is in fact an epic bitch session, which is only getting louder as it continues. This is the safe space for captains to complain about their staff, apparently, and bully for them. Except, he doesn't have anyone to complain about. And really, isn't that a good thing?

He tunes back in briefly. The topic has moved to first officers. They chastise, they whine, they obstruct, they sabotage. Really? Mitchell's officer pulls pranks with his laundry? Not that Jim's going to argue that Mitchell doesn't deserve it, but still...

He thinks of Spock. Brilliant, reserved, loyal to a fault. Spock's eyes on his as they come to unspoken agreements, Spock fearlessly covering his back on mission after mission, Spock's voice in his ear as they faced down Nero.

He finishes his beer, drops some credits on the table, and slips out.

He's got better places to be.


6) “How Does It Make You Feel”- Air



The Enterprise, Sickbay. 1653 hours.


The beeping of the monitor is slow, but steady. This is reassuring, at least compared to the utter absence of beeps from it earlier, when Jim's heart had seized yet again post-op. Spock is willing to concede the slow as long as the steady remains.

He is unsure when the link between them formed- it may have something to do with his alternate self and his meld with the captain on Delta Vega, he is not sure. It is unconscionable that he has been so remiss in his own self-examinations that he was unaware of its presence until the accident sent spikes of primal fear stabbing through his brain, even as his body moved beyond possible speeds to his captain's side.

He thinks Jim is unaware of it. He does not intend to tell him. It is not a lie, he thinks. After all, its continuation can only benefit the captain, and therefore, the ship.

Surely it is the logical course.


7) “Do What You Wanna”- Ramsey Lewis



The Enterprise, Ambassadorial Suite. 1932 hours.


Scotty's still has paid off, Jim thinks to himself as he tosses back another one of whatever those pink concoctions of Uhura's are. And judging by the looks on the faces of the visiting delegates, he's not the only one who thinks so.

A smile flickers across his face, quicksilver and predatory. One of the delegates is wearing some very impressively and strategically attached floral decorations on the front of her costume. And, really, not much else. He sets his glass down on the bar and strides purposefully across the room.