begins to laugh, chuckles that rise in his belly and burst out his mouth, filling the room and startling the birds in the tree. The mental picture of a human woman, with Spock’s brown eyes, teaching a roomful of Vulcans how to hold needles is just too much.

Spock eyeballs him, the string abandoned in his hands. He never smiles, but his eyes are glinting in the way that Jim has quickly found means he’s laughing.

“I advise you not to laugh. She is a formidable teacher, my mother.”

Jim giggles, wiping his face with his hand.

“I can just imagine she is, Spock.” He grins. “She sounds great.”

Spock’s eyes soften, and he looks down, then up again to meet Jim’s eyes.

“What about your mother, Jim? Does she indulge in handicrafts?”

Jim freezes, his muscles locked tight.


Blond hair, whipping around his face. The scent of perfume, orange blossom and lavender, mixed with the scent of her skin. The sound of her voice in his ear, low and urgent. Run, Jimmy, run like hell, and whatever you do, don’t look back. Run. Run!


“Jim. Jim.”

There are fingers on his arm, and he startles back into awareness. Spock’s eyes are wide in front of him, the yarn abandoned at his side.

“I am sorry to have upset you.” Spock considers him for a moment. “Are you alright?”

Jim breathes for a moment, in and out, forcing his muscles to relax one by one.

“Yeah. Fine. Sorry.”

“It is of no concern.” Spock sure looks concerned, though, so Jim staggers to his feet, turns to the door panel and opens it.

“I’ll just…I’ll be back. I need some air.”

Spock nods seriously, his eyes never leaving Jim’s face as he walks out the door.

--


He’s alone, finally, and the darkness around him is complete. He knows he has his hands over his ears, but he peels them off, because he needs them to press the buttons. He’s seen Sam do this before, in the flight simulators, and he thinks it must be pretty much the same. It doesn’t matter anyway - they’re coming for him now, so he’ll die either way. At least the metal of the shuttlecraft keeps out the sounds of the screaming as he pushes the buttons to initiate the launch sequence. He’s fading in and out of consciousness - the gun the soldier had used to hit him over the head had been all too solid - but he stays awake through lift off, though, and through breaking orbit. He doesn’t know where he’s going, doesn’t care. They’re dead, they’re all dead, and maybe he will be too. 


He comes to when the chirping of alarms becomes too noisy to ignore. There’s a planet all across the view screen, a big one, and those big green areas sure look like water, and this is bad, because he never did see Sam land in the flight simulators. He pushes the buttons to try and make the lights flash green instead of red, hauls back on the throttle, and aims for something that’s not ocean. He remembers just in time to put on his seatbelt and relax his muscles, and then everything is loud and then black.

--

“What were you doing before you crashed?”

Spock pauses in his carving to look at Jim.

“We were conducting a routine survey to see if the planet was inhabited, and if so, by what sort of beings. To see what kinds of resources it has.”

“‘We’?”

“Myself, Ensign Glover, and Lieutenant Ajmani.” Spock’s face falls slightly at the names, and Jim feels a brief pang of guilt for bringing them up.

“What was your job?”

“I am in training to become a Science Officer.” Spock sits a little straighter, his shoulders lining up. “I graduated with highest honors from my school, and was admitted to Starfleet, where I am in training to become a bridge officer and a head scientist.”

Jim looks at him curiously.

“What does that mean?”

Spock looks briefly flummoxed, as though he can’t imagine not knowing what Starfleet is, or what being a Science Officer would mean. His face clears, and he peers more closely at Jim.

“Jim, how did you get here? I was under the impression that you were not an infant, but you seem to have very little knowledge of life off-planet.” His face is earnest, and Jim squashes the instinctive desire to get up and run, to flee from even the thought of his previous life.

“I don’t really know, Spock.” He looks at his hands, at the rough places on his fingers, the calluses on his palms from building his house, from wielding a bow. “I wasn’t an