and plate back to the replicator to be recycled before brushing your teeth and lying down on your bed.



--



She’s there when you wake from the nightmare, panting and clenching your teeth so hard your jaw is popping. You take a moment to breathe your way to relative alertness past the adrenaline rush, and take her in, fully clothed except for her jacket and shoes, lying there on the bed beside you. She pulls you close and holds you in her arms as you burst into tears, face pressed against her warm chest, leaving wet spots on her turtleneck. She strokes her fingers through your hair and murmurs nonsense words, and for all that you’ve dreamed of having your face shoved into her breasts like this, there is nothing in your touch but the helpless clutching of a man desperate for comfort, for reassurance. 



Your breathing slows after a while, but she remains, waiting until she can feel your body beginning to tense with embarrassment before she says, “Tell me.”



“Which part?” You say, beginning to realize the full extent of the beating your body has taken as you stretch your legs out and pull back. Sleep has done nothing to ease your aches and pains; you feel worse now than before, stiff and old and undeserving. She doesn’t let you get far, for which you’re grateful; you feel obligated to try to do this on your own, but you don’t really want to break contact.



She shrugs. “All of it.”



You resettle yourself on your side facing her, one arm stretched across her hips, your head nestled against the front of her shoulder. You’re always surprised by how small she is; her presence is so large, that when you touch her, it takes you aback, the physical evidence of this indomitable person contained in such a seemingly delicate vessel. 



“When my grandfather started to lose his mind,” you begin, glad that you can’t see her face, “he wasn’t happy about it. Not at first.” You collect your thoughts, letting yourself settle into the calming immediacy of her presence, and continue. “Later on, he was insistent that that was the only way he could be. He wouldn’t take his meds, he wouldn’t agree to be watched, he was a danger; mostly to himself, but sometimes to others, when he was deeply in the visions.” You take a breath, memories churning through your mind. You haven’t thought of this in years, have tried to forget it. “It was never the fact that he had the visions, heard the voices that bothered me. It was…” You think for a moment. “I guess it was two things, really. The first was that he lost his relationships- he couldn’t stay in the moment long enough to have a conversation, he couldn’t remember things you’d told him the day before, he didn’t always recognize his own wife, his own children. He had spent his whole life dedicated to his people, to his family, and by the end of his life, he was lost in his head, alone.”



She makes an encouraging noise, the fingers of her hand rubbing at the base of your neck, digging into the tendons and pushing on pressure points.



“The second…” you breathe out, and choose your words carefully. “I don’t know whether he was crazy, or whether he was touched by the spirits. I don’t know that those are mutually exclusive things. But… I could never tell if it was his 

choice

.” Her fingers still against your skin, then move up into your hair, continuing the firm, soothing motions from before. “In the beginning, he didn’t want it, I know that. But at some point he did, and I never knew whether that was because he, the man, my grandfather, weighed and considered the options and the events and then made a conscious choice to accept the spirits, or whether the chemicals in his brain took the choice away from him.” You shake your head, thinking of your grandfather as a young man, tall, handsome, unbent. “Should we have forced him to be medicated? We didn’t want to strip him of his autonomy, but had he already been robbed of it by the voices in his head?” You realize your voice has risen, and you exhale slowly, shifting against the mattress. “The idea of losing my family, my friends… of losing you…” her hand stills again, and you can feel the light tension in her body. “It’s about the worst thing I can imagine, but there are instances in which I would choose it. If the loss would benefit the crew, or you… I would do it.”



“Yes,” she says, “the needs of the many…”



“Yes,” you agree. “It would be the worst thing in my life, but it would be worth it. Even if I weren’t able to choose it, for whatever