. “I couldn’t sleep, and I thought maybe… you couldn’t either.”



The tea is cooling, but he takes a sip. Where is she, he wonders, in the room next to his? Is she lying in bed, hair spread out on the pillow as she talks to him? Sitting in one of her chairs, still in her uniform?



“...Commander?”



“Chakotay,” he replies automatically,  “no. I couldn’t sleep.”



She sighs softly, the comm faithfully rendering the quiet noise, and he thinks of her in loose pants and a shirt, leaning against the bulkhead behind him. 



“This was a bad idea,” she says, decision in her tone. “I’m sorry to have disturbed you, Commander.”



“

Wait

,” he says, putting his hand out as though she’d see it, as though she’s really here with him. “Wait. What did you need?”



There’s a long pause again, and he wonders for a moment if she closed the connection without hearing him. 



“Company, I guess,” she says finally, and he nods. 



“Would you like me to come over?” he asks, “It’s a short commute,” he adds, and chuckles. 



“No,” she says, but he can hear the amusement in her tone. “No, that’s alright, but maybe…”



“Maybe?” he prompts after a moment.



“...maybe we could just talk?” Her voice is hesitant, and this is a side of her he hasn’t met yet. It’s as captivating as all the others, he thinks, and smiles. 

Captivating

.



“What would you like to talk about, Captain?” he asks, resettling himself against the wall and taking another drink of his tea.



“Kathryn,” she says firmly, and he can’t help the skip his heart gives in his chest. It’s the first time she’s asked him to use her name, and the intimacy of it thrills him here, sparking a small glow at the center of his chest that kindles softly, fed by the echoes of her voice in his darkened quarters. 



“Kathryn,” he repeats softly, turning the word around in his mouth, feeling how the shape of it fills the space between tongue and teeth. 



He hears her shift through the comm link, the sound of fabric on skin. Is her hair up or down, he wonders. Does she braid it tightly for bed like his sister? How far down her back does it fall when it’s not tied into that impenetrable up-do?



“Are you satisfied with the duty roster?” she asks, and he shakes his head in amusement. He’s never known her to prevaricate. “Did you have any changes to suggest?”



“I think it’s fine,” he replies easily. “I noticed you’re maintaining the split of the Maquis leadership across all three shifts.”



“I think it prudent, at least for now,” she says carefully, but with no room for argument, and he shrugs.



“I think you’re right. I have no objections,” he answers calmly, “particularly as regards Seska and a few others. They are loyal to me, so far as I know, but I think not yet to you.”



“Oh, I’m aware,” she says wryly, and he smiles at her tone. How she manages to be amused at the general ongoing threat of mutiny is beyond him, but he appreciates it. “And your quarters, Co… Chakotay? How are they suiting?”



“Well,” he says rubbing a hand over his head, “I think I liked my ship better. This one’s a little impersonal.” He can almost feel her bristle across the comm link at the very idea of her ship being inferior to any other, and barely keeps from laughing. “But I’m very comfortable, thank you.”


“I trust you’ll let me know if there’s anything I can do to improve them,” she says, and he bites his tongue. Sit in them, he wants to say, be here with me. Get your scent on the couch, rearrange the tchotchkes on the shelf, leave some mark of your presence in my space. Treat it as your own, treat me as your own.


“I will,” he says, and the silence holds between them. She shuffles again after a minute, two, have passed, and he begins to worry she’ll break the link, so he asks, “how are you holding up, Captain?”, and listens as she tries to decide how to respond. 



“Kathryn,” she says again finally, and he nods. “I’m holding up fine.”



“Good,” he says, and waits. She rustles around again, and he amuses himself with the thought of her sitting through his grandfather’s meditation drills as a child. Hopeless, he thinks fondly, though she’d probably have gone on to master them by dint of sheer stubbornness