. See you Saturday.”

There’s a pause, and Zach resolutely shuffles his papers again, reading the weather for the weekend (sunny, clear, winds from the south-west at 15 mph) for the third time.

The door whispers shut, and Zach can breathe again, the space behind him sadly and blessedly empty.

Still, he knows. He’ll see those lips in his mind’s eye tonight, licking. He’ll tuck his hands under his arms, and lay, stiff, until he falls asleep.

--

New guy is there in the morning, looking chilly and chipper in the gloom of the pre-dawn light as Zach pulls his car up and parks. It’s definitely cold, somewhere around forty degrees he’d guess, but at least it’s far enough into spring that there’s no snow to knock off the big satellite dish out back. 

“Morning, Zach!”

Zach just grunts, forcing himself not to stare at the goose-bumped strip of skin between the bottom of the guy’s shirt and the top hem of his sweatpants. It’s pale and glowing in the dim light, and Zach puts his hand to the keypad of the door to keep himself from just reaching out and touching.

The door swings open and they’re in, Zach clicking lights as he moves through the open-ceilinged back room, checking the whirring towers of equipment automatically as he tears off and logs the overnight report, signing into the logbook and dating it, clocking in as he climbs the stairs to the control room to take the station off overnight automation set-ups.

“What are you doing?”

Oh. Right. He’s supposed to be training. 

“Umm… crap.” He’s been doing this so long it’s just a series of motions to him, and he can’t bear the thought of having to force his sleepy brain to parse through the steps right at this moment. He waves a hand vaguely. “Come on. We have to do the first break. I’ll show you how to open up… later.”

The guy looks disappointed, but what’s he going to do, argue? He follows quietly up the stairs behind Zach, stands silently in the corner while Zach gives the station identification, the weather, and the underwriter, while desperately trying not to sound like he’s seconds from going back to sleep. He settles on the couch when Zach tells him to, and is still there when Zach wakes up just in time for the next break, his eyes watchful and his fingers still. 

--

There’s something about this kid, and Zach just can’t shake it. It’s like… it’s like he doesn’t believe in personal space. Yes, the station is small. Yes, the rooms are tiny, and crammed with stack upon stack of various electronics, running the gamut from cutting edge to decades obsolete. But still, Zach thinks when he turns around and whacks his elbow into Chris’ middle for the third time that evening, this is just not right.

He wouldn’t even really care, he thinks, placing the dat in the player and fast-forwarding, if it weren’t the way that every time he brushes against the other guy’s arm or stomach or back, he can feel the heat of him, the warmth radiating off that skin like a furnace. It raises the hair on his arms, makes him shiver surreptitiously in the dim fluorescent lighting.

It’s distracting.

It’s too much, somehow, and even though it’s been three weeks, and the novelty should be wearing off, he’s still verging on obsessed, watching as Chris moves, catching his breath every time Chris presses close to him, those eyes peering at him inscrutably. 

Zach has resigned himself to the continual presence of this crush. All he can do at this point is ride it out; these things pass, and so he will wait. 

At some point he will also stop masturbating to the sound of Chris’ voice giving station identifications. That might help, who knows?

--

He’s a smart guy, Chris, but he hides it well. Zach isn’t sure why, but he does; keeps the poetry mostly hidden under a Sports Illustrated, uses “hella” and “fuckin’ a, man” in spite of his accidental dropping of “obsequious” and “amorphous” in early morning conversation. He catches on quickly, memorizing the functions of every knob, button, and geegaw on the board, learning the finer points of the recording programs and the FCC regulations in record time. 

He’s pretty, and intelligent, and well, Zach can overlook the asshole act. Everyone’s got something to hide, and everyone’s got their own reasons for it. Chris is fun, and helpful, and quite frankly, the easiest employee he’s ever had to train.

He finds himself stretching it out, finding ways to keep Chris coming in to share Zach’s shifts.