repress a smile. This was, what was the human phrase? Oh, yes- like shooting fish in a barrel.

He looked at Jim from under his eyelashes, holding the small rectilinear expansion module lightly between two fingers.

“I believe that this is all I shall be requiring from you.” He tipped his head appraisingly, and allowed the curl of lust to pool in his belly. “For the moment.” Jim’s eyes grew impossibly wider as he attempted to rationalize away the double entendre as illogical.  “What do I owe you?”

Jim waved a hand magnanimously. “Oh, don’t worry about it. People are always giving me spare parts when I fix shit for them. It’s nothing.”

Spock raised an eyebrow. This particular part was neither common nor cheap. This Jim character was more interesting than he first thought.

“Nevertheless, I insist on repayment. Perhaps…” He nearly smiled, he would not smile, “Perhaps a tour of the ship?” He fingered the part gently, metal lubricant making his fingertips gleam in the dim light. Jim’s mouth was hanging open. “Of the engine room?”

No response.

“Good. I shall expect you at 1900 hours.”

-- 

The security officer at the barbed wire gate to the construction site gave Jim a thorough once-over before glancing incredulously at his ID, making Jim suddenly overly conscious of his stained jeans and leather jacket.

“Lt. Commander Spock has left instructions for you at the main guardhouse. Down the road, third door on the right.”

The first sight that greeted him as he stepped from the turbolift was an ass. Spock’s ass, to be precise; round, firm, and sheathed in black fabric. Jim felt his mouth go dry. The muscles in the back of Spock’s thigh flexed enticingly as he leaned further down the Jeffries tube to reach for a tool. Jeans that had fit just fine this morning were suddenly too tight, and Jim reached as casually as possible to adjust himself. He coughed discreetly, not trusting his voice to work.

The legs flexed again as Spock began to climb down, the fabric sliding smoothly across the inside of his knee. Jim tore his gaze away, forcing his eyes down, and attempting to control the flush rising in his neck. An engine tour, he reminded himself, not a fucking first date. A look at mechanical bits, that's all. And if the tour guide just happens to be the fucking hottest engineer known to sentient beings anywhere, well, that just doesn't enter into it.

He raised his eyes to see the Vulcan studying him closely, his eyes dark and secretive, his lips full, and curling just slightly at the corners.

God.

He had a small smear of light blue hydraulics fluid near his left eye. Jim wanted to lick it off, slowly.

“Greetings, Jim. I am pleased to see you.”

Jim's brain attempted to respond, fighting for its fair share of his limited blood supply.

“Uhhmm... hi! Hope that, uh, part worked out for you?” He waved his hands in desperation. “Uh, thanks? For having me up? Very exciting?”

He winced. What was he, twelve? So much for this guy ever wanting to see him again. Well, at least he'd get to see the Enterprise. He might as well make the most of it.

-- 

Spock couldn't believe his luck. This was just too good. Jim was nearly beside himself with lust, and yet was still trying to behave normally. It should prove highly entertaining to see exactly how long he was capable of maintaining this farcical charade. He widened his eyes deliberately, holding the other man's gaze.

“I believe I promised you a tour. Shall we begin with my current project? It would be a shame to be anything less than” his eyes raked the form in front of him, “...thorough.”

He forced his face into the most neutral expression he could manage, and gestured with an open and callused hand to the mouth of the Jeffries tube in front of him.

“Please. If you would precede me, I will be better able to direct your attention.”

Jim collected himself as best he could, and climbed the little set of stairs to the tube. He felt uneasy about not being able to see the Vulcan, but, on the other hand, it would keep him from fantasizing quite as much.

The panel where Spock had been working was immediately visible on the left, the glowing lights mesmerizing as they traced the intricate patterns of the ship’s circuitry in the dim recesses of the wall. He caught his breath. He’d never been on a ship this advanced before, much less allowed to inspect her inner workings. She was beautiful. He could hear the soft noises of his companion climbing into the tube behind him, but paid no attention. He reached his hand out, stretching a finger to adjust a tiny dial.

“There’s something just here, it’s a little… ouch!”

Blue light