against the wall for support until the wave of emotion abates.


-- 


“Father, what is the significance of placing a bird in the Christmas tree?” 



 
He is five, and his father is holding him up to set a small flocked partridge on an upper branch. His mother is covering her smile with her hand.



 
“It is a reference to an old Terran song associated with the season.” Sarek catches Amanda’s eye with one of those looks that is the closest to a smile Spock has ever seen his father come. “On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me…”



Spock startles in his father’s arms at the sound of his voice. Sarek almost never sings. His mother joins in, moving around the replicated tree to their side.



“… a partridge in a pear tree!”


-- 

Jim is watching him silently, and Spock thinks that the look on Jim’s face is just a shade too close to anxiety, so he approaches the tree to give it a thorough inspection.


It is short; perhaps about a meter high. Jim has run strips of tape over the plastic base, affixing it to the top of the console at the end of the beds, raising the top to a little above head height. It’s more than a little bedraggled, the plasticene branches alternately drooping or bent at awkward angles. The lights are lovely; small and twinkly, even those that are strobing in uneven sequence. Ornaments cover the stiff boughs, running the gamut from what looks like a very antique mercury glass ball down to a carefully painted plastic snowman with the letters JTK written in wavery black marker on the bottom. Spock pinches a branch, inhaling as the replicated smell of pine straggles out of the decrepit scent producers on the ends of the needles. He steps back gently.



“It is a magnificent tree.”



Jim barks a laugh, and Spock turns, surprised.



“You don’t have to patronize, Spock. It’s a piece of crap old tree. In and out of its box for at least thirty years now.”


 “It is unlike any other tree I have ever seen.”

 Jim laughs again.

 “Well, at least I can believe that.” He turns, heading for the alcove. “C’mon, Spock, your drink may be spiked, but mine’s not.”

 Jim wraps his fingers around the neck of the bottle, his shoulders tight and high. Unscrews the cap, and begins to pour, when there’s an abrupt BOOM and the room is plunged into darkness.

“Oh, for the love of…really? Really?” Spock’s eyes are adjusting enough to see how Jim has slumped forward, hanging his head. “Really? We’re stuck in a hotel, in the middle of nowhere, and now the power’s gonna blow?”


He straightens his spine and lifts his hands from the counter, turning to face Spock.



“Hang on.” There’s a sound of rummaging, followed by a flare of light. Apparently even off the ship Jim is nothing if not prepared. Spock can make out the shape of an ancient cylindrical flashlight, the beam of which flashes wildly around the room as Jim goes rummaging through another of his mysterious containers. He emerges after a moment with a battery pack in one hand, and an old-fashioned LED lantern in the other, triumphantly snapping the pack into place. The lantern casts a reassuring amount of light, a haloed glow shining on Jim’s face as he raises the lamp up to look around the room.



“Well, I did bring extra blankets. But…” He trails off, looking worriedly at Spock’s face. “If it’s really out, it’s gonna get awful chilly in here, Spock.”



“Jim, I am sure that I will…”



 A pounding on the door interrupts him, making him startle slightly. Jim holds his gaze for a moment, then pushes past him to peer out the small peephole. He grunts in vague annoyance, then opens the door to reveal the motel clerk rubbing his hands in front of him.



“Yes?”



“Hey, um, so, you might have noticed, but, ummm…”



“Get to the fucking 
point
, man.” Jim’s voice is hard. The man in front of him blinks dumbly, then continues.



“So, yeah. Power’s out. Can’t do anything about it. Commed the power company, they say it’s the temperature drop seizing up the transmitter cables all over, ain’t shit they can do about it either.”



“Mother
fuck
.”



“So, uh, yeah, you know. Bundle up.” The man leers at Spock. “Keep each other warm.”



Jim slams the door in his face before turning apologetically to Spock. His face is grim.



“Spock, I’m so sorry. I should never have brought you with me.” His face lingers for a moment in remorse, then clears into his capable captain mask. “Ok, so. We have to stay warm. We’ve got enough snacks and