in Kumamoto,” Guren mutters. He tugs at Shinya’s yukata sleeve until half of Shinya’ chest is bared. “I thought the trip might be less boring if I invited you along.”

“I like it when you’re being honest,” Shinya comments. He shakes his arms free of the yukata, still refusing to get on the futon with Guren.   He looses the front of his yukata and lets it fall to the floor as well. Guren arches an eyebrow when he sees that Shinya is completely nude wihtout the yukata.

Guren sits up straight and tugs at Shinya’s hand again. “Stop dilly-dallying and get in here already! I told you that I have to get up early tomorrow.”

“But it’s such a waste to not get in the hot spring outside.” Shinya pouts. “What’s the point of booking the most expensive room if you’re not going to do anything but sleep in it?”

Without waiting for Guren’s reply, Shinya saunters over to the doors and sits on the hardwood-floored deck with one of his knee drawn up. “C’mon, Guren. You can’t go to a hot springs ryokan and not take a dip. That’s just a waste of money and time.”

Guren groans as he rolls out of the futon. He doesn’t stand up; rather, he crawls towards Shinya on his hands and knees. “This requires too much effort,” Guren grouses. He stretches his arms out. “If you want us to soak in there together so badly, you can take my clothes off for me.”

Shinya chuckles. “You are so lazy. I don’t know how I put up with you.” Nonetheless, Shinya takes Guren’s yukata for him along with his underwear. “Do I need to carry you into the spring as well?”

Guren’s cheeks turn pink. “No!” he refuses. Shinya giggles as he caresses the pinked cheeks with his thumbs. Guren turns his face as Shinya leans in to kiss his cheek.

“Great. Now you choose to play hard to get,” Shinya mutters. “What do I have to do around here to enjoy a hot spring to the fullest?”

Shinya moves to stand up, only to find himself pulled back downwards onto Guren’s lap. “Fullest, you say?” Guren whispers into Shinya’s ear. He kisses the back of Shinya’s ear and makes his way towards Shinya’s shoulder blades.

“Mm-hmm,” Shinya hums. He twists out of Guren’s half-assed hug. He sashays to the hot spring and climbs in slowly. Once he is settled in, Shinya cranes his neck around to gaze straight into Guren’s eyes and taunt, “You coming in?”

Guren grins as he stands up. Instead of replying, he gets inside the spring and seats himself next to Shinya. Shinya plays along when Guren grips his waist, letting Guren lift him up into Guren’s lap. Shinya turns around and grinds down to Guren’s mostly soft cock.

“You really are the worst,” Shinya says, voice sotto voce as his lips brush along Guren’s jawline.

“And you love me for it,” Guren counters. He moves one hand to hold their cocks together.

“We’ll see.”

 

 

-

 

 

When Mika shows up at Yuu’s doorstep after reporting to his father, he is greeted by a shirtless and rosy-cheeked Yuu.

“Good evening,” Mika greets. He holds up a bottle of sake he took from his father’s liquor stash. (In his defense, his father doesn’t mind it when he takes a bottle or two from it occasionally). “I, uh, didn’t want to turn up empty-handed.”

Yuu’s cheeks turn even redder. “Thanks.” He takes the bottle from Mika’s hand. When their fingers brush, static electricity passes between them, causing them to jump away from each other as they mumble ‘sorry’ at the same time.

“Ah, come in,” Yuu instructs. Mika realises that he’s been standing at the entrance like an idiot. He nods and complies.

Yuu’s apartment isn’t what Mika is used to: it’s on the smaller side and it’s obvious that it’s been occupied by several different tenants. Mika still finds it cozy, similar to how he felt at Yuu’s tattoo parlour. Mika follows Yuu as he leads Mika to the kitchenette and places the sake on a small dinner table.

“Want something to drink?” Yuu offers.

“Not really,” Mika replies. Mika can’t help but stare at Yuu’s lips as he licks them. “Let’s not beat around the bush,” he utters as he strides forward and kisses Yuu squarely on the lips. He smiles when Yuu grips the back of his head tilts Mika’s head more to Mika’s right, the other hand going to cup Mika’s ass.

Yuu is the one to break their kiss when the need