elaborate shirt.  “She stayed in the back for the most of it.  I don’t think she means to kill me.” A silent ‘yet’ hangs in the space between them.

“I just wish to know why she is waging a pointless war,” Mika complains.  “We agreed on a treaty three centuries ago and we sacrificed a lot!  Does she even have a brain in her skull or is it empty like a goblet?”

Yuu chuckles.  “It is rare to see you so agitated, Your Majesty.”

Mika’s cheeks tint blue, and they grow colder.  Oh, the joy of having the magic and very essence of wintry nights running in his veins.  “Wars unravel even the most stone-hearted of the rulers.”

“Mm-hmm.  I was just pointing it out.  You don’t get this agitated in bed, which makes me wonder if you keep me around only for my pretty face.”

Yuu leans in and kisses Mika on his (undoubtedly silvery blue) lips.  Mika’s lips part automatically and he sighs as Yuu feels around with his tongue, teasing and pleasing Mika in the best of ways.  Even when they were younglings barely old enough to take physical form, there had been this fire that burnt between them; it was something that only they felt with each other.  Yuu always knew how to cheer Mika up no matter what situation brought Mika down.  Upon talking to his father Mika found out that the strangely familiar sensation signified a bond between a royal faery and his life mate, a link that only death can part.  Both he and Yuu were exhilarated by the revelation as it meant that the entire kingdom would celebrate their love, not question it.

And now, the very bond brought Mika anxiety and sorrow with each setting dawn.

Yuu nips on the front laces of Mika’s breeches.  Mika’s breaths fall past his lips a faster tempo.  Every time Yuu exhales, it feels as though the warmth of is caresses and surrounds the area between Mika’s thighs.  Yuu is probably using minor Olde Magick to play parlour tricks.  What a show off.  If Yuu’s parents had not been ambassadors from the South, of the Fey of Eternal Summer and Sun’s Blessings, Mika never would have learned how warm and inviting sun and summer can be.

“Take them off.”

Yuu tugs at the laces in a teasing manner.  “And?”

Mika smirks down at Yuu’s equally smirking face, face glowing with summery orange and pink.  “Put your mouth to good work, Yuu-yxion.”

The summer fey smirks.  “What if I told you that I didn’t wanna?”

The king shrugs.  “Then what else have you in your mind?”

Yuu circles his thumbs on the soft flesh on the inside of Mika’s thighs.  The warmth rekindles and almost tickles Mika as Yuu curls his fingers around Mika’s growing arousal.

“Wha-what are you doing?” Mika questions.

“You know exactly what,” Yuu answers, a smile gracing his lips.

Mika’s breath hitches in his throat.  Yuu’s hand traipses down further from his groin and towards his buttocks.  Yuu must have stopped imbuing his fingertips with the summer magick but the remnants remain and roam Mika’s inner thighs.  As Yuu’s fingers trail up and down the curve of Mika’s ass and the crack in-between, Yuu’s lips graze the soft skin between Mika’s shoulder blades.  With his free hand, Yuu caresses Mika’s chest, which is the best and the worst part of all of this.

“Yuu tends to try out new things every time we have time to indulge ourselves these days so yes, I would like to know what I am signing myself up for.”

Yuu stands up and turns Mika’s face gingerly to kiss the corner of his mouth, the centre of his lips, the bridge of his nose, on his forehead, and on his lips again.  “I am your k’hlyae before I am your subject.  Right now, when we have the chance to be together without the war council in the same space, I just want to love you.  two fey, one heart, no regal responsibilities.  Even if it is short periods of time in a world filled with tragedy, I want us to forget about the worldly matters when we can talk with each other face to face.”

It appears that Mika wants to say something; naturally, Yuu whirls Mika back around and hugs him tightly.  After what feels like blissful eternity, Yuu’s hands go up to cup Mika’s jawline and partially cover his ears.  Yuu touches their foreheads together and Mika feels his body calm down and warm up from the contact.  With each breath that Mika exhales, warm, sun-like comfort fills up his body.  Mika’s hands twitch out of reflex in an effort to wipe his tears away, which Yuu does not allow.

Yuu shakes his head, their foreheads still pressed together.  “You can cry when you are around me.  It’s totally fine, you