the point then.”

With that, he grabs the front of Kageyama’s jersey and pulls him in.  Using Kageyama’s momentary lapse in balance, he kisses Kageyama.  The kiss is over almost as soon as it began, barely giving Iwaizumi enough time to process what happened.

“This again.”  Again?  What do you again? Iwaizumi screams out in his head.   “If this is your tactic to sway my resolve, you are wasting your time.”

Oikawa composes his face into one that even Iwaizumi cannot read.  “I guess I’ll have to keep on trying, don’t I, then?  I’ll see you around, Tobio-chan~”

Iwaizumi catches up to Oikawa the moment they are out of Kageyama’s sight.  “What the fuck was that?”

If Oikawa is surprised to see him there, he doesn’t let it show on his face.  “Ah, Iwa-chan.  You saw that, didn’t you?  Think of it as a kind senpai greeting his former kouhai.”

“Bullshit,” he spits out.  “Don’t think you can lie straight to my face, Shittykawa.  I’ve known you for years, remember?”

Oikawa scratches the back of his head.  He starts to laugh but Iwaizumi can see the tears in his eyes.  “Iwa-chan, you really act like my mother, don’t ya?  If you really are my mother, please let this go.”

“The hell I will, you idiot!” he grabs the collar of Oikawa’s collar and twists it up, not unlike how Oikawa treated Kageyama a few minutes ago.  “If this is going to affect the qualifiers, we need to sort this out now before it becomes dire.”

“I told you earlier that this is nothing important!” Oikawa explodes.  “Don’t treat me like a little boy with his first crush!”

Iwaizumi all but throws Oikawa into a nearby tree.  A few of the passersby gasp and start to eye them up with worry in their eyes.

“Then don’t behave like one,” Iwaizumi warns before he lets Oikawa go.  He doesn’t even bother to wait for Oikawa’s response as he storms off.

 

 

-

 

 

Iwaizumi hates to admit it but he can’t stop himself from following Oikawa after practices.  Their team has definitely picked up on their tension and they do everything they can to stay out of it or overcome it during the practices.  As a third year, Iwaizumi berates himself for not being mature enough to confront Oikawa about it.  Come to think of it, half the fault is with Oikawa, seeing that he has not stopped sneaking off to Karasuno to rile up Kageyama with his indecency.

But it only takes about a week for the tables to turn against Iwaizumi’s favour.

Instead of letting Oikawa drag him into his game, Kageyama surprises both Oikawa and Iwaizumi by initiating the kiss.  When they break apart, both of them are breathing hard and Kageyama’s lips look suspiciously wet.  He himself looks surprised by his own actions.  While he can’t hear the words they are exchanging, Iwaizumi can deduce enough from their facial expressions.

He thought he had a head start returning home but it takes Oikawa only a minute to catch up to him.

“My, my, do we have a peeping tom here?” Oikawa singsongs.

“I told you to stop toying around with the poor kid,” he warns.

“But you saw him kiss me back, didn’t you, Iwa-chan?”

“Your flippant attitude disgusts me,” he retorts.

Oikawa wraps his arm around Iwaizumi’s shoulders.  “Meanie.  Do you want to know why he finally kissed me back?”

Only a fool would have to look up to see that Oikawa is one second away from tears.  Instead of asking for the obvious, Iwaizumi clamps his hand over Oikawa’s mouth.  Oikawa shakes his head as he steps backwards to free himself.

“You can’t do that, that’s cheating.”

Oikawa pushes Iwaizumi into a smaller alley and traps him between his arms and a wall.  Iwaizumi stares blankly at Oikawa, unimpressed.

“Why aren’t you saying anything, Iwa-chan?” Oikawa asks hoarsely, tears finally flowing down his cheeks.  His voice breaks over the next words.  “C’mon!  Punch me, kick me, be your usual self!  Don’t take pity on me just because Tobio told me that that was the last time!  Dammit, why aren’t you doing anything? Say something I’m g—”

He can’t even call it a kiss; no, it’s far too violent and one-sided to call it such a romantic, thought-out gesture.  It’s Iwaizumi-s selfishness materialised, crushed and rendered impossible in the wake of Oikawa’s heartache.  He isn’t expecting anything back.  A punch for a knee-kick to the guts, maybe, but not for Oikawa to kiss him back.  He knows all too well that Oikawa is only acting out of desperation.

Then why can’t