but Noiz sees right through him.

“Order whatever looks good, I don’t care how expensive it is,” he comments as he looks up the even more expensive end of the spectrum. “Like I said, my family entrusts me with the company and I make more than I can spend anyway.”

In the end, they order some exotic foods that Aoba can’t name. They taste good, of course, and over the duration of their date, Aoba relaxes into the atmosphere. The soft jazz playing in the background and the wine that they’ve been drinking really is soothing and Aoba finds himself comfortable enough to share more details about himself with Noiz.

“Your hair is so pretty though,” Noiz compliments when Aoba mentions being mistaken as a girl when he was a kid. “I like it on you.”

Aoba blushes, hoping that he can pass it off as coming from the wine. “Let’s see how you like it when all the neighbourhood kids come round to tease you and pull on your hair because you look like a pretty little girl.”

“I’d punch them in the nose,” Noiz deadpans. “Show them I’m not something to be toyed with.”

Aoba thinks that just about sums up Noiz. Confident and quick to decide.

At the end of the date, Noiz walks him up to the front door and lingers.

“I had a lot of fun tonight,” he says, looking straight into Aoba’s eyes.

“Me too. We should do it again sometime. How long are you here for?”

“A month, at least. Depends on the progress we make. Good night then.”

Noiz darts in and presses his lips to Aoba’s for a split second. When he pulls back, he smirks and walks out the front gates. Aoba just stand there, stunned and red-faced, as his mind keeps replaying the scene.

 

 

 

-

 

 

 

More days and dates go by and Aoba knows that he has completely fallen for Noiz. Maybe it’s the way his pale green eyes grow warm at the sight of Aoba, or his carefree laughter that only Aoba can bring out. Or maybe, it’s just Noiz himself.

And it makes him scared.

In a short amount of time, Aoba has fallen deep and there isn’t a way for him to pull himself back up, at least none that he can see to use or make up.

He just wants to know if Noiz feels the same way about him.

And one evening, his Gran calls him down to talk to him.

“Aoba, I’m worried,” she says bluntly. “I can see so clearly that something is bothering you yet you haven’t spoken to me. Koujaku and Mizuki says that they haven’t heard you disclose anything to them either so please, if there’s anything you need to talk about I’m here for you.”

Aoba sighs. “I’m in love, Granny. And it scares me so much how much this person has changed my life.”

“Who is he?”

“Noiz. We met on the plane on the way back from Europe and we just clicked, you know? Then he found me here and we’ve been going out ever since. The thing is, I’m fallen completely yet I’ve no idea how he feels about me.”

Gran pulls him into a hug. “You should always follow your heart, Aoba. But at the same time, if you aren’t sure of where you’re head, you will stumble and fall even harder. Think about it real hard before you act on it.”

“Thanks, Granny. You’re the best,” Aoba says as he blinks back his tears.

“I’m always here, remember that.”

 

 

 

-

 

 

 

A couple days later, Aoba is in Noiz’s hotel room, both of their tops off and a light sheen of sweat covering their torsos.

“Noiz . . .” he moans when Noiz veers off his mouth and starts to suck on the side of his jaw.

“Yeah?”

“Don’t, nnngh, don’t tease.”

Noiz goes lower and flicks his tongue across an erect nipple. “But you look so gorgeous like this.”

“Haaa, please?” Aoba begs, all dignity gone.

“Mmm, no.”

He takes out a thing of lube and then pulls off Aoba’s trousers and boxers. He coats his fingers liberally with the slippery substance before he rubs at the pucker. Only when desperate, whiny noises escape past Aoba’s lips does he push in one finger.

Aoba’s never actually had sex with guys before but he has fingered himself once or twice. He arches into the touch and is soon asking for more. It feels nice to be pleasured this way, somewhat full and spikes of pleasure coursing up his spine every time Noiz’s fingertips touch his prostate.

“Noiz,” he gasps out at the particularly hard jab into his prostate. “Fuck me already!”

“You sure?” Noiz asks, eyes burning with lust and passion