It only escalated from there.  Mika let Atsuto have his way and it amused to see how easily the man trust a scrawny kid like Mika once he gave his body away.  Yes, he was sore in places afterwards but it was not as nearly as painful nor strenuous as he had previously thought.  It was fun but not in the conventional way.  He enjoyed watching the Atsuto’s defenses fall away as he fucked into Mika with wild abandon.   He was fascinated by the blind trust that he earned after such a trivial matter. 

 

Mika still came over to Atsuto’s place after that.  An unspoken understanding existed between them: if Mika stayed until after midnight, they would fuck and Mika usually learned a new trick or two.  If Mika didn’t stay that long, Atsuto still let Mika do whatever in his home, even going as far as watching Mika jerk off when he was too busy with work to actually have sex with Mika.

But he was not the only one Mika was seeing.

He managed to sweet-talk a girl going to the local college to take him home one night.  She had put up a good fight, adamantly lecturing Mika about good behaviour before she gave into her lust and agreed to a one-off.  It would take Mika a few more hook-ups with women before he decided that he did not enjoy sex with women as much as he basked in the different sort of intimacy he could share with men.

There was a man by whom he let himself be picked up at the local ‘gay district’.  For a salary man clad in designer suit, he was submissive and weak-willed, willing to let a kid boss him around for the night.

That one was more than willing to spoil Mika in exchange for frequent sex.  ‘It’s not like prostituting’, he would tell Mika.  He was simply gifting Mika because he thought Mika was beautiful and definitely wise beyond his years.  Mika would laugh and ask him, ‘wise in what ways?’  It served as a cue for Mika to throw the man down to the nearest flat surface and fuck him senseless.

There were many others who were not memorable enough for Mika to recall the specifics.  He felt more alive at night when he could throw away his pretense of being the good kid and be as diabolical and unchildish as he desired.  It did not take long for him to figure out exactly how to draw in those older men who were hungry for something different, someone young but skilled in ways they did not even dare dream of.  It was pathetically easy to snare them in and enthral them, in a sense. 

But he always returned to Atsuto.  He found a sense of comfort with Atsuto and the feeling seemed to be somewhat requited. 

 

 

-

 

 

Mika was sixteen when he seizes his first chance at doing something to change the fucked up world.

He was waiting for a train on his way home from school when he noticed that one of the screens is showing a news channel.  On the screen was a man who had been released from prison after a minimal sentence.  The news reporter proceeded to reveal that the man was a repeat sex offender and would be staying under house arrest for the next ten days before he was fully released into the society.

To hell with that.

A million different ideas and plans sprang into Mika’s head.  As he stepped onto the next train, he started to narrow down the ideas and plans to ones he knew that he could carry out.  The offender’s information should be easy to track down especially with the loopholes and hidden pathways that existed on the internet.  The man’s face had been shown for a few seconds, which meant that Mika would be able to identify the man in person.

For the next few days, Mika gathered all of the information that he can on the released offender.  He learnt that the guy was ordered to live in a town next to where Mika lived and the exact date of the end of his house arrest.  He had to go walk around the neighbourhood for a couple hours to see which house the man lived in.  He made sure to make a brief eye contact with the man as they passed each other.

Once the man was no longer bound to his house, Mika made a point to wander around the neighbourhood.  They bumped into each other on Mika’s second day of doing that and all it took for Mika to be invited in was a shy smile and whispered words of open invitation.

He set to work as soon as he got inside the house.  The man was easy to manipulate, shedding his clothes as soon as Mika acted all horny and took his hoodie off.  He let the man play with his body for a little while since he had at least fifty pounds on him.  It was not like he hated the sex that followed soon after, far from it.  He was elated from the thought of killing the sick bastard as soon as he was too lost in the bodily pleasures.

And when Mika could tell that the bastard was about to come, he took out a small pocket knife from his shirt pocket and drove it into the bastard