He drums his fingertips on the edge of the steering wheel.  “Canmore is supposed showcase how beautiful the mountains are in Canada.  As for Edmonton, ah, I think I read on a brochure in the plane that it’s the capital of Alberta.  Alberta is a province we’re in, by the way.”

“I can read the map, thanks Mika,” Yuu snorts.  “So we’re going to Canmore?  I don’t see other towns we can get to in an hour or so.”

Mika sighs.  “Yes, Yuu-chan.  That’s where we are going.  They shot Leonardo DiCaprio’s latest movie there.”

Yuu wraps the thin jacket around him tightly.  “The one where he is stranded in the mountains with tonnes of snow?   Brrr, can we go elsewhere?”

“It’s pretty warm if you go to Vancouver, you know,” Mika retorts.  “Their version of winter is grey skies and endless rain.  I had to go there in November once for foreign relations and I regretted not bringing my rain gear.”

“It can’t be that bad,” Yuu snorts.  He reaches over to hold Mika’s free hand.  “One hour ‘til doomsday, huh?”

Mika pouts.  “You make it sound like I’m abducting you.”

Yuu raises an accusing brow.  “Fine, fine.  I can’t help it.  I’ve been wanting to run away with you for quite some time now, y’know.”

Yuu laughs.  “Is that so?”

Mika signals for a lane change and quickly jumps to the next lane over when he double-checks that they are the only care on the visible stretch of the highway.  “Call me cheesy and helpless but I knew that we had something special when I walked into your parlour.”

Yuu shudders in an exaggerated manner.  “You’re right.  It is ridiculously cheesy and helpless when you say it out loud.”  He still leans over and plants a quick kiss on Mika’s cheek.  “But that’s part of what I love about you, Mr. Husband To Be.”

Mika blushes.  “This is not helping with the navigation bit.  Can you get the map out from the front?”

“Aye, aye, cap’n.”

 

 

-

 

 

“Ah, how should I put it . . . I expected something more cabin-ish?” Yuu utters as he stares into the ‘cabin’.

Mika scratches the back of his head and smiles sheepishly.  “Did I overdo it?  This was one of the top results when I searched up cabins in Banff or Canmore area.”

Yuu gestures at the two-story-tall ceiling above them.  “Overdo it?  You hit the ball out of the park!  I have never even been on a trip with a boyfriend before and now you’ve gone and blown my expectations.”

Mika avoids eye contact with Yuu.  “I-I don’t know what to say to that.  Uh, this would be the part where I suggest that we unpack but the brilliant past me told you that we can buy clothes on the fly.  Um, listen, Yuu-chan—”

The blond finds himself unable to speak as something soft and salty presses up against his lips.  Yuu’s lips and inside of his mouth still taste like the pizza they shared an hour ago.  Sightseeing in the Canmore area was great and literally everywhere they looked, they could see a mountain peak or endless stretches of forests.

“Stop that.  As much as I love seeing you adorably flustered, I have other plans in mind.”

Mika grins.  “We’ll have to find a suitable place for that, Yuu-chan.”

Yuu grins back.  “Like that has stopped you before.”

“You are totally right.”

 

 

-

 

 

Both of them wake up close to noon, love bites and light nail marks scattered across their naked bodies.  Mika gives himself a mental pat on the back for convincing Yuu that they should still sleep on a bed.  Speaking of, the bed is one of the best commodities in the cabin.  Its king-size consumes most of the space in the bedroom, not that Mika is complaining.  He finds two housecoats in the closet, which is empty except for those and spare beddings.

He finds that the kitchenette is stocked with enough food to last them a week as he had requested.  He is halfway through making them a nice ‘English-style’ breakfast that he looked up online when Yuu emerges from the bedroom stark naked.

“Yuu-chan!” he chides.  “The curtains and blinds are open!  Anyone unlucky enough to be strolling outside our cabin can see your nasty business.”

Yuu gives him a look.  “You didn’t seem to think that it was nasty when it was—”

Mika clamps his hand over Yuu’s mouth.  “It’s too early to be talking about sex.  Shut up and sit there looking pretty, please.”

Yuu pouts until Mika sighs and kisses him.  “Good morning,” Mika says.

“Morning, sunshine.”  He slaps Mika on the ass before he