incomprehensibly, “…gay.  Yeah…”

He trails off into silence, swiveling away from Sam to look back at the totally non-gay, completely and fucking utterly platonic love of his life; who is also no longer staring at Sam, clearly too lost in realisation.

Or maybe confusion.

Like he said before, it's hard to tell with Castiel.

"I'm not...I've never...I'm not gay...?"  Dean repeats.  This time, his voice is very slightly higher, bordering on the verge of panic.

Silence.  Then suddenly, someone calls out - one of Dean's footballer friends, MIke.  "Dude, you stare at Novak's ass like, all the time."

From around them, Sam hears sounds of murmured agreement.

"Yeah!" Anna, Dean's ex, calls out, "and you'd always blow me off to go help him study!"  Actually, Sam's a little surprised anyone would fall for that excuse.  Cas is in like a million advanced classes.  Dean got the hitherto-undiscovered grade of G minus for algebra.

Dean breaks the creepily intense eyelock he's got going on with Cas to swivel in his chair and glare at the entire cafeteria.  "Shut up!"

"Dean."

Pie couldn't get Dean to move as fast as he does at the sound of Cas's voice (and Sam would know, he really would).  "Yeah, Cas?"  Sam's brother's voice trembles - just a little, but more than enough for Sam to feel just a little smug.  

"Is it..." Determination wars with the confusion etched into Cas's face.  And it wins.  "Is this true?"

Sam watches as his brother swallows audibly.  "I..."  He swallows again.  "Um.  Maybe?  I suppose so?"

Slowly, a smile creeps onto Cas's face.  He leans forwards very slightly, and Dean's eyes widen before he does the same.

Finally, Sam thinks as he leans over quietly and grabs his bag and still-full tray that he’s not going to able to eat any more of because Dean might still call him Samantha and give him Barbie dolls for Christmas but he is a teenage boy and thus not cut out for…whatever’s happening behind him.

From the sound of cheers and half-hearted “get a room, fags”, quite a lot.

Gabriel finds Crowley as he hides from Lucifer's minions.

“Well, well, if it isn’t the King of the Crossroads. How’s being a fugitive?”

Crowley rushed to his feet, ready to flee (again, because clearly Lucifer left the Pit in no better a mood than he’d entered it) when he finally recognised the not-man lounging against the door of his latest safe house.

“Oh, it’s you,” he sighed, slumping back into his chair and rubbing his forehead to get rid of that horrible half-headache that meant his current meatsuit had been about as freaked out as he was.

A brief look of indignation crossed the Archangel Gabriel’s face, not-there wings flaring out.  Crowley flinched back and cursed internally for his reaction – not his fault he was more than a little nervous about archangel wings.  Flaring.  At him.  Aggressively.

Fucking Lucifer.

The worst thing was that Gabriel clearly picked up on his discomfort.  “Nervous, are we?”

“Your brother’s been sending his minions after me for the past three weeks, I’m sure you’d be nervous too,” Crowley growled.  “How did you find me, anyway?  This whole place is rigged with angel wards.”

Gabriel shrugged, coming forwards to fling himself onto the tiny, sagging couch opposite from Crowley’s chair.  “Hello, Trickster?  How do you think I managed to avoid Michael and Raphael for the last seven thousand years?”

“Fair point.”  Leaning forwards to grab the bottle of Scotch, Crowley eyed the label critically.  Cheap, but the best he could find while on the run from every demon looking to get on Lucifer’s good side (i.e. all of them).  “So what do you want?”

The archangel’s eyes followed the movement of his hand as Crowley carefully poured himself a glass.  “And don’t bother,” Crowley added as Gabriel opened his mouth.  “Stuff’s shit anyway, and it’s not like you can get drunk.”

Another shrug.  “Just wanted to check up my old mate Crowley, dontcha know,” Gabirel replied nonchalantly.  “Heard about your deal with the Winchesters, heard my bro was out to get you, wanted to catch up.  It’s been a while – haven’t seen you since…when was it…?”

“Romania, ’76,” Crowley responded easily, turning the angel’s words – Winchesters, why would he bring that up? – over in his head as he continued, “Bela Karolyi – biggest waste of a deal, that Comaneci girl would have been fine with or without the…”  Winchesters –