sorrow, regret, guilt, fear, horror, love.

All.

John tilts his head slightly.

“Welcome home, Sherlock” he replies, his own bundle of overpowering grief and joy and despair joining the echoes that Sherlock has left in the spacious room.

 

They don’t embrace.  But somehow, Sherlock finds himself sunk to the floor next to John, just under the stove, fingers entwined despite the good foot of space between them.

“Did you beat him?”

Sherlock nods, knows that despite three years, nine months and twenty five days, John will still register the movement as easily as he always has, as though when Sherlock moves he does too, just like Sherlock fancies he’s felt every stroke of Moriarty’s fingers, every thrust of his hips.

“Hmm.”  John’s fingers tighten slightly.  “Good.”

“Will you leave him?”

“No.”

He expected that, but it hurts just the same.

“Alright.”

For three torturous, blissful minutes, he lets himself absorb the warmth of John’s skin, the solid strength of his muscles.  And then he pushes himself to his feet, looks down at his former roommate.  “I’d best be gone before Moriarty gets back.”

John nods.  “Fair enough.  I’ll see you out.”

They don’t say another word till they’re at the door and Sherlock turns to face his best friend with nothing to say, nothing on his lips or in his mind at all.

The shorter man’s forehead creases in a frown, frustrated but amused with a surprising lightness that warms Sherlock’s heart in a way that nothing has in almost four years.  “Bugger this.”

And then he reaches up, yanks Sherlock down to meet his lips too, too briefly.

“Dinner tomorrow at that Italian place you took me to that first night?” John asks gruffly.

What about Moriarty? Sherlock means to ask.  It’s not safe, he wants to add.  You don’t want me, rises to his lips, a bitter accusation that he knows isn’t true except in a very specific, slight way that still rends at his heart.

Instead, he says “Alright.  Eight o’clock?”

“Don’t be late,” John smiles wearily, as though he’s sure Sherlock will be late anyway, the way he always is.

He doesn’t close the door till Mycroft’s car has turned the car, Sherlock knows.  Hates John for it, almost as much as he loves him.

“Hello, Sherlock,” Moriarty says when Sherlock walks through the door shirtless, torn bloodied (useless) remnants of purple fabric clenched tight in his hand.  “We should talk,” smiles the ex-arch criminal (at least in Britain, for Moriarty no doubt has networks in America and Australia and Asia that Sherlock has neither time nor effort to spend disrupting.)

(Three years to permanently shatter Moriarty’s hold in Britain and Western Europe.  Three years and a lifetime of possibilities, of happiness – destroyed.)

The first thing Sherlock notes is the clothing: the exact image of Jim-from-I.T’s, down to the underwear.  There’s enough of a stir within him (anger, amusement, weariness) at the sheer audacity of that to register on his face.

Moriarty raises an eyebrow.  “Surprised to see me?”

Sherlock, who has been anticipating this visit with a peculiar numbness that is so very different to the lethargic high drugs used to provide, acknowledges his arch-nemesis (former arch-nemesis?  Hard to know) with little more than a slight nod of his head before heading to the large box he’s using for his clothes.  John used to badger him till he capitulated and folded them (or else, would just lose patience and do it himself).

There’s no John Watson at Baker Street anymore, though.  No one to complain, and just for that Sherlock throws the damaged cloth into the bin.

“You’re looking for a shirt?” the man asks with some amusement as Sherlock pulls out the first thing he can find.  “I didn’t think you were so shy, darling.”

He’s meant to play, he realises.  He can’t, though.  The last time he saw Moriarty, after all, there was something to fight for.  There was John (and Lestrade and Mrs Hudson but John the most). 

The game isn’t fun anymore, now that there’s no point-

“Oh, don’t do that,” Moriarty says suddenly, with what Sherlock is surprised to hear is real frustration.  It shows on his face, too, when Sherlock turns around; genuine and surprisingly painful to see, that raw emotion etching lines into his face.  “You used to be so much fun.”

Sherlock shrugs as he slips his hands through the arm holes and begins doing up the buttons, slowly and steadily.  “Perhaps,” he says quietly, averting his eyes from the other man.  And then John happened, he thinks but doesn’t