it turns out that inland-side of the Mountains (he refuses to call them blue because they’re not) hasn’t been zombie-fied yet.

They stay the night, Jared gets totally wasted, and they arrive back with a car full of cheese, bread, apples, and wine; to find out that twelve of their fifty three took their last bus and went down to –

Well, that’s the thing.  No one actually knows.

Jared’s theory is that it’s some sort of mass suicide.

He doesn’t say it because Fiona told him last week that she had sort of a thing for the guy (twenty seven, architecture student) whose idea it was.

 

~~~~~

 

Jared tries to kiss Fiona once, after imbuing enough of not-unalcoholic drink to make him think it’s a good idea.

She turns her head, looks at him with a sort of resigned amusement-pity-confusion thing going on, and calmly says something about age.

It is the awkward to end all awkwards.

Later, he blames it on the alcohol,.  She accepts the excuse, and they both continue in the mutual understanding that he was lying though his teeth.

~~~~~


Hi everyone,



Eurgh okay I have no idea what to say, seriously, see Raine this is why you should have done this instead of me.  (Btw yeah Raine and Ara are still alive too, see, we be awesome.)



What I want to say, I guess, is that we’re alive.  Also in the Netherlands, but whatever.  You’re obviously alive.  The human race is still happening, peeps.



Get back to me if you can xx and till then, wood, cold, dark and fire.  



That’s how we’re going to totally win this war.  Apocalypse.  Whatever.



More coming later, but till then,



<3, Lia.


Fiona shows the text to Jared wordlessly.

He reads it, but doesn’t realise till he gets to the end and looks up to see her eyes suspiciously watery that it’s the first message she’s gotten from anyone she knows.

Awesome, your friends haven’t been torn to pieces feels too sardonic and bitter, I’m glad for you is just not him, and stop crying sounds like a line from the Douchebag’s Book of Douchebagness.

Jared sticks with “please don’t tell me you have a friend named after the weather.”

She scoffs, rolls her eyes, launches into an explanation, and he sits back, content in the understanding that they’re all good.

 

~~~~~

 

When he walks into Fiona’s room (which would have sounded and felt fucking creepy nine months ago before the world became a B-grade movie) she’s on speakerphone, talking in between mouthfuls of crackers and Vegemite.

Jared still doesn’t understand who the fuck invented Vegemite, and why.

He’s about to say hello when someone unfamiliar on the other side of the phone starts talking; figuring they’d hear him if he said anything, he taps Fiona on the shoulder to warn her he’s there (in case it’s something sacred and feminine that they’re talking about).

When he actually tunes into the conversation to hear “OMFG, Jared fucking Leto?” he wishes he had said something.

Fiona shrugs helplessly at him as someone else on the other end says “calm, Lia, caaaalm.”  This voice, he knows; Raine, the poor girl cursed with dyslexic parents (Fiona gives him looks when he insists on calling her that but it’s so true, he can’t just not acknowledge it.)

Lia, he hasn’t talked to yet, but he’s heard enough about her.

Enough to make him wonder just what Tom fucking Hiddleston would think if he was listening in.

“You know, Lia, if I didn’t know better, I’d be quite offended,” a terribly familiar voice says dryly over the sound of a door opening.

Okay, so now he does know.

Not that Jared cares what fucking Loki thinks of him.

(But he loved those movies.)

Your friends are crazy, he mouths exaggeratedly to Fiona, who mouths back with even more gusto, I know, right? over the sounds of quiet conversation between Hiddleston

“But seriously, Fio, nice work,” ‘Lia’ continues, as though Fiona cursed him to get dumped on a train with no phone and the mother of all hangovers.  “Oh my god, Ara, Fio is with Jared fucking Leto!”

“It’s nice to be back alive too, Lia,” and Fiona hasn’t been kidding about the emptiness in that voice.  “Hi Fio, and I’d totally react with outrage or something but.  Um.  Someone remind me who Jared Leto is?”

“…Tom.  Deal with her.  I can’t even – just. Nope.  No comment.”

“Oh my god, Lia,” Fiona says with amusement (but Jared can detect the slightest hint of annoyance in her tone), “it’s not