to eavesdrop (not that there is any such thing as eavesdropping now.)

“Fiona?  Sorry, is this Fiona Li?”

She stiffens at the sound of the voice, which should be clear and yet sounds like articulated static, something she hasn’t heard since the early days of reception in the City Circle tunnels.

 “Um…yes?” Fiona.  Alice’s friend, then.

Coincidence; because that’s when the door opens behind Ayesha and she can tell it’s Alice from the footsteps (and she probably needs to make more friends, if she has reached the point of identifying her only friend by her footsteps.)

 “Awesome.  Um.  This is Alice.  Alice with a y.  Um, I don’t know if you remember me, we met at Ara’s 18th birthday party? Sorry, I just had your number and it was the only one that worked.”

A hesitation. “Alyce!  How are you?  Where are you?”

“Oh, sh-“ Alice breaks off, as she always does and when Ayesha believed in Allah she used to be gratified.  Now, she’s a mixture of amused and annoyed.

“You-“

The sentence goes unfinished.

“Sydney.”

The footsteps that were heading towards Ayesha stop.  She hears her friend turn and whips her head around in time to see the door close softly.

 “Wow,” Fiona says.  “I’m impressed.  How did you survive?”

It can’t be true.

 “Survive?”

“Yeah, the zombies.”

“Oh.”

Oh.

Ayesha practically bolts from the room, turning her head left before looking right to see Alice’s retreating back turn the corner.

 

~~~~~

 

The door at the end of the corridor is still closing slowly, and Ayesha bursts through it without checking just which door it is.

She wishes she had.

 “It always seems to be your friends, Ms Cheung,” Dr. Seyers, Director General of the base, is in the middle of remarking to Alice when Ayesha stops in the doorway, wide-eyed.  “The Netherlands, New-”

Finally, the man registers her presence and turns, a slight frown crinkling his brow.

“Miss…”  He frowns again.  “I’m terribly sorry, but I can’t seem to recall your name.”

He’s from England.  An Oxford graduate in Physical Oceanography with ten years of work on the Antarctic research facility.  Her eyes scan the room, and in a daze names jump out at her; Michelle Claverie, a French marine biologist whose research was basically the basis for Ayesha’s honours thesis.

“The-“ she stutters, reminded painfully of the first years of learning English, “th-the creatures-“ Some people seated in the large room shift uncomfortably in their seats and Alice’s face is blank.

“You all know,” Ayesha realises with a painful jolt.  She glances at Alice.  “You knew.”  Her tone is accusing and she can’t quell the sickening sense of betrayal, though she doesn’t understand why she’s feeling it. 

Out of the corner of her eye, Ayesha sees Dr. Seyers raise his hands placatingly.  “Now, now, um…” He hesitates.

“Ayesha,” she says tersely.  “My name is Ayesha. You interviewed me for the position.”

“Ah, yes,” the Director General replies hastily.  “Marine biology, am I correct?”  He seems to take her silence for confirmation, because he doesn’t wait for a response.  “Look, Ayesha, this is a very…difficult period.  For all of us.  We have to be careful what we tell everyone.”

“But-“

“We’re scientists, my dear,” he interrupts before she can say anything.  “We monitor the information, but we aren’t politicians, and it is impractical that we should inform interns,” he fairly spits out the word and that is rude, “about every minor development. Yes, it seems the…diseased…retain much of their human-level intelligence.  What do you suggest we do about it?”

Ayesha bites her lip as the doctor looks at her with condescending pity.  He’s right, though it galls her to admit it; though minor development is akin to calling the regime of the Taliban heavy-handed.  The only thing she can come up with is then why is Alice here? Which sounds childish and immature even in her head.

“…I’m sorry?”

Dr. Seyers blinks, looks surprised; and for a moment Ayesha doesn’t do anything more than stare blankly, till she realises with a sinking heart that she actually asked the question, in front of all these people that she respects.   “Didn’t you know?  Miss Cheung isn’t a scien-“

“Okay, you know what, I’m just going to take Ayesha outside and explain everything to her,” Alice says in a rush – the first time she’s spoken since Ayesha entered the room; and is clearly going to be the last, because she grabs Ayesha by the wrist and practically drags her from the room