angle with the right amount of light to not show up the veins so much, plus adding the size to make him look well endowed. Dave was proud of this picture, it was like those adverts for getting a bigger cock and this picture was the ‘after’ shot.

He slipped the file into the pesterchum and waited. A moment later, it was accepted and he couldn’t turn back now, they strayed from the path of best buds and the no homo they put between each other was possibly breached.

Possibly.


EB: wow dave, that’s something 



EB: i mean it looks 



EB: i didn’t think you were going to do it but i’m impressed 



TG: yeah you dont have to compliment it 



TG: i know i’m hot 



EB: so what happens now? 


That was a good question; what should they do?

By now, they had a few choices; pretend this never happened and delete both pictures, split up their long friendship over the fact that John had a pussy or turn this into a good thing where they learn more about each other in a different way. Dave’s cock seemed to like the last choice, still poking out of his crimson boxers and twitching in the cold air.


TG: this could end up being a good thing egderp 



TG: you and i 



TG: we could make something out of this 



EB: what? 



TG: well you know 



TG: youve got a pussy 



TG: ive got a dick



 EB: are you saying you want to have sex with me?


Dave did feel guilty for suddenly making it awkward between them. He moved the picture of John to the side so he could still have a peek at it while typing.


TG: you dont have to if you dont want to 



TG: i just thought that it would be easy since we are 



TG: well you know 



TG: both virgins 


The feeling of his cock throbbing brought him to the final conclusion that he needed to get off soon. He closed a loose fist around his member and pumped it steadily, feeling how much he ached for something like this to happen.

His cock could feel his need for pussy, his want to be inside something, someone.

He wanted to fuck John.

He shut his eyes as he masturbated slowly, wanting to draw it out as long as he could. He pictured in his head what John would be like in bed; nervous but ready to please, rubbing his clit and stuffing his fingers in his boy cunt.

Fuck.

He was so into the picture of John fucking himself that he almost forgot about the chat until it made a noise.


EB: i get what you're saying but i dunno 



EB: what if it effects our friendship? 



TG: i promise it wont egderp 



TG: your secret is safe with me and we can experiment with each other as bros 



TG: bet your dying to know what a cock feels like 


He honestly didn't know where that came from, it was like an urge made him type that out but he did think for a moment about how John would react to actually seeing a cock.

Would he know what to do? Probably not since the whole virgin thing plus the vagina thing.


EB: dave 



EB: dont do that 



TG: oh shit did i offend you? 



TG: im so sorry dude 


Dave suddenly felt guilt writhe in his stomach; John probably didn't know what a penis was like and he might have had huge identity issues. This could have triggered him enough to actually get him depressed. His cock softens slightly with the little attention he was giving it, glancing at the pesterchum to see what John had said.


EB: no it just 



EB: saying stuff like that kinda made me wet 



TG: oh 



TG: oh damn 


The blondes eyes widened at the thought of John getting turned on by dirty talk.

He could be rubbing at his folds right now; getting himself lubed up with his own pussy juice before fucking himself with his fingers. The blood flows to his cock once more to pulse heatedly. It couldn't hurt to get his best friend turned on more, he could have some fun with this.


TG: you get hot and bothered by dirty talk? 



TG: didnt know you had it in you egderp 



EB: dave 



TG: so your pussy likes it when i talk dirty?



 EG: oh my god dave stop 



TG: what happens when you get wet? 



TG: do you rub at it and get yourself all ready for your fingers? 



TG: or do you have a toy that you use 



TG: the thought of you using a toy is just wow 


John using a cute little vibrator to fuck his pussy, the wet sounds reverberating through Dave's head. Maybe he had a butt plug and stuffed both his holes up while playing with his clit, fuck it was just so hot to imagine.

Dave hadn't of thought like this about anyone before; John was definitely something special to him but now he wanted more.


EB: i dont have a toy 



EB: i just use my fingers 



TG: shit man 



TG: