head back, the fake member popped out of his mouth leaving behind a string of spit connecting to Dave’s bottom lip. He pulled the small dildo out of his ass and let it bounce on the bed while he collected the lube bottle once more and poured a generous amount onto his hand. With that, he rubbed all over the strap on, getting it nice and wet for him because Dave knew that it would be an experience whether it would be painful or pleasurable.

“You can do this, Dave. You’re not scared of taking dick.” Dave spoke out loud to himself, straddling the teddy bear once more and reaching back to rub the remains of the lube from his hand around and into his hole, getting it slick for the tip to be an easy entry. Taking hold of the massive strap on, Dave gulped and positioned it to rub against his ass. Now that it was close enough to pop inside, the sheer size of it was enough for Dave to blanche and think twice about what he was about to do. Yes he measured it up to his ankle earlier, but the tip wasn’t as thick, so hopefully it should be a problem.

With that thought in mind, Dave started to press the tip of the fake dick into his ass. And then he tried again. And again. It wasn’t going in. It was like his hole was saying ‘no way is that going inside me, I will break’ and just clenched every time the tip tried to breach.

He wanted to cry from the frustration.

But, knowing this would happen; Dave took a deep breath and picked up the lube bottle again. He lathered the tip with more lube and pressed his slim fingers, two from each hand, into his ass to wet it up inside and open it wide as he sat back down. “This time for sure, you will fit. So help me God.”

The tip entered a small amount but it was easy to tell that it was going to hurt if he sunk anymore, but Dave bit his lip and kept sitting down. He was slick enough, nothing was going to tear, and he will get this fucking cock in his ass. More of it slipped inside, and Dave had to moan through his teeth as his poor hole protested around his four fingers, trying to clamp down on the intruder. He was resilient and didn’t stop until the whole tip of the cock was in his ass, pulling his fingers out and letting his hole quickly clench down on the toy. “Fuh, god. Shit, fucking fuck.”

He had to grab his base of his cock and squeeze so he wouldn’t cum just yet, because this was something magnificent, and if he came now it would hurt more than it would feel good. He knelt there giving his muscles some time to relax before he moved again, just a simple roll of his hips to get his bearings on the full feel of the strap on. His hand quickly flew to the bear’s fluffy neck, wrapping his arm around it as he panted. It just tingled everywhere, leaving his legs with no feeling and he had to hold onto his bear to keep him up as he kept rolling his hips over and over again. Dave couldn’t help himself, he was addicted to the strap on and this was just the tip.

“Feels good, feels fucking good.”

Dave held onto the bear as he attempted to sink down for more of that dick, just slipping a little more before his ass protested once more. He would do this, slow and steady. It took a while, waiting until his ass would relax enough for him to slip down a smidge more and waiting again because his ass would tighten. He was glad he couldn’t see his clock in this position because he would have gotten impatient with peering over at how long this was taking.

He had to keep his mind occupied, and so Dave slipped into his imagination again. He thought about the bear, what would happen if his childhood friend was alive, what would it do? Well, it’s a bear, it would have surely torn him to pieces but this was Dave’s imagination and so he thought that the teddy would rub his back and let him take his time, nuzzle and kiss his face while Dave’s hole worked around that fat shaft. Dave purposely lifted the teddy’s limp arms and wrapped them around his slim waist, letting the beany paws barely touch his ass. With his time wasted in his head he had unconsciously slipped at least an inch into his ass, which was enough for the tip to ever so gently nudge his prostate. Dave couldn’t stop himself this time; a giant strap on in his ass that was so close to his sweet spot and prodding it occasionally, his balls drew up and his cock squirted cum between his and the bear’s stomach, matting the fur but Dave gave no shits.

His thighs were trembling and he couldn’t stop moaning; loud, whorish moans radiating through the room. He would have been