had come, he was only twenty and yet he could be a professional doctor, that must have been a goal he worked hard to achieve with blood, sweat and tears. The doctor hesitated when it came to the point where he would have to touch an intimate part of his patient, peering up at Jane for his approval and the genderfluid let out a sigh, being body positive they didn't mind who looked at them naked, reaching back carefully to not rub off the cream, unlatching their bra and letting it slip off.

Jake's eyes widened but he tried to not make it awkward for the both of them, squirting the ointment on his hand and smoothing it over Jane's small breasts, making it quick work and pulling away for his patient to get decent once more. Jane slipped their bra back on carefully to not smudge anything and clipped it shut. Feeling their weight of itching fade fast, they felt at ease yet alas their bottom half was still tormenting them. With the doctor's permission, Jane slipped off the bed and undid their trousers, pulling them down to reveal even worse rashes; the tinsel didn't even touch their legs so what the fuck? Allergies were weird. "Well that's awesome of you, doc."

"Thank you, I try my best." Jake chuckled and rubbed the ointment into their legs. Jane had to rest their hands on Jake's shoulders to not put any weight on their sprained ankle. The doctor lathered both their legs up quickly, not needing to go any higher above their thigh because there wasn't any type of redness around that area. "I think you're all set, I'm going to give you a prescription at the front desk and if you follow my instructions then you'll be good as new in no time at all!"

He let Jane pull their trousers up before peeling back the curtain, the noise of the ER hitting him straight in the face. Nurses were rushing around and bed were being wheeled in from ambulances, shouts of medication needed for the wounded while patients were sat or laying in their little cubicles, moaning and groaning in uncomfortable pain. The clock hanging over the door read seven thirty, it was nearly time for him to finish up his shift for the night, he turned back to finish with his patient who was sitting on the bed holding their crutches. "I take it you have your phone with you to call someone to pick you up?"

"Oh right yeah, I'll call a friend don't worry." They flipped open their phone and started dialling, Jake closing the curtain again because he didn't want to be seen as not doing any work in his last fifteen minutes. Jane had already called a couple of their friends and was getting desperate, going down their employee contacts and trying them for anything. A person answered only to decline because they were busy with family problems at the moment, they gave in and closed up their phone in defeat. "I'll just call a cab then."

"No one would answer?"

"Yeah, it's too close to Christmas for anyone to care." Jake had frowned at that, leaning against the make shift wall of the cubicle.

"What about your parents?" Jane scoffed and rolled their eyes, almost like it was typical of someone to ask that.

"They didn't want anything to do with me once I came out." It stung a little for Jake, sympathy bubbling up but he held it down, not wanting to make Jane angry accidentally. He chose to do the nicest thing since he was getting off early, it would be unkind if he didn't at least ask. He didn't know about coming out with it though, fiddling with the end of his white coat and talking down to the floor.

"I could drive you home, if no one is coming for you." Jane's eyes lifted to the baby faced doctor for a moment before letting out a soft chuckle, nodding their head. It settled Jake and he said to wait here until his shift was over in a couple of minutes, then he would come get them to drive them home. With that, doctor English pulled back the curtain once more to finis his folder for the day behind the front desk. Jane was attempting to keep cool but deep down they knew that something else was going on here, letting their friends know where they would be so one, they didn't have to worry about picking them up and two, just in case something else happened to them. Jane typed away on their phone to Dave, who was close to bedtime at John's house, they were so going to have sex it wasn't even funny anymore.

Seeing that Egbert kid was a highlight of Jane's day; his spunky attitude towards life always left a happy mark on people he just met, it was a gift. Dave had given them John's number and they responded by spamming him with one worded texts about the hospital visit, chatting to him for a while was good fun and