As a model, Zayn got invitations to go to events and such. Tonight, he was at the American Music Awards. Zayn had always wanted to go to the AMAs because he knew that some of his favourite artists were there. When his publicist said that he was invited to the AMAs but it clashed with another event, Zayn was adamant to go to the AMAs, fuck that other event.

After getting pampered all afternoon to make sure he showed up looking like a ten out of ten, Zayn stepped onto the red carpet with confidence. His stylist, Caroline, had pulled through and gotten him a suit that wasn’t too formal yet wasn’t too casual and it was comfortable too.

Zayn got stopped by a couple of interviewers who asked about his latest magazine shoots and what his plans are for the future. Zayn had always wanted to appear in a music video, so he answered with that. He easily slipped into his charming yet professional persona.

Being in the modeling industry for about five years had taught him that there are people who would hate you no matter what. Zayn was just a young boy from Bradford who got noticed by a talent agent during the tender age of 17. He didn’t know what to expect, didn’t know that so many things would test him and his patience.

During his earlier years, he was such an easy target. He let the hate get to him, let people make fun of his heritage and who he was. They tried whitewashing him, dubbing him as things he wasn’t. Zayn was a family guy and very respectful of women yet his agency made him go on fake dates with a C-List artist just to give her promotion and they paid newspapers to write articles on how he ‘cheated’ on her.

A year ago, he quitted that management. Although there was a chance that his career would end up dead, Zayn didn’t care. He was fucking tired of being someone he wasn’t. Fortunately for him, a new modeling agency decided to hire him as he was one of the most in-demand models. As he grew older, Zayn realized that his heritage was the thing that made him appeal more to others.

Zayn was half-Pakistani and that gave him his rogue features and his golden skin tone. Zayn embraced that and the fact that it had gotten him this far in the industry. However, just because he was free of his old management, that didn’t mean his life was controversy-free.

His beard’s management encouraged the girl to keep dropping his name in interviews and ‘shade’ him even when it didn’t make sense. Zayn found it rather childish and he couldn’t help but shade her back. The biggest controversy Zayn had now was whether or not he was dating Gigi Hadid, another successful model.

Zayn wasn’t dating her. Gigi and him were very good friends. She understood how the industry could be and cheered him up on multiple occasions. Not to mention, she was fun to hang out with. Gigi was gorgeous but Zayn just wasn’t interested. He was interested in someone else.

Speaking of someone else, Zayn squinted his eyes slightly as he stared at the artist who had just arrived. It was Liam Payne. Zayn didn’t know Liam was coming and he felt stupid for not checking the website to see who was nominated and who was performing. Zayn could handle this situation two ways; he could be cool and pretend that Liam hadn’t copied his photos that resulted in him doing the same thing or he could confront Liam.

Quite frankly, Zayn’s brain said that the second option was more entertaining so he would go with that one. Zayn waited as Liam finished his interviews. When Liam’s entourage passed him, Zayn quickly grabbed Liam’s arm and pulled him out of his group. He saw one of the men move to get Liam back but Liam shook his head.

“I’ll join you later,” Liam said and Zayn nearly melted at how Liam’s sexy voice sounded. Zayn quickly berated himself for getting distracted.

“Well, if it isn’t the guy who’s been copying my selfies,” Zayn said coyly. Liam ducked his head down and scratched the back of his neck, cheeks flushing red with embarrassment. Zayn’s suspicions were confirmed; Liam had been copying his photos.

“Ah, sorry, man,” Liam apologized with a flustered look on his face that made Zayn take pity on him suddenly. Zayn wasn’t even mad at Liam at the moment, couldn’t even remember why he was mad because Liam was giving him a look equivalent to that of a pouting puppy and it was just so cute that his annoyance at Liam faded away. “Your photos are just so cool and you look so hot in them that I had to try doing the poses myself.”

“It’s all right, mate,” Zayn said, eyes twinkling mischievously when Liam admitted that Zayn was hot. The artist seemed to have caught on to what he had said and the red tint