causing it to shatter into a million pieces. Harry took another glass, filled it with water and brought it up to Zayn’s lips. Zayn greedily drank it down. 

“Okay?” Harry asked, still worried. Zayn didn’t answer but instead rushed to the sink and started vomiting. Fuck, Harry thought. This was bad. Harry rubbed Zayn’s back, helping him through it. 

 Zayn didn’t stop vomiting even when he had already puked up his dinner. Harry became very worried when he saw blood mixing in with the vomit. 

“Shit shit shit,” he started cursing. 

 “What’s going on, Haz?” Niall asked, walking into the kitchen. He was popping in for a snack but that agenda was thrown to the back of his mind when he saw Zayn bent over the sink. “What’s wrong?” He asked. 

 “I gave him a taste of my potion and he might have been poisoned,” Harry explained, eyebrows furrowed as he started to recite a few spells in hopes of easing Zayn’s pain. It seemed to work as Zayn had stopped puking. However, the duo still fretted over him when they saw that Zayn looked rather pale. 

 “Let’s get you upstairs, babe,” Niall said, picking Zayn up while Harry tried to prepare some tea and other stuff that may help Zayn. 

 Harry later deduced that instead of being a healing potion, his new potion had messed with Zayn’s system and caused a lot of chemical and hormonal imbalances. One minute Zayn was bundled up because he was freezing, the next he was tearing of his clothes because he felt like he was on fire. 

At one point, Zayn was so hot that only Louis could touch him without getting his hands burned. It didn’t help that the potion somewhat messed up something inside of Zayn and made him release pheromones similar to that of an omega despite him being a half-vampire. Liam, being an alpha, took care of that part. Zayn also started to glow occasionally. Only Niall could deal with that, explaining that it was a spirit thing. 

 Harry was kinda preparing for when Zayn would show some wizard-like properties because that seemed to be the pattern he. He was surprised, however, when Zayn appeared to be normal the next day. 

 “You okay, Zee?” Harry asked, setting the bowl of soup he made onto the bedside table. He took a seat next to Zayn’s bundled up form on the bed. 

 Zayn nodded,“ Yeah, I feel alright.” 

 “Sorry, you know, for causing you to have a rough few days,” Harry apologised. 

 "It’s okay, babe,” Zayn said, patting his thigh. “I’m fine now.” 

 Harry gave him a weak grin. “I guess I’ll have to throw that potion recipe out the window, huh?” 

 Zayn shook his head, “No. That potion needs tweaking but I think that it can help. You saw how it gave me powers that were not my own. You could potentially make a groundbreaking potion!” 

 Harry was skeptical. “You think so?”

 Zayn nodded enthusiastically. “I know so.” 

 

 


4. Niall


 “Niall, are you sure about this?” Liam asked for the umpteenth time. Niall huffed and nodded. 

 “Yes, Li,” Niall said. “I’ll go for a walk with Zayn and come back her straight after.” 

 “No funny business, okay?” 

 “Sure, mate.” 

 Niall turned to Zayn who was getting himself bundled up by Harry. The vampire boyfriend looked over at him as if he was pleading for help. 

“That’s enough, Haz,” Niall said, stopping his wizard boyfriend. “We’re just walking through the park, not braving a blizzard. ” 

 Harry gave him a sheepish smile. “Sorry,” he took a few layers off of Zayn and left them.

 “Ready?” Niall asked Zayn. The half-vampire nodded. Once he got Zayn’s consent, Niall closed his eyes and muttered an incantation. When he reopened his eyes, Niall was looking through Zayn’s point of view. He was in control of Zayn’s body now. 

 Let’s walk, he thought. His– Zayn’s– hand opened the front door and he walked out. He started down a path, heading for the park. 

 Okay, Zayn?, he asked.

 Yeah, babe, Zayn answered. Just keep going. 

 Whenever Niall possessed Zayn, he would make sure to check in with Zayn from time to time to make sure that he was comfortable. If you feel something weird or whatever, tell me, okay?, Niall commanded him.

 Zayn gave him something equivalent to a nod. Niall paid attention to the scenery around him. He took in the pretty sights and sounds all around him. He could hear someone watering the plants, he could hear a dog barking. 

 Bet you would like that, Zee, he thought. 

 Yeah, do you think Liam would ever let me have a dog?, Zayn asked. 

 Nah, he likes to be the