t eat. They also stopped caring if Zayn came home.


Zayn cursed as he forgot his keys. He was in front of the house and he couldn’t get in. His keys were basically his ticket in, vampires needed permission to enter houses and keys were a form of permission. Zayn knocked on the door, waiting for one of his boyfriends to get the door. Hopefully, they weren’t still giving him the cold shoulder. 



The raven-haired lad waited and waited. No one was answering the door but he knew that they were home, he could hear them laughing inside. They were probably watching television and couldn’t hear him clearly. He knocked again, louder this time. 



He heard the laughter stop and he waited for the door to be opened. 



Nothing happened.



One minute passed. Two minutes. Ten minutes.



Zayn’s heart sank. They weren’t going to get the door any time soon. He slowly sat down on their doorstep, waiting. 



It wasn’t until morning that he was let in. Zayn made sure to never leave his keys again. 


They also stopped caring and being nice to Zayn.


“Guys, could you please like stop using garlic in food and maybe have a day in with me?” Zayn asked, timidly. He had stepped out of his room for lunch and overheard of the lads’ plans to go to the beach. They seemed to have made it a mission for all of them to go to places where the sun shone brightly. 



If Zayn was to follow, he would get sunburns and hurt himself.



Liam rolled his eyes at Zayn’s request. “We’ve already made plans,” he answered briskly. “We can’t just change our plans to accommodate you. You can come along if you want.”



Zayn frowned, “But I’ll burn up.” Louis scoffed. 



“Maybe you shouldn’t have been born a vampire then.” And Zayn had never hated himself more than during that moment.


Zayn didn’t understand what he did to make them exclude him out of a lot of things. He thought that they would understand why he did what he did and that they would be fine with it. But they weren’t. They barely talked to him. They barely brushed shoulders with him.

Maybe he could fix this. Maybe he could get them gifts to make up for his reasons.

When Zayn left one morning, his mind was set. He would be finding the perfect gifts for them. Liam wanted one of those fancy headphones that made his remixing hobby a bit easier, Louis wanted one of those branded jackets, Niall would want a new guitar pick because he kept losing his and Harry would like this pair of golden boots he had been keeping tabs on.

Zayn spent the entire day out. As a half-vampire, he could go out in the sun but he would get irritated if he went out for far too long. He needed to get home as soon as his errands were done.

Walking home, Zayn mentally prepared his apology speech. He clutched the plastic bags containing the gifts and prayed that the boys would accept them and that it would end whatever feud they were having. He was so lost in his thoughts that he didn’t notice a group of people sneaking up on him.

The first blow to his shoulder made him topple down. Luckily, before a stake could pierce his heart, Zayn managed to get back to his feet and out of the way. There were five people and two of them were holding stakes. This was a hate group. Ever since the Otherworld creatures revealed themselves, there were a couple of minor hate groups that existed. This was probably one of them.

Zayn snarled, letting his fangs drop. He aimed his glare at two of them who seemed more hesitant than the others. They retreated out of fear and now that left him with three.

A stake was jabbed at him again and he ducked before pulling it out of the attacker’s hands and throwing it away like a javelin. He punched the attacker in the stomach and he fell unconscious. The unarmed one came at him and Zayn defended himself against the punches. A sharp pain in his side made him cry out.

The other guy with the stake had managed to injure him. Luckily it wasn’t to his heart. Zayn punched the unarmed guy so that he could deal with the last one. His side was getting uncomfortable but he needed to get away. Before the last guy could hurt him again, Zayn used his vampire speed (or whatever speed he could use with that injury in his side) to get behind him and knock him in the head.

The last guy fell unconscious like the other two. Zayn didn’t waste any time and quickly limped home. He fumbled for the keys in his pocket, his hands shaking badly. When he tried to insert the key into the lock, the key fell out of his hands. Zayn wanted to bend down and take it but the pain in his side became unbearable. Tears ran down his face as he groaned in agony