me that he looks so much more beautiful in the flesh,” Niall answered. Liam shrugged.

“Even if we did, he would probably catch you by surprise anyway,” the alpha said. “What did he say about our little proposal?”

“Said he’ll think about it,” Niall responded, his mouth full of food. “He has a lot on his plate right now. He’ll call us when he’s ready.”

Louis’ eyebrows furrowed, “You sure he’ll call? I thought that was a phrase used to appease someone and let them down gently.”

Niall shook his head, “I don’t think Zayn’s like that. Besides, he seemed pretty sure that he’ll call us.”

The feathery-haired alpha pursed his lips, “It’s not like it’s the first time we’ve been rejected by an omega. He probably feels weirded out by us. God, I can’t believe I gave him the flower, our flower! I feel so stupid right now.”

Louis ran a hand down his face and groaned loudly. “Calm down, Lou,” Harry said in his slow drawl. “Don’t be a Debbie Downer. We don’t know Zayn all that well. It’s not nice to assume things about him.”

“I will calm down if I get a blowie,” the alpha said to Harry, sounding hopeful.

“Not gonna work,” Liam said under his breath and Louis gave him a dirty look.

“Still no,” Harry responded, adamant to stick to his decision. Louis pouted.

“Fine,” he reluctantly let go of the conversation. The alpha grabbed the remote from the table. “Why are we even watching Teen Wolf anyway? This show has shitty writers. Can you believe they left Kira’s story the way it was? They could have made a great storyline with her. Arden Cho deserves better, in my opinion.”

“We all know that the only reason we watch Teen Wolf is because Liam likes Tyler Posey’s ass,” Niall mused as he watched Liam splutter at his words.

“I do not!” Liam protested weakly. Louis scoffed.

“You better not,” he warned the other alpha, poking the remote at Liam’s chest. “My ass is ten times better than his.”

“I’m trying to eat here,” Niall said, pulling a face. Louis rolled his eyes in annoyance.

“As if you’ve never tried to eat this ass before.”

“Okay, Lou. Okay.”

…

Zayn felt like he was ready to face-plant into his burger. He was at the cafeteria on a Friday afternoon after his shift at the Library. The omega was hungry and exhausted. Since the semester was starting to take off, more students stopped by the library. That meant more books had to be put back on the right shelves, more students had to be helped and he had to shush people constantly.

Not to mention the fact that Mrs. Walker (the librarian) had a habit of bringing homemade food to the library and giving it to Zayn during his short breaks. She claimed that Zayn was ‘too skinny for his own good’ and needed ‘more meat on the bones’. Her food was delicious too, much better than the cafeteria food. The homemade cooking reminded Zayn of his mother back at home.

If she saw him now, she would say the same thing Mrs. Walker had said and cook up a lot of dishes for him to eat. Oh, how he missed her. He missed his baba and his sisters too. Homesickness hadn’t struck him when he first arrived but it was appearing now.

Taking out his phone, Zayn quickly sent a quick text to his mother, asking how she was and what was going on back at home. He received a text a minute later but it wasn’t from his mother. It was from an unknown number.


Hey zayn. This is ned from music club. Auditions start next week. We look forward 2 hearing u sing Mario btw. Gudluck mate ! 


Great, something that Zayn needed to start worrying about.

Another text came in, this time from his mother.


Im great lovie. Your baba and sisters are too. We miss you loads xx


Zayn grinned at the text, shooting back a reply that he missed them too and he’ll try to visit as soon as possible. After he sent that text, he was startled out of his happy daze when Gigi and Bella sat in front of him, both with their own trays of food. The raven-haired omega set down his phone on the table.

“Hi, Zayn!” Gigi said rather brightly. Zayn was starting to think that she was the happy-go-lucky type. She tossed her blonde hair over her shoulder and set her bag next to her. Bella smiled at him as she sat down and he smiled back. The two sisters seemed to have bought sushi. “So, how was your first week at uni?”

Zayn didn’t mean to groan at the question