felt like he was slightly floating or something.

“Let’s go to my dorm then,” Liam said, heading to one of the buildings with Zayn in tow. Zayn just let himself be dragged away. He felt like deadweight but Liam could probably handle him because he was strong. He heard Liam mutter something about them walking too slow.

Suddenly, Liam lifted Zayn and settled him over his shoulder, his hand accidentally landing on Zayn’s ass. The raven-haired lad squeaked in surprise. Liam quickly moved his hand to the small of Zayn’s back. “Sorry, sorry,” he apologized, sounding embarrassed. Zayn looked down and suddenly wasn’t complaining. He had a good view of Liam’s butt.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t ogle Liam for long because Liam used his super-speed to get them to his dorm room. He set Zayn down on his bed and put their bags on the floor. He leaned over Zayn to fluff up the pillows for him.

Zayn, feeling somewhat lucid, had a very loose tongue. “You know, normally I like people to buy me dinner before getting me in their beds,” he said, grinning up at Liam like a lunatic. Liam’s movements faltered.

“You are way more out of your mind than I thought,” Liam said, amused. He pulled the covers over Zayn. “Get some rest. You’re acting this way because you’re tired. I’m going to class and I’ll check up on you afterwards.”

Zayn nodded, smiling softly because the pillows were so soft under him and he felt so warm and content. He barely heard the sound of the door shutting before he fell asleep.

…

Zayn woke up a few hours later feeling well rested and relaxed. He yawned and stretched in his bed. Wait, he thought as he felt around. This wasn’t his bed. Zayn sat up quickly and looked at his surroundings. Looking at the different décor, he knew that this certainly wasn’t his room.

Did he have a one night stand?

The door opened and Liam walked in. All the events that had happened before Zayn fell asleep rushed into his mind. Zayn blushed when he remembered a particular line he said to Liam that might have shown his attraction to the other man. Zayn ridded the thoughts from his head and saw Liam giving him a bright smile.

“You’re awake,” he said happily, resembling a puppy that just got a new chew toy from its owner. He dropped his bag and rushed to Zayn’s side, kneeling at the side of the bed so that he was at Zayn’s eye level. “How are you feeling?”

Zayn couldn’t help but smile at how caring Liam was towards him despite them being practically strangers. “I feel better,” he said, gratefully. He yawned once again before asking, “What happened?”

“Mr. Tommo pushed you too hard. You sort of used your powers too much and your body couldn’t handle it,” Liam explained, looking upset all over again. Zayn’s heart skipped a beat at the thought of Liam being upset because Zayn had been hurt. “You looked close to collapsing so I took you back to your dorm before heading to class.”

Zayn rubbed a hand over his face, “Gosh, I must have made you late for class.” He remembered how sluggish he moved and how Liam practically carried him over to his dorm. Liam smiled at Zayn again. He had one of those perfect smiles and Zayn felt reborn every time Liam smiled at him.

“No worries,” he said, grinning slightly. “I have super-speed remember? I made it to class just in time.”

“Did you hit a table again?” Zayn asked before he could even process his thoughts. Liam blinked a few times, confused as to why he was asking before realization shone in his eyes. He quickly hid his face in his hands, feeling embarrassed.

“Why did you have to remind me?” Zayn let out a laugh at that.

“It was pretty funny.” Liam pouted at him and Zayn couldn’t help but think that Liam was pretty adorable.

“It wasn’t funny,” he protested weakly. Zayn gave him a smirk.

“Okay, it wasn’t funny. It was hilarious!” Zayn looked at him with a victorious look on his face. Yay for loopholes!

Liam made a face and blanched. “That was a horrible joke. Almost as horrible as my friend’s jokes,” he said fondly, shaking his head at Zayn. “He had this one crab joke that he won’t stop raving about.”

As much as he would like to ask Liam what it was and spend more time in his bed, Zayn needed to get back to reality. He took a peek at the clock on Liam’s bedside table and almost fell out of bed when he saw the time. “Shit,” he groaned. “I missed one of my classes.”

Liam snorted before he could help himself. “Even if you