food on him and calling him a fucking terrorist,” Louis interjected. Eric sat behind his desk, his face annoyed and his hands clenched.

“That’s happened a few times before,” the vampire told them. “Only, when they did that, I had them punished for disrespecting my progeny. Too bad I wasn’t there last night. Pretty sure I would have seen red.”

“The one who attacked him last night was a human,” Niall explained. “He had no idea that Zayn was a vampire.” Eric nodded.

“Thank God, he didn’t. If he did, there’s no telling what he would have done to Zayn,” Eric responded. “ There are hate groups starting to form now. They don’t agree with the Great Revelation. I wouldn’t be surprised if that man was a part of them. In case of anything, just know that Zayn can survive any injury except a stake to the heart and a few blood-related diseases. Keep that in mind.”

The four supernaturals nodded, storing the information in their heads. Then, Harry brought up a pressing matter. “I just don’t understand why Zayn looked too accepting of the situation. He even thought that he was to blame for the whole ordeal.”

Eric ran a hand through his hair and let out a huff. “Here’s the thing with Zayn. Before he was my progeny, he was bullied a lot. I witnessed it firsthand on the night I took him away from that town. He only used his strength when he felt like serious damage would happen to him. Who knows how long he had been told and brainwashed that he was an outcast and an abomination.

“On some days, Zayn embraces who he is. He accepts that he is half-vampire and uses that to his advantage. Pam’s been helping him by telling him to accept that he’s different and regard it as an upper hand. However, sometimes, he hates himself. I’ve heard him regard himself as a freak when he was reiterating the story of how his childhood was in that town.

“He isn’t comfortable with his skin sometimes. Reports from Doctor Ludwig said that his father was Asian, Pakistani to be exact. That’s where he got his skin tone and some of his features. Zayn isn’t comfortable with the fact that he isn’t fully vampire or fully human. He isn’t comfortable with the fact that he is different from different,” Eric let out a sigh that felt weighed down by problems.

“We’ll help him accept who he is,” Liam promised, sounding very determined. “It pains us to see him blind to how much of a treasure he really is.”

Eric nodded in agreement. “It sure is,” he replied. “If I ever met up with his real Maker, I might slap her in the face for leaving him to self-destruct. That isn’t how a Maker should care for their progeny.”

“Are you any closer to finding out who she is?” Louis asked curiously.

“Doctor Ludwig said that she might have found something but she needs to rerun the test. We’ll have the answer in a few days, hopefully before whoever is hunting him down tries anything,” Eric told them.

“Any leads on them?” Niall asked. Eric shook his head.

“It seems like a dead end,” he answered. “I hope nothing drastic happens.”

Harry gave Eric a smile, “Don’t worry, Mr. Northman. We’ll protect Zayn with all we have.”

“I’m keeping you to that promise. If he’s harmed, I won’t hesitate to end you,” Eric threatened though his tone was humourous.

“I’m guessing that that’s your version of the talk fathers usually give to their children’s boyfriends,” Louis said, raising an eyebrow. Eric smirked at them.

“Exactly.”

…

“How many of these have you been to before?” Liam asked Zayn, his eyes sparing a glance to the passenger seat next to him to see the half-vampire drum his fingers on his thighs nervously. They were currently on their way to the vampire ball that Eric was hosting. They were all in their best suits, dressing to impress and give a good impression to Zayn’s fellow vampire peers.

“I’ve been to every one of them,” Zayn answered bluntly. “It’s kind of compulsory. Same old people every time only with new toys or progenies.” He let out a long sigh.

“I forgot that vampires lived long,” Louis said from the backseat. “It must be boring, innit?” Zayn nodded glumly.

“Normally, I just greet them and retreat to the kitchen or stay in the shadows if the event is held away from home,” Zayn replied. “Nobody usually asks for me anyway.” When Liam gave him a questioning look, he merely shrugged.

A few minutes later, they pulled up before a large mansion. The four supernaturals were awed by