that doesn’t make any sense.” Louis lays his hands flat on the table as if he is making a business deal or something.

“What I am saying is, after all you’ve been through, do you really want to break up?” Louis questions him. “ Remember Danielle? Or Sophia or even, Perrie?”

Liam cringes at all the names. He had dated the girls, except Perrie, when he thought he was straight. It was a dark time for him and Zayn retaliated by dating Perrie. Zayn had told him that he was going to propose to Perrie but Zayn’s mother put a stop to that by reminding him that he was still young. Afterwards, it was a blur of parties, booze and sex, on Liam’s part. A lot of things happened but luckily, they managed to shoulder through.

“What is this but a bump in the road? Have faith in your relationship, Liam,” Louis advises him, worriedness seeping into his tone. “If you lose faith in it, it won’t survive. You love Zayn and Zayn loves you. Believe in that and hold onto it, okay mate?”

Liam nods, feeling scolded but weirdly lighter. “Okay, thanks, Lou.”

Louis grins,“Love advice is my specialty. ”

They both laugh, knowing that his statement is bullshit. Louis just has those moments where he actually acts his age and has wisdom. Liam thinks that maybe it is because of Louis’ boyfriend, Harry who seems to bring out Mature Louis.

Whatever the case, Liam is determined to take that advice seriously because it is the only thing keeping him grounded at the moment.

That and Zayn’s love for him.

...



Three.



It becomes an unspoken rule to spend every minute that they have left together. Both of them know that there is this looming death date above their heads but they choose to ignore it, focusing on the moments right now rather than the unpredictable future.

They have a lot more free time now, with Zayn quitting his side jobs to focus on preparing to leave and Liam’s classes end earlier now. They spend every evening by going on dates. Dates that consist of walking in the park or watching a movie at the cinema or dinner out. They just bask in the presence of each other. Savoring each moment before it is gone.

They take turns picking out dates. Yesterday was Liam’s turn. He had taken Zayn out on a picnic under the stars. They laid on a blanket and watched the sky, looking out for a shooting star. And by luck, one passed them. They both closed their eyes, making a wish. Liam wished for their relationship to hold on strong and Zayn wished for something. Anything.

Today, Zayn wants to go to the pier. There is a funfair there and Zayn knows that Liam loves funfairs. Once Liam’s classes finish, they drive all the way there. The funfair is lively, a lot of people are there and there are couples there too. Liam and Zayn do all the mushy couple stuff, like taking selfies, going on bumper cars and Liam even wins Zayn a big teddy bear with eyes as brown and soft as Liam’s. Zayn’s words those are, mind you.

At some point, Liam leaves Zayn in front of a souvenir shop to buy some cotton candy while Zayn browses the knick knacks. The shop is one of many, selling the same stuff as all the others. Once Liam is off, Zayn sighs. He knows what is going on with Liam. He knows how Liam feels. He also knows that Liam wants him to put himself first because the art school is the best thing for Zayn.

Those were Liam’s words during one of their talks a few nights before. Zayn had argued, saying that Liam was the best thing for him. But Liam wanted him to go to the art school because he might not get another chance like that again. No matter how much Zayn had wanted to protest, he knew that Liam was right. Now, it is too late to back out. Zayn would be leaving in a couple of days.

But he would never leave Liam. He had wanted to bring Liam along but his boyfriend insisted that there was nothing for him there. That his life was here. And so going together wasn’t an option. Which is why Zayn’s hand drifts to a world globe in a pile of hats. The globe isn’t that big, about thirteen centimeters in diameter. He has an idea in his head, something sentimental. So he buys it.

When Liam comes back, grinning as he hands Zayn a stick of cotton candy, Zayn hides the plastic bag containing the globe behind his teddy bear and they go on the ferris wheel, watching the sunset together. It feels nice and Zayn is going to miss this when he leaves.

He’s going to miss a lot of things but moments of comfortable silence filled with unspoken words that do not need to be said are what he will miss the most.

When they get home,