all sort of going out together, at Burger Fool….”


 

It was calculated to defuse the situation, to make it clear that no one was a threat to the creature’s dominance, that it was just bad timing, poor planning, something the fickle little girl would have to think about before coming to the inevitable conclusion. Whatever would allow Frieda to get behind a locked door.

Because Frieda was all too familiar with yelling, swearing, words that probably should never be said to a human person, and no stranger to the hand around her wrist and the arms on either side of her shoulders and breath like lava on her skin. And she’d been in one too many locked rooms with only one other person – one was one too many – and she’d never heard a story about this guy, but she’d heard stories that named no names.

She’d heard stories about the bleachers after the game and the locker room during it, she’d heard stories of lunch detentions that the teachers didn’t bother to stay for. She’d heard about the blind turn in one corner of the lunchline and the hallway in full view of all eyes. She heard about the clubs that assigned buddies to new members and wouldn’t let you change them, the ones that sometimes had everyone show up and sometimes just one guy, the ones that had more boys than girls and poor supervision.

She heard about the teachers who tried not to know and the teachers who didn’t care.

 


“You and Osgood, huh?”


 

For once, Frieda wouldn’t have minded belonging to someone, being the known property of some boy, an accessory that he was nonetheless fond of and didn’t want anyone else messing up or ruining. She thought maybe she should’ve picked out a jock the way they picked out Frieda, but instead for his hulking frame and intimidating glare. She thought maybe, if she thought on her feet, if her mind weren’t iced over at the edges, she could pick a name out of the air and show it to the predator, who would hiss and arch his back and run away.

And she was scrabbling to grab on to any handhold as the conversation swerved nearly off the road only she was slammed back into herself as they skidded to a stop, one word repeating over and over in her mind as she tried to figure out why he was constantly going on about Jimmy.

She’d thought they’d changed the subject already.

 


“What?”


 

This was – was he coming at her just to get to Jimmy? Was that what it was? That Frieda wasn’t even prey herself, she was just another object for them to destroy in their relentless campaign to break some kid who would never have even talked to them unprovoked? Did he even realize what he was doing, or was he just enjoying the terror he visited on people, not even knowing what it was he was enjoying? Did he genuinely think he was interested?

Was he genuinely interested? Which was the side benefit?

And Frieda tiptoed through the catalog of her mind again, and there it was, she was looking through the wrong index all along, because for all the unnamed attackers that didn’t quite fit, there were so many stories attributed to just somebody that did fit, that fit exactly, that she would have seen sooner if he didn’t just sometimes make her skin crawl the way he stared too hard down her shirt. Because that problem was never Frieda’s problem, just one she’d been trying to sell the school paper on every single issue so far.

Because Frieda didn’t get cornered at the end of the lunchline, she got people pressing too close from behind. She didn’t get shoved into lockers, only shoved against them. She didn’t get her assignments ripped up and her projects smashed, she got badly worded study date invitations and people who failed on purpose so they needed tutoring.

Frieda didn’t get messages to kill herself, just unsolicited penises all over her blog.

And this monster was the other kind.

And Frieda thought again about the teachers who turned away quickly so they wouldn’t have to see, the ones who walked through the halls with their heads ducked, the ones who ate away from the students to be away rather than alone. She thought of the teachers who came up with alternate explanations every time something was brought up, or asked if she had just misunderstood, or wondered if it had really happened at all, if it was as bad as all that. She thought of the teachers who rolled their eyes at her. She thought of the teachers who looked her right in the face and told her that boys would be boys.

 


“Yeah, I hear you and he are, like, best friends.”


 

After that, Frieda wasn’t trying to stroke his ego anymore. She wasn’t looking to save her own skin. It had stopped being about a relationship she could use as a shield, because it wasn’t even her the asshole was seeing, she was just the latest