that it’s normal, especially during puberty, especially with any kind of new bond, especially when they put all these thoughts in kids’ heads these days with talk of health and relationships and couldn’t they just wait until marriage like everyone used to because no one got diseases back then and everyone was happy and never divorced.

Alec’s main takeaway is that it’s extremely common to dream about your parabatai naked and in compromising situations.

 


“You’ll get used to it. It gets easier after a while.”



 


At a certain point, Alec stops being worried about what if he likes boys and starts being worried about what if he likes girls. As far as he knows, it’s impossible, or at least really, really rare, to feel both ways, and he can handle being different, but he’s not sure if he can handle being weird. He wonders if they would want to study him, or if they’d just go straight to stripping him of his runes. His hands shake when he tries to hold fast to the mantra that his thoughts are about girls; mine are about boys because then at least he can tell where he ends and Jace begins.

The dreams don’t help. He dreams about every shadowhunter who isn’t a member of his family, and sometimes even Jace, and it’s not like he can delineate, because maybe when he dreams about men that’s all him and when he dreams about women that’s all Jace, but there are so many that have men and women both, men with men and women with women and men with women too, and Jace is only the man sometimes, and sometimes it’s Alec, and what does it mean if he’s seeing himself with a woman or Jace with a man? Those dreams might even take more to dissect than the ones that have neither of them, because they’re that much harder to chalk up to brains being weird and ignore and forget. Much harder than the dreams of him and Jace.

Those dreams everyone has, and it’s long since ceased to bother either of them. So at least when he’s staring at the new barista with her look of concentration and a smile just for him, Alec can wonder what he feels about that without hashing out the consequences of that sort of thing, and thank fuck he doesn’t actually have a crush on his brother.

 


“I’d say there’s no point drawing a line. It’s like how your fighting styles converge.”



 


Alec’s gotten used to locking eyes across a crowded room and flashing a smile at someone. He’s even gotten used to flirting, just a little bit, but it all falls apart sooner or later, because he’s mostly channeling Jace, and Jace doesn’t know what the fuck to do when a boy starts flirting with him – it’s almost funny to watch, his confident, give-no-fucks parabatai floundering because the guy in the glittery eyeliner offered to buy him a drink.

He knows it’s his fault that Jace looked and liked just for a minute, and he can’t thank Jace enough for taking him places he can, “just be yourself, you know?”, but at least Alec can be sure he likes eyeliner. The problem is, he doesn’t know what to do with that information. The problem is, once they get past that, past looking at boys out of the corner of his eye, and acknowledging what he feels, past the shared smiles, or at least the tentative grin and the apologetic one, past the introductions and small talk about what they’re both drinking, Alec isn’t even sure what he wants. He can’t take them back to his place, and he’s worried if he goes back to theirs he’ll miss something important. Maybe even get someone killed. And, anyway, he can’t just leave Jace alone, can he? And Jace always comes with him, because he knows if he didn’t Alec wouldn’t turn up at all. The problem is, girls wear eyeliner, too.

And Alec likes the bars and the clubs, he likes the lights and the noise, he likes being in a crowd of people at least some of which, and sometimes most of which, feel the way he does. He’s just not sure what he wants from them. Everything he can imagine seems just a little bit lonely. And he knows he doesn’t definitely need a wife to have children, but it would be so much easier, and maybe he really could find someone to love.

After all, every now and then he feels that little tug that might be him and might be Jace, but when she shoots a skeptical look at Jace’s charming smile and beams at Alec instead, he gets the kind of butterflies that must mean something. If Jace stops caring the minute he steps away, they’re probably Alec’s feelings in the first place. Right?

 


“You