the condom and rolled it on with his lips.

Connor let out a strangled gasp, and his hand was in Hunter’s hair, but not yanking on it, just pushing his head away, and he said, “no, I mean, I have HIV.”

“Yeah,” Hunter said, and he drew out the word, “and I said, me too.”

And Connor’s eyes widened a little in surprise, and Hunter watched him, and then he gave a little nod and Hunter went back to giving the best damn blowjob he ever had, which was surprisingly not that hard now that he actually wanted to do it. Or, well, it wasn’t hard for very long, anyway, because Hunter was just that good.

“Fuck,” Connor said.

Hunter had to agree, really.

Connor grinned at him as he carefully pulled the condom off and tied it and wadded it up to toss in the trash. “You want me to do you?” he called as he washed his hands like he did after every time no matter what they’d been doing or even if they finished, and, Hunter had to assume, every time he jerked off, too.

“Sure,” Hunter called back, surprisingly enjoying that thought, even though it wasn’t the kind of thing he thought about all that much.

And Connor walked back out grinning at him (and shut and locked the bathroom door) and dropped to his knees and Hunter’s dick twitched, which was funny to him, because all the guy (and still a guy, which might never stop being weird) was doing was smiling, not even licking his lips or anything.

But Connor proceeded to roll the condom onto his dick and give him not the best hummer he’d ever gotten but probably top ten through a condom, and definitely number one for blowies that didn’t give him fucking hives once he was done thinking about them.

Hunter thought maybe he was in love, but that was probably stupid.

Hunter thought maybe he could hear some sort of theme song going on, like maybe an achievement riff, but that was definitely stupid.

Connor grinned at him again, and he was pretty okay with things being stupid, because he was sure his face was one of them. He was sure it was stupid when he kissed his boyfriend back even as he got rushed to the bathroom to take care of his shit. Hunter thought maybe washing his hands wasn’t strictly necessary given all the other ways he could clean everything off, but it was kind of endearingly specific.

Then he thought love could be as bullshit as it wanted because he was game.

When he got back to Connor’s bed, they both snuggled into it and just made out for a while, and totally got clucked at by Connor’s roommate (even though it was his fault he needed some book badly enough to ignore the tie on the door) which kind of killed the mood basically, which fucking sucked, but, then, the sucking hadn’t, so.

Hunter grinned that stupid grin again and he kind of wanted to murder his face.

(Connor’s roommate rolled his eyes and left.)

Connor brushed Hunter’s hair out of his eyes and kissed his nose. “How’d you get it?”

Hunter felt the world slipping away from him for a minute and even his stupid grin faltered, but he’s gotten over this and he didn’t care anymore, or what was the point of the therapist and two separate fucking support groups, but he still did kind of care a little bit, so he fell back on his usual defense mechanism and said, “basically I fucked a couple thousand guys bareback for money.”

So when Connor was pushing him away, off the bed, it hurt, but he’d set himself up for that fall, so it didn’t hurt as much as it might have. He didn’t want to look up and see what he knew was going to be there if he met Connor’s eyes, and he let himself hope for just a second that maybe his ex-boyfriend was upset with the cavalier way he’d said it (because that was dismissive of sexual abuse) or the caustic sarcasm (because that was dismissive of Connor), or something other than figuring out the guy he’d thought he liked was just a fucking whore.

So when Connor was crying, that was actually surprising, and Hunter wished he could take it back while he held his breath and hoped he hadn’t tripped over a trigger.

“Fuck you,” Connor said, and Hunter breathed again.

Because that was okay, that just meant Hunter was an asshole, and he knew that.

“Fuck you,” Connor said again, “I slept with one guy, okay, I had unprotected sex with one person, and I’ve only ever had sex with two, three now, and apparently they’re all assholes!”

Which was definitely not the reaction Hunter expected, and he wasn’t sure how to fix it.

“I don’t