tensed.

It wasn’t anyone who knew him as Virgil, though. And it wasn’t even a friend of the first protester; it came from the other direction. It also came accompanied by a half dozen other people, all of whom had set down their signs, and turned to face Static instead of the cameras.

“Hey, guys,” Virgil said, doing his best not to reflexively lower the sign, “I don’t want any trouble. Just looking to fight for our rights, same as you guys.”

“Our,” the one in front said, “oh, he says our like he’s one of us.”

Virgil’s grip tightened around his sign.

“Get out of here,” one of the other ones said, quietly, hunched over and hands shoved deep in his pockets.

“Didn’t you hear him? Leave,” said another, fists clenched tight by his sides.

Virgil considered making some sort of platitude about how they were all in this together, but somehow, he couldn’t seem to find Static’s voice.

“You’re not a real mutant,” the first one spat.

And Virgil simultaneously relaxed and tensed, because what the hell, he was a real mutant, no one treated Static like he wasn’t a mutant, and what was a real mutant, anyway, what did that even mean? Most people started showing their mutations in high school, the same as he had, so even if it had come from a different source –

“Look, you don’t understand,” said another protester, plaintively, one of the ones who had barely managed to climb out of bed, “it’s not the same for you.”

“Oh, because I had an accident,” Virgil said, finally finding, if not Static’s voice, something close enough, “I’m not the same. Everyone says, oh, poor Static, it’s not his fault he’s a freak.”

“Don’t use that word,” someone else growled, glaring as she stepped closer to him. “That’s not your word to use unless it’s used against you.”

And Virgil wanted to say that it was, that what did they think people called him, that just because people thought of him as a hero they thought he couldn’t have anything to do with the big bang, that he must’ve been like that all along –

“No one has a problem with you,” Virgil heard, as if that wasn’t the most laughable thing in the world, as if he’d grown up with everything he wanted instead of whatever his parents could manage to scrape together, as if people didn’t question his humanity the second they took a look at him. Hell, Virgil would probably be better off if he’d turned blue.

“You couldn’t help it,” someone told him, and Virgil couldn’t keep track of them anymore. It was still half a dozen, a dozen at most, but it started to feel like it was the whole crowd, every protester here, like Static was the only one, even though he knew a couple of the big names had had accidents themselves.

“You don’t think it’s easier for you,” someone sobbed, “you don’t think people are more willing to deal with you, because you’re not – not contaminated?”

“Don’t you think it’s easier that you can hide?”

“And what about you?” another voice cut in. Deeper. Older. A gentle hand rested on Virgil’s shoulder, and he tried not to flinch. “Do you think you have no advantage, being able to control your powers, as you can? Do you think you have no advantage, looking as you do – look around you. How many faces do you see that don’t at least look human?”

And that was it. The crowd dispersed. And Virgil thought, maybe he’d overestimated the size. Or maybe the comments were coming from all around because people were just – there. Not because they’d decided to threaten him. Or maybe this guy had just scared them off.

Virgil turned around.

He was looking into a face that was deeply, heavily lined, smiling a smile that seemed real enough, even if it didn’t go all the way to his eyes. He wore a helmet, but no mask. At least he had the decency to be wearing a cape, and Virgil self-consciously rearranged his own costume around himself, hoping he didn’t look as disheveled as he felt.

“Hello. Static, was it?” the old man asked, holding out his hand.

Virgil took it, looking the costume up and down as he shook, and said, carefully, “Magneto. It’s nice to meet you.”

Magneto laughed. “You don’t have to say it if you don’t mean it. I’m well used to dealing with people who dislike me for personal reasons.”