eye lashes. "I just need to know why you said those things? You of all people know how that gets to me and now you're throwing it up in my face?! You hurt me...." Well, now Dolph felt like a piece of shit. Mike looked genuinely hurt, arms crossed defensively over his broad chest, shoulders hunched like he wanted to disappear from view. He tried desperately to think of something to say, but as was always the case with Mike, he could only tell the truth.

"I- I honestly have no explanation. One second I was struggling to find something to say and the next I was just talking. I never meant to say those things." Mike wouldn't meet his eyes after that. After a minute of silence, he walked away, arms wrapped around his middle and shoulders hunched more than before. Everyone he passed looked between them, concern written all over their faces.

Except on Nikki Bella's.

"Hey Dolph, maybe you should take my advice from when we broke up and keep your stupid mouth shut! You see what you did to that man? Exactly what you did to me. We give you love and you just throw it back in our faces like it means nothing to you." She glared at him, as angry (and hurt) as the night she'd broken up with him all those years ago. Dolph scuffed his shoe on the ground, avoiding the cold brown eyes of his ex. She was right, of course, but it was a little too late for that.

"Nicole, what do I do? I don't want to lose him like I lost you." She huffed, slapping his arm roughly.

"You go to him and apologize. Get on your knees and beg for his forgiveness. Prove to him you're really sorry about what you said, and then make it up to him. Promise you won't say hurtful things like that again, even in the midst of a hot feud. He cares about you a lot, Ziggles, we all can see that. You don't want to lose him." Dolph nodded, picking at the waistband of his jean leggings before thanking her and briskly walking away.

He had a mission.

***

Mike had never been so.....upset. Broken. Hurt. Disappointed. Even the millions of times people had let him down in his life, had broken promises and stomped on his heart, he never really got upset. He just chalked it up to people being people and that's how they were. But this time, it was different.

About a year before, his relationship with Maryse absolutely crumbled. It was messy and ugly, everyone backstage taking sides and getting into fights over something they weren't even involved in. It still hurt every time they walked to the ring together, having to pretend everything was fine until WWE figured out what to do with her. 

When they had broken up, Mike had run away to the only person he felt could really comfort him-

Dolph.

What had started as the two of them playing video games and eating cold pizza from Dolph's fridge suddenly turned into something so much more. And it was awkward the next day, with Dolph standing in the kitchen in nothing but Mike's Cavs shirt from the day before and a pair of black boxer briefs, and Mike trying to think of excuses to explain away what happened the night before while they both sipped on some coffee. Even with his mind racing and guilt twisting his gut, Mike had still felt immense comfort standing there with his best friend. 

Even with the images of the night before spinning around his brain, or the way his skin prickled from the cool touch of the stainless steel refrigerator against his shirtless torso, he never felt the need to slip away when Dolph excused himself to the bathroom. Mike had just nodded silently, cleaned up their mugs, and put on Sports Center in the living room while he scrolled through Twitter and Instagram on the plush couch. He had been in no hurry to clean up the mess he left with Maryse at their mansion, instead opting to cuddle into the couch that smelled of sweet cologne and something a little fruity, soft tie dye blanket pulled up to his chin, and watch sports highlights with his best friend.

After that night, they hooked up a few more times on the road (when Mike was particularly lonely and Dolph came to comfort him) before Mike finally realized there was something there he was ignoring, shoving it into a secret chest in his heart the next morning in hopes it would just go away.

Needless to say, it never did.

He felt this fluttery sensation in his stomach when he watched Dolph on the television backstage. Suddenly there were sharp feelings of anger when anyone knocked him down too hard or served him a stiff punch to the jaw. When fangirls came up to him at meet and greets, all flustered and giggly, Mike wanted to break it up because some weird feeling of jealousy would take over and he'd be snappish towards everyone for the whole thing (which was just