seem years younger. Much younger than the make-up and green beer bottle let on.

About the age he met her, actually.

“Okay party people, who's up first!?” Perrie’s friends were apparently all annoying when drunk, accents running thicker and voices pitching higher the more alcohol poured from the bottles. He missed the deep timbre of his bandmates’ voices, save for Louis, and the easy way he could understand everyone but Niall, no matter how pissed they all were.

“Ooo! Zayn! Me! Um, I mean Zayn and me!! Well duet.” Well, there went him being able to just ride out the buzz in his veins and the dull throbbing behind his eyes. He wasn't one to disappoint Perrie, even if he really didn't want to do something, so he stumbled to his feet, wondering at the boots over where his feet should be, as Perrie grasped his bicep in her smaller hands and yanked him to Jesy.

“Great! I always thought you two should do it. I mean duet! You guys already do it, don't ya?” He shooed her away, wanting end this as quickly as possible, and motioned for the blonde to pick a song. Jesy stumbled away, giggling loudly as she snatched up a slice of pizza.

“Oh Zaynie look! So many wonderful songs. I just- I can't pick one!” The pout was back as she looked from the screen to him, batting those fake lashes at him in a way that always tricked him into giving her what she wanted. He was weak for Perrie Edwards.

“Ugh fine. I'll pick.” He focused his blurred vision on the piercing white letters, trying to make sense of them while he scrolled. Jade and Leigh offered suggestions as he went, some as cheesy as ‘My Heart Will Go On’ while others were a bit more raunchy, ‘Scream’ by Usher being the favorite of the girls.

No way was he singing that song.

“Let me just….hold on Pez!” He squinted his eyes, swearing quietly when the letters just aggravated his headache more and more. Finally he scrolled across a few Bruno Mars songs, most of which he and Perrie would both know, and chose one at random.

Hopefully, it would be a good one.

“Oh Zayn! This song is so beautiful! I love it.” He'd chosen ‘Just the Way You Are’, one of the cheesiest songs Mars had put out to date. Cringing, he tried to play it off as romantic, but of course she knew better, even in her intoxicated state. 

“Get it Zayn! Gotta get those points with the missus!” 

When the song ended, Perrie’s cheeks a pretty shade of pink, Zayn announced he was too tired to continue the party and bid them all goodnight. Plenty of whining and good-natured ribbing followed him from the room, but he hardly minded when his head hit the pillow only seconds later.

***

“So Malik, how was that little party with the Little Mixers? Was it fun?” The way Louis said fun, something distinctly smug laced through his words, made Zayn peek up from his comic curiously. 

“Um it was good. Pizza and beer is all that's needed to have a good time, as you know.” The teasing bit at the end went ignored as a smirk crept onto the older boy’s face, blue eyes twinkling.

“Mhm, good. And singing usually makes for an exciting time, right?” That caught his attention. If Louis was asking, then that meant…

“Mate, have you checked your bird’s Instagram?! Oh hey Lou.” Zayn felt the heat in his cheeks, the way his eyes narrowed, but otherwise didn't move. Niall stood in the doorway, arms crossed and eyebrow cocked knowingly.

That was one reason he didn't sing while drunk!

“Perrie!” He let the bass carry his voice through the bus as he logged on to Instagram, horrified to find a video of him (looking awful and trashed off his face) and Perrie singing the damn Bruno Mars song, cheeks a very telling shade of red.

“On the bright side, at least you're dating her. Remember when Harry got caught singing with a girl he hardly knew? The newspapers loved that week!” Both Zayn and Louis rolled their eyes and flicked Niall in the forehead. 

“Ow!”

Just as Zayn went to message Perrie to please take that embarrassing video down, another body joined the crowd at his bunk.

“Zayn! Did you see-“ Louis and Niall burst out laughing, much to the apparent confusion of Liam, all scrunched brows and frowny lips.

“What's so funny?” They both tried to explain through their tittering giggles that Zayn already knew about the drunk post, Liam growing evermore frustrated when they couldn't complete any sentences. It would have been funny if Zayn wasn't hungover and embarrassed.

“What is everyone making such a noise over?” The quiet bass of one Harry Styles called