'd just come from and tried to figure out how to get to the temple yard that she'd heard Aang tittering on about to Toph and Suki the day before. It took her quite a while, the sun sliding higher into the blue, orange, and pink sky, but she finally heard a stern voice and then the crackling of flames in the chilly air. Not sure if they'd want to be disturbed while training, especially with how easily Aang was distracted by her, she kept to the shadows, ducking behind massive pillars if they seemed like they might look in her general direction. As much as she despised Zuko, he was helping Aang greatly by training him to face off with his father in the coming months.

It would be rude of her to take Aang's attention from his teacher, no matter how much she didn't like them being alone together. Sneaking a peek around the cold stone she had pressed her body against when the Avatar had suddenly swung away from Zuko and belted a stream of flickering orange flames into the sky, earning a scowl from the prince.

"I said ROAR!" She watched in amazement as the tiny streams he'd let out suddenly expanded, lungs pressing out a mighty roar, much to Zuko's apparent approval. She crept closer to them, slinking through the shadows like a common criminal. It was to keep Aang's focus on his lesson. She had to stay out of his way.

"Good, now lets go over your forms again. Remember, strong breathing is key to firebending. Now punch! Kick! Turn! No, the other way, Aang. Now the other hand....good, good." She watched in amusement and awe as Aang and Zuko worked together to teach his body the new movements that summoned the bright flares. She would never admit it out loud, but the stuffy prince was quite the teacher: firm when he needed to be, praises dotted through his instruction to encourage Aang when he did something right, and of course a hard look and a raised voice when he didn't seem to get it quite right.

Then they both stood side by side, tossed away their shirts, and fell into what seemed to be familiar forms for them, the easy way they worked in synch with the other to summon the flames she'd come to appreciate at times leaving her awestruck. They looked like a proper team, a force to be reckoned with. All too soon, they faced each other and bowed, Aang saying something she couldn't hear before walking off, and Zuko sitting down by a fountain and toweling the beads of sweat she figured must be on his skin.

While her mind seemed to be telling her to go start breakfast, her eyes stayed trained on the pale skin glowing under the sunlight that was now filling the clearing. He sat there for a long moment, hair hanging over his face so she couldn't see what he was doing or feeling and elbows braced on his thighs, hunching over slightly as he absently fiddled with the cloth in his hands. Despite her determination to hate him for the rest of time, her traitorous eyes scanned over his body, cataloging the broad shoulders, lean torso corded with tight muscles, and his arms flexing slightly.

Despite everything he'd done to them, to her, she felt the unwarranted blush creeping across her cheeks and down her neck as she continued to watch him, body pressed against the cool stone to get a little closer without alerting him. He stood slowly, stretching his arms above his head before collapsing in on himself in exhaustion. Scooping up his shirt, her eyes followed him as he moved to the steps leading to the main clearing everyone congregated in, giving her an unobscured view of his toned back and confident swagger. She tried to keep her eyes from wandering lower but obviously someone from above hated her as she continued checking his retreating form out.

Damn.

 ***

The third time she saw Zuko, without him being aware, was during the intermission of a terribly tragic play Sokka and Suki had insisted they'd go see to distract themselves from the comet coming soon. Everyone was grumpy thanks to the terrible portrayal of their selves on stage, save for Toph who loved being played by a mountain of a man who screamed at the other actors on stage to "see them".

It was a really stupid, awful, and insulting play. Even Zuko had looked miffed about his character, grumbling quietly about how he wasn't that stiff and what was up with that hair? It made her giggle a little, which of course meant that her character would come on stage and cry about something stupid, which earned her a few nudges and giggles. Aang also seemed very upset over the whole thing, glaring at the stage and crossing his arms in a pout.

"I'm funnier than that!" She rolled her eyes, exchanging a look with Zuko, before settling back against the bench. Her brother was utterly ridiculous.

During the intermission, which they all thanked the spirits for, Katara went to find Aang because something in the play had sent