, it was wrong to eavesdrop in a conversation clearly very personal, but that didn't mean she didn't want to hear what transpired between the waterbender and firebender.

"I know what will cheer you up...." Suddenly things were happening too fast for Suki to keep up with. One second they were by her face under the bed, then there was movement, and now suddenly the first pair of boots were gone and the other were dangling from the bed. There was an eerie silence, save for rustling and small movement, and now Suki felt a sharp blush blooming on her cheeks.

When had this started happening? How was she going to get out before it escalated? Had it escalated before?! She didn't know whether to block her ears or try to listen closer; Katara was her best friend, so it was her duty to protect her, but this was clearly a very secret and very intimate moment that she was intruding on. As she flip flopped the choices in her head, there was a sharp intake of breath above her, followed by a girly giggle.

She needed to escape.

Suki was a master of stealth, so she reasoned she could make it to the door without being spotted. The other pair of feet disappeared and that was her cue to get out of there pronto. Another giggle, a huff of breath, and shifting weight allowed her to slide out without the sound of fabric alerting them to her presence. 

Now just a couple of feet and she'd be home free. She crawled as close to the shadows of the room as she could, resisting the urge to see if they had spotted her yet. Better to look dumb sneaking around then chance a look and waste time. Just as she was about to soar through the doorway and make a run for the courtyard, she heard talking again from the bed.

"Wait, what about Aang?" Suki froze, afraid they'd see her now that they weren't distracted. There was an exasperated huff followed by movement and a startled sound that was a little unbecoming for future Fire Lords.

"What about him?" Came the coy retort. Suki was pretty impressed with Katara, giving her a mental pat on the back. What sounded like the start of a snicker, or maybe a protest, was cut off sharply. Then a groan of annoyance echoed around the room and more movement, this time Suki saw the firebender standing over the bed with his arms crossed. She couldn't see his face, but his stance was rigid, and while Suki couldn't see Katara very well either, she knew the girl would probably be glaring.

"Look, I just don't want to cause any problems with the Avatar. At least while we're training for him to fight my father." Suki wanted to snort; people cared too much about keeping Aang from falling apart. To keep him happy. She felt bad for him because he rarely got the truth; rarely got to understand consequences.

"Zuko, there's nothing between the Avatar and me. He just....I'll tell him the truth eventually. Now if you'll just-" Suki watched as Katara sat up, reaching for him, and how the older boy stepped back. Sometimes his honor code was very annoying, but Suki felt maybe Zuko had a point. Still, Katara deserved to be happy, to be a little selfish. 

It was a tough situation for sure.

"So you're going to be this way about it? I thought we - but I guess I was wrong." A pause. "Please get out. I just- I need to be alone." A curt nod from the firebender and Suki had to scoot back slightly to avoid being spotted by the door, though she wasn't sure if he'd notice her if a spotlight had been on her. After he had stormed out, Suki moved to escape again, but heard what sounded like soft sobs coming from the bed. Her heartstrings pulled, she took a deep breath and stood up, pretending she'd just entered the room.

Thankfully Katara was too busy crying into her knees to really notice.

"Katara? Hey what's wrong?" She feigned surprise to find her crying, hoping the girl wouldn't notice. The waterbender curled further in on herself, probably trying to hide away from her. Suki settled on the bed next to her, ignoring the fact Zuko had been here only moments before.

Not one to be pushy, Suki let Katara cry herself out. While Katara was usually pushing to find out what was wrong with others, the girl herself wasn't one to keep things inside. If she wanted to share, she would. Suki just rubbed her friend's back and waited.

"Suki, what would you do if you really liked a guy, were getting positive signals back, and then he just...." she trailed off, feet sliding off the bed and hands coming to fall in her lap. Suki knew exactly who she was talking about, which surprised her: when had Katara started to really like