pulled back abruptly, eyes scanning her face.

"Are we on the same page still?" She pondered this for a moment, then decided to throw caution to the wind and toy with the fire prince.

"What page is that, Zuko?" Katara saw the hesitation, the brief moment where he wanted to flee, but then watched as something else slid over his features, his eyes melting right before her.

"I really want to give you a tour of those bedchambers now." Katara giggled at him, kissing away the hurt in his face before wrapping her arms around his neck.

"That was the only thing I really wanted a tour of, though you do have a very lovely home." With that, he scooped her into his arms and dashed back inside. Quietly he sprinted into one of the rooms (Katara marveled at his ability to carry her and move so silently), pushing the door closed with a shove of his hips before he set her down again. His back made a soft thud against the wood door as she shoved against him, teeth nipping at his lips while his hands scrambled along her body.

She groaned in pleasure as he hoisted her up and turned to press her back against the door this time, hard body pressed into hers so suddenly she was dizzy. Her body buzzed at the new places of contact, her dress hiking up dangerously high. 

She hardly noticed.

He placed her back on the ground after a moment, though he still remained close. She kicked off the shoes, yanked the rest of her hair free, tossing the pin somewhere, and tried to shimmy out of the dress all while digging a hand into Zuko's hair, pressing his hot open mouth harder into her neck and jaw. A rumbling groan answered her efforts, so she continued guiding him down her body, delighted when his large hands helped slide the silky fabric off her upper body, though it clung to her hips still.

"Still okay?" He mumbled against her lips, hands coming up to touch her in places no man had before. She was still wearing the Fire Nation binding, looser than her Water Tribe one, and she felt her breath hitch when he removed it, lips tracing all over her smooth dark skin. His hands stayed put after that, planted firmly on her waist even as his mouth teased and tasted.

"Oh yes. Definitely good. Really good." She realized they were unbalanced suddenly, and her curiosity as to what lay beneath his formal clothing overcame her. Shaking fingers searched for a sash to untie or buttons to undo, but frustratingly came up with nothing. Zuko chuckled darkly.

"Relax, Kat. I'm getting there. Just can't get over this yet." Her blood sizzled at the pet name he was unknowingly using. She never thought the name once used by her father could sound so sexy. Life was really so strange. 

True to his word, Zuko pulled back and ripped his shirt off his body, exposing taunt pale skin over corded muscles. Her mouth absolutely watered, which was really freaking dumb to read in her romance scrolls, but now made total sense.

"Wow." She breathed out, fingers trailing down over hard abdominal muscles and tracing the line of his pants. He jumped.

"You sure know how to boost a man's ego, Kat. You look like you could eat me for dessert right now." The teasing note to his voice made her smile, and she hoped he could see the feeling was very real. She watched him swallow thickly as her nails gently scratched down his chest, his fingers digging into her hips. Just as she was about to reveal what had been digging harshly into her thighs a few seconds ago, he grabbed her wrists, eyes dark pools in the nearly black room.

"Zuko..." she whined, body arching up from the wall against her will. She was losing control over her bodily functions the longer this went on, and she didn't even care. His face contorted a little, as if was fighting something, but then he was smirking.

"Just checking. Let's move away from the door now." She took charge this time, hands flat on his chest as she moved him back, feeling like a predator after the prey. He flopped down on the bed, looking so good she briefly wondered how she could have been so cautious when they first met. This was worth it all.

"Erm, Kat? Have you, like, y'know...." Katara felt oddly unlike herself, crawling over his body like a predator going for the kill, making sure to press her exposed chest against his. The rest of her dress fell to the floor, exposing her skin fully. Wrapped in the light of the moon, she felt powerful. She felt in control, his eyes widened as they skated down her body, making her skin tingle in the best way.

"No, but I'm willing to go there with you. Zuko, please..." She didn't need to say anything else. The prince shoved up and spun them, her back landing softly on the