near their chests, Ren catches it.

His heart is instantly in his mouth, but Takaya swallows all his uncertainty and stubbornly pulls Ren’s hand closer, lacing their fingers together.

His eyes are still adjusting to the dim light from the window, but Abe’s pretty certain Ren’s smiling at their hands. And this smile, this one is different too. One he sees more often nowadays but still never enough. The one when Ren’s relaxed. Content.

Fuck. “Ren…”

Ren’s eyes flick to his face and then back to their hands. He ducks his chin down, wriggling happily, smile taking on a dreamier cast. “It’s…it’s just as good as I imagined…” Ren twitches, eyes flicking up to Abe’s for a second before he hunches down.

Heat climbs up Abe’s neck, and all he can do is stare for a moment. He swallows, looking at their hands. “What if you still can’t sleep?”

“Eh?”

“If just thinking about holding hands doesn’t work. What do you think of then?” He makes himself watch Ren’s face steadily, expression neutral.

Ren’s eyes dart around, and it almost seems like he won’t answer, will just keep huffing out his weird little noises. “Well… Sometimes I think about…if y—someone maybe t-touched…?” Abe’s expression takes on a slightly pained cast as he waits for Ren to elaborate. “Um…maybe just…my arm…?”

“You want someone to touch your arm,” Takaya deadpans. Ren peers at him helplessly, shrugging his shoulders. Takaya huffs out a sigh and shakes his hand free of Ren’s, grabbing it with the other one before he can get any weird ideas. He lets his hand close on the toned muscles of Ren’s bicep, thumb pressing into the firm flesh, then strokes down to his elbow before bringing his hand back up to just under the hem of his sleeve. “Like this?”

“Yeah…” Ren watches his hand, wide-eyed, as he pets him again. “But…but if someone wanted to touch me other places? That…that would also be nice…”

Feeling stubborn, Takaya asks, “Like where?”

“Um…” Ren’s eyes flick to him. “Maybe…maybe my hair? Or…or my face?”

Takaya does his best to focus on the satisfaction of getting a proper answer and not on the flush spreading across his cheeks or the excitement coiling in his belly. He slides his hand up past Ren’s shoulder to push his fingers into his hair, dragging his hand down so his thumb frames Ren’s cheek, fingertips brushing under his hairline. “Like this?”

Ren’s eyes have fallen shut, his face soft as he nods. “Yeah.” Abe’s lips quirk up at the corners as he slides his hand back up, brushing Ren’s hair back from his temple, his brow. It’s so soft against his fingers, and he wonders, not for the first time, what it would feel like against his cheek, his lips. His stomach, his thighs. Takaya tugs up on Ren’s hand a little, wanting to cover his burning face.

Not that Ren’s looking, still has his eyes closed and a blissful expression as Takaya draws his hand down to his cheek again. He strokes it lightly a few times, then back up to trace the line of Ren’s eyebrow, a relaxed arch right now instead of a worried slant. The ball of his thumb brushes Ren’s lower lip, and Abe’s left inhaling shakily, shifting his hand back to more neutral territory.

“And what if that doesn’t work?”

Ren’s eyes slit open; for a moment, he just turns towards Abe’s touch. “After that…or…or before, even? But…I like to think about touching that person, too?” Abruptly, Ren smushes his face into the pillow with a squeak, though Takaya can still feel his sleepy gaze.

His mouth feels dry and he can’t think how to respond, so he just shakes off Ren’s hand, grabbing it with his other and squashing it against his own cheek before going back to petting his hair. Ren nuzzles the pillow, humming a low noise, his other hand finding Abe’s again, curling around the back with their fingers laced together and tucking them up under his chin. It’s unfairly cute, and Abe’s left staring at him, barely paying attention to the feel of Ren tentatively stroking his face, down the side of his neck.

But then, with a shaky breath, he lets his own eyes fall shut, feeling the pads of Ren’s fingers slip over his skin, press against him. Disappear from his neck to reappear tracing down the bridge of his nose, trail over his cheek, even the curve of his ear. Press between his brows, and it doesn’t