in Oikawa’s pants to pull them down. Oikawa shifts his hips the tiniest fraction to let him do it, controlling himself carefully until Suga pulls back again.

“Quit teasi—”

There’s the sound of Suga spitting.

Heat rushes to his cheeks.

“Spread your legs a little?”

He wants to crack a joke, snark something at him, but all he can do is nod and slide his legs further apart. Suga smiles, the dark line of his lips messy now but still gorgeous, gorgeous, and opening around the head of his dick so beautifully. Fingers push between his cheeks and he has to make himself relax, while somehow, somehow remaining still. He bites his lips together, releasing them on a plosive gasp as Suga’s fingertips push inside.

He can see the erratic rise and fall of his chest, the more measured expand of Suga’s ribs, and he might feel angry but no, he loves this, loves feeling all undone and then tied back up again by these lips, these hands, the red marks on his skin and everything they mean.

He reaches out to stroke fingers through his hair but fingers clamp around his wrist. But with a groan that resonates through Oikawa’s body, Suga brings his hand the rest of the way, eyes flicking up briefly.

“You’re a…you’re a…” He can’t finish the thought because Suga’s fingers curve into him just so, and it’s all he can do to keep from moving, keep from shoving back on that firm touch or fucking into the raw heat of his mouth. He combs his hand through Suga’s hair, his breath coming in rough pants and his gaze flicking between the twin images of Suga, so gorgeous from every angle and plunging him closer, closer, closer, until he has to squeeze his eyes shut and smack his fist against the wall over and over.

He comes down slow. Suga’s fingers still slide into him lazily, even once he stands, kissing his parted lips with a small laugh. He reaches behind Oikawa to flick the light on, blinding, blinding, but he’s not looking anyway, too intent on kissing.

Suga tugs him away from the wall, slipping behind him and urging him over to the mirror. Oikawa’s almost reluctant to look in the stark light, but it stirs a shiver of arousal in him, seeing the marks where Suga’s mouth had been, the writing scrawled down his ribs.

“I like your present, Tooru.”

He can feel Suga’s hard-on against his ass, jeans pleasantly rough against his bare skin. Embarrassment and arousal twine inside him, make him set his palms either side of the mirror, make him arch, make him meet his own still-dark eyes and then Suga’s at his shoulder. “Me too.”

In which oikawa somehow found Magical Lipstick that only selectively smears because otherwise suga would look like a 2yo who got into a pot of jam.

this was my first time writing these two, let alone this pairing, so I hope I did okay;;;;; OTL

em prompted:

Package: a box about the size of a shoebox, that seems to contain one itemTo: IzumiFrom: TajimaNote: use it when you're lonely and I'm not around ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Izumi eyes the box in the middle of the hall floor with the practiced suspicion of a bomb disposal expert.

Cautiously, he picks it up, shaking it experimentally. Something weighty shifts inside, though it seems to be packed in. With a fingertip, he opens the note, a folded-over ripped-off piece of printer paper. What’s with that face? If you’ve got money to throw around on random presents, you could at least go to the bother of getting a card.

Izumi reads the note, slowly raising an eyebrow. Feeling simultaneous twists of anticipation and dread, he takes the box over to the table to open. Tajima hadn’t even taped it shut, giving Izumi horrified visions of him having spilled it on the floor in front of one of the neighbours on his way up.

The first thing to greet his eyes is a butt. A perfectly nice butt clad in a violently magenta bikini bottom. Izumi raises both eyebrows, lifting the magazine out.

“You know I have the internet, right?” he sighs to no one in particular.

“Yeah, but old-school’s fun sometimes, ain’t it?”

Izumi whips around and smacks Tajima with the rolled-up magazine.

“Ow! Hey!”

“Sorry,” he says, not sounding particularly sincere. “Why’re you…I thought you guys were playing up in Sendai…?”

Tajima hums happily, managing to turn Izumi back to the table and slip his arms around his waist. “Tomo-orow. I mean, I’m s’posed to be packing, but I came to drop this off, and then I got sleepy, so I took a lil’ nap