and honestly, he regrets the words the second they come out of his mouth), but several of the other boys snicker at it. Or perhaps just at Mihashi’s terrified and bewildered expression as he stares up at Abe.

Mihashi shoots to his feet, getting tangled in the chair and nearly pitching onto his face before Abe steadies him. More laughter, and then Mihashi bolts off into the hall. Abe sighs, rights his chair, and then returns to the head of the class to continue.

After classes, still feeling grumpy, Abe stalks down the hallway to the library to return a reference book. He can’t help disinterestedly glancing in rooms as he passes by, which is why he’s brought up short by the sight of a familiar pale spray of hair on the pillow in the nurse’s room.

He pokes his head in, finding the nurse going through inventory sheets. Keeping his voice low, he asks, “Is that Mihashi Ren?”

She glances up, her face glum. “Yes. Tomoda-kun brought him in, half-awake and soaking wet. Said he found him in the bathroom.” She glances over at her charge. “I think he’s just exhausted, to be honest. Before he passed out, I got out of him that he hasn’t slept more than an hour or two for a week.”

Abe sighs in exasperation, looking over at Mihashi's stiff body under the light blanket.

“Something wrong, Abe-kun?”

Abe’s eyes linger on Mihashi a little longer before he glances back at the nurse. “When he wakes up, call me. I need to talk to him.”

“Certainly. Your number’s in the directory, I presume?”

He nods; the nurse turns back to her work. Abe lingers for a beat, feeling as if he should confess his part in Mihashi’s condition, but he holds back. I can fix this.

“Abe-kun, one more thing.” Her voice is low and she doesn’t look up. “When I got Mihashi-kun to change out of his wet shirt, he wouldn’t strip down until I left the room. Then when I was examining him, he wouldn’t let me draw up his shirt, and he flinched away from my touch in some places. And I’ve only been here a year, but this isn’t the first time.” She finally fixes him with a stern look. “I know there’s no point going to anyone with this. They’ll just sweep it under the rug, even more so because having something like this happen to the grandson of the man running the school… All I’ll say is, that kid could really use a friend.”

Abe’s stomach sinks, both at the confirmation of what he’d suspected, and at suddenly being saddled with this responsibility for this strange small bird. But he makes himself nod once more. “I’ll…do my best. Thank you for your hard work.”

He misses the call from the nurse; her message says that she had woken Mihashi up to send him to dinner and told him to phone but suspected he wouldn’t. Abe sighs, pulling his jacket on and kicking into his shoes before setting out into the fall dusk.

He spends a long time scanning the stragglers in the cafeteria but eventually has to acknowledge Mihashi’s not there. So he turns his steps to the dorm building he’d visited last week. His knock is answered by an implacable young man in glasses who informs him Mihashi isn’t here, hasn’t been back to the dorm that he knows of.

Abe sighs, steps dragging on his way back to the staircase. He doesn’t stop when an athletic-looking young man slips through a door in front of him, not until the kid grabs his jacket sleeve. He has large, expressive eyes and the air of someone who laughs a lot, although his current expression is grim.

“Abe-sensei, you’re looking for Mihashi?”

“Yeah. I wanted to check up on him. …Kanou-kun, right?”

Kanou smiles a little. “Mm-hm!” He drops eye-contact for a second in some internal debate, then fixes Abe with another serious look, his voice dropping to a whisper. “When he disappears like this…you’ll probably find him at the old diamond.”

Abe squints at him for a second, then asks, also whispering for some reason, “Baseball diamond?”

Kanou nods tightly. For a breath, he looks like he’ll say something more, but then he just nods once more and steps back through his door.

Abe has to check the school’s map; the field in question has been out of use probably longer than Mihashi has been attending here. He’s starting to suspect some dubiously funny prank as he squelches up to the gate.

But sure enough, hunched dismally in one of the dugouts and kicking the ground, is Mihashi.

Abe debates calling out to