enter weird names for people! And don’t just decide the teams!”



“Aww…! Wait, the teams are set, too?”



“Tajima-kun, what’s ‘cooles’?”



“Cool

est!!

 Weren’t enough characters. We still have to put your name in, we should make it something cool, too…”



“I’m…I don’t need a…i-if it’s me, it won’t be…” Mihashi waves his hands in front of himself.



Abe huffs out an irritated noise, elbowing aside Hanai (who’s still trying to find a way to edit the names), and types ‘ACE’ in the fourth space. From the corner of his eye, he can see Tajima grab Mihashi’s head and tip it up so he can see, and Abe smirks at Mihashi’s little cry of happiness. And then makes a startled noise when Mihashi hugs him, squashing his arms against his sides. Glancing around, embarrassed, he shakes an arm free and wraps it around Mihashi’s waist, and then, feeling very bold, quickly kisses his forehead. Mihashi squeaks and wiggles happily (and possibly kisses his shoulder or maybe just mashes his face against it briefly), and then blinks up at him with a shy little smile that makes it worth the embarrassment.



Still, he gives him a quick squeeze, then releases him, turning to Tajima. “Why’d you put us on a team?”



“Didn’t really think of it!” Tajima laughs out with a shrug, then dramatically smacks a hand to his forehead. “Aww, man! We coulda been Clean-Ups vs. Battery!” Hanai seems startled and inordinately pleased by that. “Instead, I guess 

we’re

 Team Have-Actually-Caught-In-Games,” Hanai looks 

less

 pleased about that, and even more irritated when Tajima points at him and Mihashi and finishes, “and Team Blushes-Alla-Time!”



“I do not!” Hanai splutters out, cheeks pink.



“Those...I don’t think those…g-good team names, Tajima-kun,” Mihashi whispers.



“What? No, they’re 

awesome!

”



“How about Team Needs-To-Shut-Up?” Hanai grumbles out.



“Oi, you including 

me

 in that?!” Abe glowers at him, but he can’t keep it up because Tajima is laughing and Hanai is laughing and 

Mihashi’s

 laughing, and so he just laughs too.



Tajima hops over, grabbing Abe’s shoulder and puffing out his chest, announcing, “Team Loudmouths!” at a volume that is unfortunately appropriate to the name; Abe gives him a somewhat pained look. “Aaaaaaand…I stand by Team Blush! It’s cute! Right, Abe? You could be Team Cuties, instead? Hey, is there anywhere to write team names…?”



Hanai rubs his forehead with a sigh. “How about…how about we don’t worry about team names? Can we just play the game, already?” Tajima pulls a pouty face, but then grabs his ball and darts over to the lane, flashing a grin over his shoulder before turning and immediately acquiring a familiar intensely focused air.



He still takes out a sum total of four pins, but seems unfazed, clapping Abe on the back with a grin, then leaning in with an exaggeratedly intense expression to ‘whisper’ “I’m counting on you, captain!”



“Captain,” Abe responds flatly.



Tajima shrugs. “I dunno, sounded cooler than just ‘Abe’! And I’m crap at bowling, so it’s no good for me to be captain, 

obviously

.”



“Wow. I’m so happy we’re on a team together. 

Thanks

, Tajima.” Abe shakes his head, rolling his eyes as he walks to the head of the lane. And neatly takes out six pins with one throw, and two with the next, to much cheering and clapping from Mihashi and Tajima and a simple ‘nice’ from Hanai. Abe sits down next to Mihashi on the worn semicircle of bench seats, smiling a little smugly at his admiring look, then scooting a little closer so their shoulders press together; Mihashi leans against him with a sigh and a wiggle.



“Consulting with the enemy!” Tajima cries indignantly, scaring the crap out of him, pointing at them.



Hanai picks up his ball, squinting at him disapprovingly. “Would you pipe down? You mean ‘consorting’, anyway.”



“Sure!” Tajima grins back uncaringly, then jeers enthusiastically when Hanai steps up to the lane.



“Shut 

up

, Tajima!” he grumbles, not turning, and Abe smirks, because Hanai’s shoulders are set rigidly in the way that almost guarantees he’s about to fail spectacularly.



But then he takes a deep breath, shakes his shoulders loose, and steps forward with practiced ease, sending the ball shooting down the lane in an elegant curve that takes out nine pins.



Tajima jumps up from his seat. “Whoa!!”



“H-Hanai-kun is a-amazing!”