if he chooses to go into the sciences or 

does

 he want to go into the sciences or do something more practical or… Abe Takaya is not particularly accustomed to lacking a firm direction, and finds the experience unpleasant enough that he decides to go into business and focus on finding a school with a good team.



Which is how he ends up staring across a chain-link fence at that muscle-headed bastard and his cocky grin and wanting to punch him in his beautifully white teeth just as much as he had four years ago and every time he’d seen him since then. Haruna, for his part, seems delighted to see him, is confusingly genuine-sounding when he says he hopes Takaya gets in there, and he’d better not have gone soft, because his fastballs are better than ever and he’s really getting more control now, does he wanna come see? Abe does, and he 

is

 impressed, not that he lets on, impressed enough that he exchanges numbers with Haruna after and doesn’t immediately go home and tear up his application for that school as he’d been inclined to when he first clapped eyes on Haruna.



But he doesn’t end up going there. When he texts Haruna to let him know, Haruna suggests they hang out anyway, celebrate the university he 

did

 get into. Abe’s perplexed, but says yes. He finds himself in Haruna’s dorm room. They watch a movie and eat microwave popcorn lying on their stomachs beside each other, close enough that their arms, their hips nudge against each other. It’s fun, and Haruna’s different from how he was back then, but the old hurt still lurks under the surface, and Abe cries on the bike ride home, glad that darkness hides what the wind doesn’t whip away into the night.



He’s no coward, though, and then next time Haruna asks him to hang out, he resolves to confront him about it.



It’s ideal, it’s on a long weekend and Haruna’s roommate has gone home, so it’ll be minimally awkward and maybe, just 

maybe

 he can get some of the answers he wants.



But he doesn’t, he just ends up looming over Haruna where he sits on his bed with his arms crossed over his chest, feeling like a petulant child screaming at an adult for all that he’s several centimeters taller than Haruna and speaking in a dangerously level voice.



Haruna just seems confused, says he though Takaya had got over all that bullshit and was ready to be friends again.



“Friends? We were 
never
 fucking 

friends

, you thick clod. I was a fucking target to you, nothing more.”



“Hey, that’s 

not

 fair! And anyway, I was going through a lot of shit at the time, and—”



“Like that fucking excuses it? I 

looked up

 to you! I fucking 

worshiped

 you, and I stood through it all, through the bruising and the ridicule and 

all

 your self-important bullshit, because—”



He stops then, blinking at Haruna, who scowls back at him, large, expressive eyes narrowed and the mouth that usually traces such a pleasing, obnoxious curve pressed into an ugly line.



“Fuck.” Abe stands up straight, steps away, scrubbing his hands back through his hair, his stomach somehow simultaneously dropping and filling with tingling delight, walks over to look, unseeing, out the window.



Haruna stands, closes the distance between them, reaches for his arm, starting, “Look, I’m 

sorry

, if you—”



“Don't. Don’t…

touch

 me.” Abe finds himself staring at the hand still on his arm, in firm defiance of his demand, stares at the (

oh fuck, gorgeous

) boy in front of him, and then, as though his body belonged to somebody else, somebody who knew better than he did what he wanted, what he’d been aching for for such a long time, shifts to grab Haruna’s arms, propelling him back against the wall beside the window and crushing their lips together.



It’s 

nothing

 like it was with Shinooka, it makes it look like a pale, distant moon in comparison to the heat and crushing fury of his desire. Haruna struggles out of his grip and grabs his ass, pulling him tight against his body, and it just feels 

right

, he feels pulled to touch in a way that he never did with her, feels a need to see Haruna’s body naked, but is helpless to do anything more than kiss, kiss, and kiss some more. His lips splits open on someone’s teeth, and they both taste copper-thick-red and Haruna laughs and cups his cheek and kisses his lip tenderly and then bites it and so Abe pulls his hair and it just makes Haruna laugh all the more except that it turns into a moan, his hips jerking and Abe can feel his hard-on through his pants and it awakens in him fresh fire, even more desperate need than he had thought possible.



He’s