s been extra grumpy around lately.

Perplexed, and worried he might've misled Mihashi, Mizutani finds himself spying on them, now.

Grumpy is...perhaps not quite the right word, more that Abe seems…tense around Mihashi in a way that he didn't used to, for all that they’re both so obviously champing at the bit to be a battery again. He doesn't get rough with him like he used to, but…he doesn't touch him nicely that often, either. And when he does, sometimes he'll shoot a guilty look at the rest of the boys and jerk away. If Mihashi steps towards him, he steps back, interposing benches and walls and papers between them whenever possible. And although before, he seemed to do nothing but monitor Mihashi’s every move, now, if they’re not actually talking, Abe seems to pointedly ignore him.

And Mizutani can see that Mihashi’s noticed too, can see it in the set of his narrow shoulders as he watches Abe from the bullpen with Tajima, in the hopeful look on his face when Abe comes closer only to fall into misery when Abe’s eyes slide off him, when he says something perfunctory and moves on.

It's all very strange, a bit beyond Mizutani's capacity to puzzle out. But really, as much as he doesn’t like seeing Mihashi sad, it’s none of his business. The other boys in class nine have probably got it covered anyways. So he goes back to deliciously lamenting his own situation.

When he examines the facts, Abe doesn't exactly show conclusive signs of having a crush on Shinooka, but at the same time he doesn't not, and he doesn't particularly seem interested in any other girls. And Mizutani’s certain Shinooka’s the cleverest and prettiest and sweetest and just generally most awesome girl ever, so why wouldn’t Abe have a crush on her? Besides, she’s into baseball, and Mizutani’s pretty confident that that’s probably the number one requirement on Abe’s list. Followed by, apparently, ‘nice skin’, which Shinooka also has.

The imminent couple-hood of Abe Takaya and Shinooka Chiyo seems a foregone conclusion. Mizutani has horrifying visions of attending their wedding. Except then he gets distracted thinking about whether Shinooka would look cuter in a traditional wedding kimono or a Western-style gown and gets all flustered. Then imagines a bunch of yakuza busting into the (garden? church? local community centre?) because Abe had turned to a Life of Crime to pay for the lavish wedding. But—the horror!—he’d gotten on the Wrong Side of the boss and now—BANG!—shot dead! And everyone yelling and Shinooka sobbing (but beautifully), but then Mizutani (who would, of course, somehow have a gun, probably due to being an undercover cop or something cool like that) protecting her in a particularly dashing way and Shinooka clinging to his side (now she has a gun, too) in an artistically torn wedding gown as they shoot their way out and then zoom off in a sleek sports car.

So perhaps it wouldn’t completely be the end of the world if they were getting married.

Mizutani shakes his head to clear it of such images as he squeezes out toothpaste onto his toothbrush. He looks back up to try out his best “cool undercover cop” face in the mirror. It just looks like his regular old goofy face, unfortunately; Mizutani prods his cheek disconsolately, then starts brushing his teeth. I bet ABE could look cool as a cop. Probably have a neat rugged scar, too. Really, he can’t feel surprised Shinooka would go for a guy like that; for all that he’s abrasive and bossy, Abe’s a good guy, he’s cool and smart, and, Mizutani supposes, pretty handsome. Can’t be helped, I guess. I’m gonna lose to a guy like that with ANY girl. Even MIHASHI’S practically in lo—

Mizutani stops with his toothbrush poking into his cheek, then slowly pulls it out, staring back at himself in the mirror, soapily murmuring, “No way.”

 

The second he’s watching for it, he’s pretty much certain he’s right. Mihashi’s tells aren’t quite the same as Shinooka’s or Mizutani's own, but they’re similar enough. And they seem so incredibly obvious that Mizutani’s left peering around wondering how nobody else notices the way Mihashi’s eyes follow Abe. How he flushes and fusses and chirps for more, more, more of Abe’s attention, especially now it’s so scarce. How he startles when Abe does touch him in a way that makes Mizutani think sympathetically of the brush of Shinooka’s fingers over his own.

He spends half a morning feeling even more envious of Abe, glaring sullenly at the back of his head in class, until the potential of the situation hits him. Mizutani’s left