body continues to fascinate him, though, especially now that he has words like 

please 

and 

more 

and 

touch 

, and then eventually the word 

cuddle 

. He loves to float with his head in Yuu's lap, arms wound around his or up behind his back to grasp his shoulders, watching him admiringly as they talk and learning the word 

upside-down. 

Lies curled in the circle of his folded legs, tracing the different shapes his knees make when they’re bent like this, or facing in and sliding his hands up Yuu’s stomach to the arc of his ribs, head pillowed on his thighs, and always, always hyper-conscious of that mysterious sensitive part that sometimes becomes stiff when he shifts and wriggles in Yuu’s lap, sometimes leaves Yuu blushing and sometimes steadfastly continuing to talk and others, suggesting they change position or suddenly retreating to the safety of shore and home. And if sometimes, he shifts and wriggles like that on purpose, if sometimes, Yuu ‘forgets’ and brushes his hands shivery-gentle over his lateral lines, leaving him biting his lip to hold back a gasp, neither of them finds the words to say.



They swim, too, out into the middle of the river. Yuu is strong enough to swim with the current, and Ren loves to dip beneath the surface and watch the alien way he moves, kicking his legs and thrashing his arms in a way that seems like it shouldn’t get him anywhere but does. But his favourite is the way back, when Yuu has to cling tight to his shoulders as he swims (that new term, 

upside-down 

, so Yuu’s head stays above the surface), knees clamped tight against his sides. It makes it hard to breathe, but it’s only for a little while because he is

 fast 

and 

amazing 

and makes Yuu laugh and cry out with delight as he feels the water rush past them.



But sometimes they’re out too far, and Ren slows to a leisurely speed, slow enough for Yuu to sit up and let him catch his breath, though how he could breathe with his beautiful boy so close, lit by the glimmer of stars and distant streetlamps and shining with water and exhilaration, leaning with his hands on Ren's chest to watch the working of his gills, and close, so close, and so warm, and Ren always pretends he’s not so quick to recover so that he can enjoy it a little bit longer.



And on the best days, even once they get back to shore, Yuu stays there, curling his arms around Ren’s shoulders and resting his head on his chest as he flicks his tail lazily to keep them in place, both of them half-asleep on him as Ren idly traces his back.



He sings to him, then, sings things he half-hopes Yuu doesn’t understand, half-hopes he does, things that, regardless, leave him blushing and shy when Yuu finally looks up, blinking at him sleepily and then nuzzling his chest and lying back down, twining his fingers in his hair and murmuring his own incomprehensible poetry into the stillness of the night.







cmon man did u think id miss updating this during mermay


Cold steals over the Arakawa river slowly, coming first at night and slowly spreading its chill fingers into the day, leaving the grass at the river’s edge alone but tracing the green farther inland with white until the morning sun kisses it away.



There comes a night when Tajima won’t get in the water with him, and Ren twists his tail in unhappy knots, biting his lip, but understands. The river is too cold for him as well, urging him downstream and out into the ocean to follow the birds to where summer reigns eternal. But he doesn’t mention such things to Tajima, doesn’t give in to the ache in his heart for home and surf, because his boy comes to see him more now. Earlier too, bundled up with new words to teach him like 

hoodie, cap, gloves, jacket

.



If his boy can’t come into the river, Ren will learn to pull himself on shore. Far clumsier than Tajima is in the water, embarrassingly graceless, but he’s determined. They have to find a new place to meet, not too muddy, not too rocky, somewhere smooth pebbles give way to slippery grass. Somewhere with shelter enough from the streets above to hide the two of them as Ren twines his tail around Tajima’s legs and listens to him talk about 

off-season

 and classmates, and marvel at how much he understands and how much he still does not.



It’s colder, though, out where the wind dries his skin, steals the heat even from his boy’s exposed skin. Leaves Ren sneaking his fingers in under 

jacket, shirt

 to the warmth of his stomach, making Tajima squawk a protest. But he lets him stay like that, though he looks down at Ren thoughtfully.



Not the next time he comes, but the time after that, Tajima brings him 

gift, sweater, hoodie

, pulls the pale lump