was much of a test, just some boring questions and talking.





“I don’t know!” Scott began crying in earnest, and Stiles rushed forward to hug him.





“It’s okay,” he said. “My dad won’t be home for a while, but we can go get your mom.”





Scott continued sniffling all the way back to his house, where they waited in the living room for Scott’s mom to come home from work. As soon as she came through the front door, she frowned.





“Scott? What’s wrong?”





Scott tried to speak through his crying, but couldn’t make himself understood.





“The Jedi said they needed to talk to you,” Stiles said. “But Scott didn’t do anything wrong, their tests were dumb.”





Scott’s mom looked lost for a long moment, and then her eyes widened with the same fear Stiles saw in Scott’s. It terrified him.





“What–” Melissa began, but then got cut off by a series of pounding knocks at the door she had closed moments ago. Scott and Stiles jumped in surprise, and before they knew what was happening, Melissa was herding them into the coat closet.





“Shh,” she whispered. “Shh, I want you to stay in here. Don’t move.”





When she closed the door, they were left in darkness. Stiles clutched Scott, as much for his own comfort as for Scott’s. They could hear the voices of the Jedi and Melissa as they moved from the front door to the couch that Stiles and Scott had been sitting on moments ago.





Stiles didn’t understand what they were saying– words jumped out at him like “gifted” and “training,” and he heard Melissa’s voice becoming increasingly angry. They argued for a long time, but Stiles remained frozen, holding onto Scott tight for fear that they would somehow hear if he moved an inch.





“I want you to remain calm,” a man finally said, and the power in his voice made Stiles nearly sit down with the force of it. “I’m going to take Scott out of that closet over there and then take him to his new home.”





Stiles would never understand how Melissa did it, how she somehow overcame the imperative in that voice, but there was suddenly a loud blasting noise and a thump.





“Say that again and I’ll shoot to kill,” Melissa said, her voice colder than Stiles had ever heard it before.





What were clearly the sounds of a fight broke out in the next moment. Scott, who had been trembling in Stiles’ arms over the course of the argument, suddenly took a step forward and out of them, opened the door, and leaped out of the closet before Stiles could stop him.





Stiles rushed after him and watched in astonishment as Scott began hitting at every inch he could of one of the Jedi who was standing over a now-unconscious Melissa.





“Don’t hurt her!” Scott yelled, his face still streaming with tears.





The man turned in surprise, grunting with sudden pain as Scott kicked him in the knee. A woman who had Melissa’s blaster in her hand dropped it lightly onto a table.





The man who Scott was attacking suddenly swept him into his arms. Scott kept kicking and hitting even as the man and his companions turned toward the front door.





In that moment, Stiles came out of whatever shock he was in and ran forward, chasing after the man and screaming in protest. He nearly caught up with them, reaching a hand forward to try and grab Scott out of the Jedi’s arms, when he felt his body freeze in motion.





The other Jedi all ignored him, except for the woman who had taken Melissa’s blaster. She knelt down in front of Stiles, who stood unmoving even as the Jedi took Scott further and further from his home.





The woman waved a hand, and Stiles could move his body again. He made to run past her, but she looked him in the eyes and very calmly told him to stay where he was.





Stiles stayed there for hours and hours, long after the Jedi were out of sight and the sounds of Scott’s screams were no longer audible. He stayed there until Melissa ran out of the house, a large bruise and the most angry, anguished expression that Stiles would ever see on her face. Helpless, he could do nothing but watch as Scott got taken away.



 

 


Scott comes back to consciousness with the most splitting headache he’s ever had in his life, and with the dawning realization that he’s locked in a cell.


He groans from the pain, bringing hands to his face to try and block what little light is present in the cell. Memories begin to come back to him slowly, and he eventually gets to how he got here– sending Stiles away to escape, trying to fight the Imperial guards but knowing that he was too outnumbered to do so.

It takes the smallest of movements on his part for Scott to realize that something besides his head is injured.