look of concentration on his face, is the guy who must have gotten Sally’s attention. He’s completely her type, too, with the soft Bambi eyes and expressive, quirking lips.

“And a beanie, Sally, really?” Aidan can’t help but raise an eyebrow and glance back at her. She huffs.

“He’s a sensitive soul, and that’s not the point. Look behind him.”

Aidan follows her instructions and finally notices the entrance to the kitchen, behind and to the left of Beanie Guy. Sure enough, there’s Nora Sergeant, her hair pulled back in a loose ponytail and her mouth turned down in a frown as she pulls a tray of pastries out of an oven.

Sally has turned in her seat to follow Aidan’s gaze. “She’s like the worst cook in the world, but she needs the extra cash because she’s saving for a trip to Maui after graduation.”

Aidan tears his eyes away from the vision of Nora currently wiping sweat from the back of her neck. “Wait a minute, how do you know all this?”

Sally gives him an innocent look. “I didn’t tell you? She’s bi too, we’re in Spectrum together.” Suddenly her eyes go hazy like they used to whenever she talked about Zoe’s hilarious dry humor or what Zoe thought of the movie they saw last night. “And sometimes Josh comes to the meetings and he brings these adorable little cupcakes that he bakes that are little asexual flags because he just recently came out. He’s always talking about how he's realized that all he wants from a romantic partner is cuddling and hand-holding. And I just sit there trying not to scream the whole time because I want to cuddle him and hold his hand, me, right here, I volunteer as tribute.”

At this, Aidan can no longer contain himself and snorts loudly. Sally slaps his arm. 

“Aidan, you’ve got to help me, please be my wingman.” With this she clasps her hands together and widens her eyes.

Aidan runs a hand down his face and sighs. “What do you need me to do?”

Sally does a little dance in her seat. “Okay, go over there and talk me up. Just be like-" Sally puts on a terrible impersonation of Aidan's voice- "‘Man, my BFF Sally is the shit, like she’s so smart and funny.’ And drop in there that my favorite band is One Direction and that I definitely didn’t steal his iPod to find out what his favorite band is. And also that I think it’s really cute that even though he dresses like a hipster he’s not like one of those vaguely misogynistic hipster dudes who pretends to hate One Direction. Got it?”

Aidan pulls himself out of his seat. “You owe me.”

“I know, I know.” She watches him stand, grinning brightly, and claps her hands a little bit. “Th-ank you, Ai-dan.”

Aidan snorts again and makes his way to the front of the store. It’s cleared out a little bit now that the 10:30 crowd has left for their classes, and Josh is wetting a towel to wipe the counter off. He looks up once Aidan comes to an awkward stop in front of him. 

“Hey. What can I get for you?”

Aidan glances behind him at Sally, still sitting at their table. She’s openly staring at them, and shoos his gaze away quickly with a few waves of her hands. Aidan sighs and turns back.

“Hey, man. Do you know my friend Sally? Sitting back there?”

Josh looks over Aidan’s shoulder for a second. “Yeah, Nora’s friend from Spectrum.”

“Yeah,” Aidan says. A long, uncomfortable pause ensues. This is ridiculous. Trying to convince himself that he isn’t in a bad teenage rom-com clearly isn’t working. Might as well lean into it. “Listen, Josh. Sally... likes you. She likes that you bake cute cupcakes and that you like One Direction and she wants to cuddle with you and hold your hand and the whole works. But she’s got kind of low self-esteem and thinks that she needs me to wingman for her and talk her up. Which I’m pretty terrible at doing, and if you don’t already know how great she is then you probably don’t deserve to date her. No offense. So. There it is.”

Josh is wide-eyed. The towel he’s clutching has started to drip a large puddle of soapy water onto the counter. He’s staring at Sally over Aidan’s shoulder.

“Are you kidding?” Josh finally asks, tearing his gaze away from her and back to Aidan. Aidan feels his stomach drop. It had been a gamble to do it this way, and if he’s just been single handedly responsible for ruining Sally’s chances with this guy