at any minute.

“Do you think the lighting’s okay?” Scott asks absently as he continues to fiddle.

“It’s fine, Scott,” Noshiko assures. She and Ken are sitting on one side of Melissa.

At that moment, the call goes through and Kira drops the diapers and bottle onto the kitchen counter, rushing back into the living room to see everyone on the screen. Stiles, Malia, and Liam are all crammed onto Stiles’ couch, and hovering behind them are Derek and Braeden.

(Lydia is traveling abroad at the moment and can’t be reached by phone. She’s already sent them an exorbitantly expensive first edition of The Little Mermaid with an accompanying note: “Yes, I know this won’t be age or reading-level appropriate for several years. No, I don’t care. Hugs and kisses from Auntie Lydia.”)

As soon as the video comes through, Stiles yelps.

“Finally! Scotty, you know I miss your beautiful face, but where is she?”

Melissa laughs and scoots into the frame, bringing Allison with her. Scott lifts the laptop to bring it closer, hovering over them so that Allison’s face comes into view.

The next few moments are chaotic. Everyone’s voices come through the laptop in a cacophony.

“Oh, she’s beautiful!”

“Move the screen down a little-”

“How was the delivery?”

“Look at that precious little face.”

This last comment comes from Derek, and causes everyone on both sides of the call to fall silent and stare at him in incredulity.

“What?” he snaps.

“Um,” Scott says, trying to balance the laptop at the perfect angle. “The delivery was- Kira?” He looks to her for help.

“It was fine,” she says, grinning and shuffling over to wave a hand in front of the frame. “You were right, Braeden, that doctor really has seen it all. She didn’t blink an eye when Scott panicked and started shifting.”

Scott turns the laptop towards himself to make a faux-indignant face.

Malia chimes in at that. “So can you tell what she is yet?”

“No,” Scott says easily. “We’re not too worried about it.”

Half an hour later, Allison has finally had enough of the loud talking and begins to wail. Kira says her goodbyes, blowing a kiss at the screen that Liam jokingly catches. Then she scoops Allison up from Melissa’s arms and takes her to the back.

Kira leaves the bedroom light off and closes the door behind her, bouncing Allison lightly and making occasional hushing noises as Allison continues to cry. When she finally peters off and begins to fall asleep against Kira’s shoulder, Scott silently enters and whispers, “My mom fell asleep on the couch, she’s still jetlagged. Your parents went back to their place.” Kira nods and smiles, continuing her slight bouncing motion as she slowly lies down on the bed and rests Allison on her stomach. 

The first few months are exhausting. Kira knew that they would be, but knowing it intellectually and experiencing it are two completely different things.

They get better at this whole parenting thing as time goes on, but that doesn’t change the fact that Kira is so sleep-deprived she’ll sometimes find herself nodding off while standing up, or that Scott’s sensitive hearing is so affected by Allison’s crying he’s taken to wearing earmuffs around the house.

It’s worth it, though. It’s worth it when Allison makes her first smile, grinning up at them through her mobile. It’s worth it when Kira rocks her to sleep. It’s worth it when Scott puts Stiles on speakerphone and Allison listens to him ramble on about anything and everything, wide-eyed and enraptured by the ceaseless sound of his voice.

On a Thursday afternoon Kira gets home from work, feeling tired but happy with the amount of writing she got done today. Scott’s asleep on the couch and cradling Allison, who’s wide awake and listening to the sound of Stiles’ voice, echoing slightly through the phone’s speaker.

“And that’s how, once again, your Uncle Stiles saved the day.”

Kira smiles, dropping her bag onto the living room floor.

“Well, Ally, I haven’t heard you or Scott in a while, so I’m thinking you’re both asleep and I should probably hang up. But, uh. I love you, kiddo.”

A click is heard. Allison promptly begins crying. 

“Oh honey, we really need to buy some books on tape, huh?” Kira murmurs, lifting Allison out of Scott’s arms before he’s woken up properly. “It’s okay, I’ve got her.” 

Allison is finally asleep a few hours later. Kira lays her down in the crib and switches on the night light. She wanders back into the living room, where Scott is still collapsed on the couch. Kira lifts his head and sits down,