this is the tightest match we’ve seen in years!”

Malia finds herself glancing up to Kira. She’s still circling the pitch, a fair distance from where the Gryffindor Seeker is doing the same. Kira seems to feel Malia’s gaze and looks down at her. Malia gives her a short nod, but Kira beams in response and slows her broom marginally.

Liam must notice, because he laughs and chides, “Save it for the after party, Tate.” Malia feels her face heat up again and is grateful that they’re out of Kira’s earshot. Before she can muster up a response, though, she sees something moving fast at Kira.

In that moment, Stiles starts shouting in excitement over the Gryffindor Seeker taking a sudden dive for the Snitch, and Malia registers the faint whistle of the Bludgers, one of which is flying at Liam, and one of which…

Malia doesn’t think about what she’s doing. She flattens to her broom, shoots toward Kira, bodily shoves her out of the way, and blocks the Bludger that was a meter from colliding with the back of Kira’s head.

Malia swings so hard at the ball that she imagines she can hear her bat crack under the pressure. The Bludger is sent flying backwards, and over the adrenaline-riddled blood that’s pounding in Malia’s veins, she can hear Stiles roaring, “That’s it, that’s the game! Gryffindor takes the Snitch and wins 240 to 90!”

“Malia?”

This comes from a much different, and much closer voice. Malia stares down in disbelief at the rest of the players below her, and turns unthinkingly to where Kira is staring at her with wide eyes and a slack jaw.

“I—”

“What the hell was that?” Braeden calls, looking like she’s torn between victory-fueled euphoria and incandescent rage. Malia shrugs helplessly. If she had had enough time to process what just happened, she would have hoped that her own actions would get lost among the furor surrounding the Snitch. Clearly that won’t be the case.

“Some dissent among the Gryffindor ranks as the Captain scolds Beater Malia Tate for an unprecedented move in the history of Hogwarts Quidditch,” Stiles crows. “For those of you who missed it, Tate just defended Hufflepuff’s Kira Yukimura from a Bludger, choosing a member of the opposing team over her own Keeper.”

Malia winces as Stiles’ words start to register among the spectators. The Hufflepuff crowd looks shocked, where the Gryffindor supporters seem to be debating how angry they should get, given that they still won the game.

Stiles’ words make Malia glance at Liam, who thankfully seems to have dodged his own Bludger. He waves her off easily.

“Let this be a lesson to us all in inter-House cooperation,” Stiles says in a mock-professor tone. He shoots a mischievous look in Malia’s direction. “Or in how to—”

Thankfully, Deaton chooses this moment to cut Stiles off, firmly taking the wand from his throat and shooing him off of the announcer’s platform.

Malia can feel Kira’s gaze, but can’t bring herself to return it. She flies to the ground quickly, ignoring everything that’s going on around her. The sound of the other players landing, clapping each other on the back in celebration or commiseration, and the background noise made by all of the spectators leaving their seats and talking loudly barely register to Malia. She’s only concerned with getting away.

“Malia, wait!” Kira calls, but Malia is already trudging to the Gryffindor locker room.

She ignores the odd looks that the rest of the team gives her, and the sympathetic shoulder pat from Allison as well. She just wants to shower and get out of here before—

“Tate. A word?”

Malia follows Braeden to the other side of the room, resigned at this point to Braeden’s understandable fury. The rest of the team diligently pretend not to be listening. Braeden sighs and shoves her hands in her pockets.

“I’m not going to lecture you.” Malia looks up from where she’d been staring at Braeden’s shoes. “You’re one of the best Beaters we’ve ever had, never mind that we won the game anyway.”

“I thought you were going to be angry.”

Braeden shrugs. “I was. You know Dunbar is shit at dodging Bludgers. Or he used to be, I guess.”

Out of the corner of her eye, Malia sees Liam straighten up with pride.

“The point is, I was angry for a minute.” Braeden gives Malia a thoughtful look. “Then I was impressed. It took talent and guts to look after Yukimura like that.” Malia feels herself start to smile. “Don’t let it go to your head.”

Braeden claps her shoulder and walks past her to the showers. While it makes Malia feel a bit better, the nervous pit in her stomach hasn’t fully abated. She isn’t sure what’s going to happen