just found his own in a pretty unusual way.

If he had to be completely honest, Feliciano Vargas had become quite fond of the routine, enough to nurture some expectations, like having his uniforms cleaned and ironed day by day, something edible at hand, and – ugh – someone to wait for him.

That's why, when he came home at 4 AM, one morning, to notice that all the lights were switched off and there was nothing ready in the fridge, microwave, or on the table, his first reaction was sheer irritation.

That is, until he noticed that there were signs of vomit in the kitchen sink – then, irritation became proper rage. 

Dumbass!

Had he attempted to kill himself? At his place?

Granted, he had never made it a mystery that he had enough shit in his cabinet to put out an elephant, but had Gilbert really...?

Dumbass, and moron!

Pissed beyond salvation, the brunette switched on all the lights.

“Gilbert!” he yelled in his most stern tone “What the Hell did you do? Gilbert!”

As no one replied, just the slightest hue of fear mingled with his blind anger.

Then, he found him. 

The albino was on the bathroom's floor, jerking uncontrollably. 

Fantastic!
A tonic-clonic seizure!

What the fuck had he ingested?

Oh, shit!
Not after a 12-hour-long shift, he had had enough for the day of suicidal folks, accidents, and whatnot.

He was so gonna pay for being so stupid.

Fortunately, soon enough his medical self kicked in, silencing the rest of his brain.

He grabbed some injectable Valium – thanks God for leftovers from his own previous, unsuccessful treatments, indeed, 'cause there was no way he could give him pills – and loaded the albino with enough medication to stop the damn seizure, as another portion of his consciousness scanned the room for empty bottles of drugs.

Nothing.
Not even some Tylenol.

Even in his cabinet, everything was right where he had left it.

What the...?
Did he have epilepsy? And he didn't even wear a Med-Alert bracelet?

Just how moronic could he possibly...! 

Suddenly, Gilbert's voice halted his thoughts.

“... what the fuck...?” he murmured, confused, but quite healthy-looking, at least to be someone who had just had a bout of grand mal “Oh, fuck...!”

As quickly as it had taken over, Doctor Vargas' hegemony subsided, leaving behind only a very angry Feliciano.

“Oh, good! Other than being dumb and suicidal, you even have epilepsy?” 

“I don't...!”

“Where the Hell is your med alert bracelet, huh?” 

“I-”

“Ah, never mind! You need to go to ER, right now. Have you had other seizures, today?” 

“No, and-”

“Did you throw up, too? Do you have an headache, nausea? Blurred vision?”

“Not not, but listen, I-”

“You're the dumbest being I know! You could have died right here, if I hadn't come home, and if I hadn't had some injectable Valium left! And this is why I hate people like you! You always act irresponsibly, messing up with someone else's life! Dumbass! Jerk! You-”

Swiftly, two arms encircled his waist, pulling him close into a tight hug.

“Stop it.” a voice echoed, hushed “Stop crying for me. Seriously. It's not worth the effort.”

Feliciano Vargas' heart skipped a beat, as his nerves registered the sensation of wet tears running down his cheeks.

 

******

That morning, the shame had been so prominent he had decided not to drag the dumbass to the hospital, making him promise he wouldn't bring up what happened ever again.

He still did steal some Diastat from the Chicago General's supplies, but it was for own peace of mind as a doctor – he couldn't allow someone to die in his house, from a known, mostly treatable condition. 

He had a reputation to hold up to, somehow.

But, as much as he didn't want to think about the damn tonic-clonic episode (mostly to avoid the consequent and  inescapable memory of him not even noticing he had started crying like a little girl), this time he was out of luck.

Gilbert Weilschmidt had started to appear sicker and sicker.

Frequent headaches, bouts of nausea and vomit, and the constant feeling that he really wasn't quite like himself anymore – at least, for what Feliciano could know about him, of course.

But he seemed forgetful, absent, imprecise, grumpy.

He had no energy left for sex.

There.
He was forced to act like the mature one again, and bring the idiot to get checked – some blood-tests, and a full physical were the first things that came into Doctor Vargas' mind, but a talk with a neuro didn't seem that bad either.

Maybe he didn't know he had epilepsy? Maybe he had had some milder