...!”

 

“Oh, I so would. And I will.”

 

Kimishita bowed down, taking the red-head's member into his mouth in one fell swoop.

His mate gasped, his body contorted in the effort to simultaneously meet and avoid the pleasure radiating from his groin.

 

It was just a mere moment, though.

 

“Y-You're still the one sucking cock...!” Ooshiba retorted as soon as he managed to steady his mind enough to speak “Ah-ha!”

 

Kimishita's smug smile only widened.

He locked his eyes with Ooshiba's, his head movements slowing down but never coming to a halt.

Then, very calmly, he raised a finger, making sure the stupid red-head could see it well, before making the whole hand disappear between Ooshiba's legs.

 

The forward gasped, badly.

 

“O-Ohi!” he hurriedly protested “Y-You moron...! You don't really want to...?!”

 

Ooshiba's unspoken answer became obvious when he felt a fingertip smearing a trail of saliva and fluids from the base of his penis all the way down to his hole.

 

“K-Kimishita...! D-Don't...!”

 

It was a lot less painful than he had envisioned.

The finger slid in smoothly and gently, making the red-head briefly wonder if he had been mistaken in insisting to always top – before his pride regained leadership and mentally smacked him, of course.

 

Kimishita pulled back, panting slightly.

 

“I might be the one sucking cock, but you have a finger up your ass and you should see the expression on your face.” 

 

The midfielder's eyes sparkled for a moment, in a way that couldn't mean anything good.

 

“Wait, rather, let me...”

 

He trailed off, his unoccupied roaming the nightstand until it found his half-destroyed iPhone.

 

“Don't you dare taking a picture of me!”

 

Kimishita Atsushi's face produced the most falsely angelical expression ever.

 

“Ooooh? But why not? It could be a good way to keep yourself from saying bullshit in the future, don't you think?”

 

Ooshiba Kiichi tried to reply, but the stupid brunet started moving his finger in and out, still holding onto his phone in a threatening manner.

 

“S-Shut the fuck up!”

 

“I was shutting the fuck up, by sucking your dick, but you just had to complain about that too, you imbecile moron...” 

 

Ooshiba blushed – or at least, he became even redder than he already was, although the reason could very well have been Kimishita slowly trying to work a second finger inside.

 

The red-head went silent.

Kimishita stopped moving.

 

“... what's wrong...?” he inquired, but weirdly, there was no trace of mockery, this time.

 

He even went as far as discarding again his phone, with a gentleness that immediately explained why the poor thing was kept together by clear tape.

 

Ooshiba opened his mouth, floundering briefly before whispering a half-mumbled “Never mind.”

 

The midfielder sighed, shaking his head.

 

“It's your first time.” he said and it wasn't a question – it was a statement. 

 

A statement that elicited utter outrage from his mate, apparently.

 

“I-It's not true!” he proudly declared “I have had multiple girlfriends. And I fucked you too, is age making you forgetful or your eyesight is so bad you didn't recognize me the last 25 times or so we have fucked?! Or-ah!”

 

Shaking his head, Kimishita curled his finger with the sole intention of making him shut up.

And succeeding.

 

“I mean that it's your first time taking anything up your stupid ass, you brainless dimwit. I was sure you had at least... tried. On your own, or something.” 

 

“O-Of course not! I'm not a perv like somebody else I know!”

 

“Which just goes to show I was right.”

 

Ooshiba tried to speak once more, but he was evidently – and obviously – at a loss.

 

Bingo.

 

Kimishita took another deep breath.

“As much as I hate to say it, stupid Kiichi, I won't hurt you.” he started out, doing his best not to chuckle as he saw blatant relief spreading over Ooshiba's face “If you don't like it, speak up and I'll stop. If you like it, but are scared-”

 

“I-I'm not fucking scared!”

 

He curled his finger again.


“

A-Ah

!”


 

“I wasn't done speaking. It's rude to interrupt people, you uneducated dumbass.” he cleared his throat ostentatiously “So, like I was trying to say before your stupid mouth just felt the urge to interrupt me – if you're just scared, but you like it, we'll take it slowly. I've done this to myself long before ending up with Mr. Let's-have-sex-in-a-hurry, here, so I know a trick or two.”

 

Ooshiba raised a brow.

 

“W