s still gaping lips let out a low growl.



He clenched his fists, tightly. Or, at least, it looked like it from Kimishita's unfavorable position. 


 

“Who made you reopen the shop exactly? It was your idea.”

 

“Because you were drawing unwanted attention, you moron. I work here, I don't want the neighbors to complain.”

 

“YOU were calling me stupid! And if the neighbors complain it's because you're insufferable!”

 

“First of all, you are stupid. Secondly, everybody in the hood loves me, you're out of luck.”

 

“Just shut up for a damn second!”

 


Silence followed.


 


In his shadowy corner, Ooshiba Kiichi trembled. 



He let go of his bag, letting it hit the ground with a thud that seemed to surprise him.


 

“You...” he eventually started out, hissing through gritted teeth “... you were right.”

 


Kimishita forced out a chuckle, choking that weird sense of insecurity that was starting to coil around his stomach.


 

“I always am, you dimwit. So what?”

 


He was expecting some form of retorting. 



Kimishita Atsushi was really just waiting for some sort of mean comment to be blurted out and bring that strange evening back to some semblance of normality, but his anticipation was met by some more silence, barely interrupted by a feeble, almost imperceptible noise he couldn't quite figure out.


 

“... well? You came all the way here just to tell me that I was right to inform that being too eager to just kick every and all balls as hard as you can is not a smart way to play? Seriously? I knew that already, thank you very much. Rather, try and reflect on why you couldn't figure that shit out any sooner.”

 


That faint, weird sound intensified and it was familiar, almost too familiar and irritating, almost as if... 


 


As if Tsukamoto was there?


 


It dawned on him all of a sudden.



Kimishita Atsushi stood up, quickly covering the distance separating him from his club mate.



He grabbed him by the wrist and pulled him out of darkness and under the yellowish halo of the ceiling lamp.


 


Big, round tears were trickling down his cheeks, slowly pooling around his chin only to fall freely all over his shirt. His mouth was pinched in a line, body stiff and limbs shaking in a blatant display of rage.


 


Kimishita gasped.



That was not what he had thought he'd see. 


 


Not at all, not in a million years.



Not on stupid Ooshiba's face.


 


Had that taken him off guard?


 


Yes. 



Definitely.


 


What the holy hell was that idiot crying over?



And why the fuck had he come to his shop for? Just to stand in a dark corner and weep like an infant? And what was he supposed to do with... all that? How on Earth was he supposed to even react?


 

“O-Ohi...?!” he asked, hoping his surprise wouldn't bee too obvious “Are you trying to imitate Tsukamoto in an attempt to make the coach stop swapping you out for him?” 

 

“SHUT UP!”

 


Ooshiba's answer was quicker and louder than he expected.


 

“You don't understand, you stupid Kimishita! You never do! How am I supposed to feel, in your fucking opinion? Weeks spent trying to figure out what the fuck was wrong and then you randomly just fucking open your mouth and boom! Everything makes sense!”

 

“It's not my fault if you lack even such a basic level of critical thinking, reall-”

 

“I told you to shut up! You don't fucking get it! You are not the one who always ends up being swapped out for a complete newbie who can barely run without tripping over his own feet.”

 

“To be fair, at times, he doesn't even manage that-”

 

“SHUT. THE HELL. UP! I'm not fucking done with you! You don't get it and you just …! You call me stupid, you say I lack a 'base level of intelligence', but what if it really was you the one who didn't understand shit, this time, eh, fucking Kimishita?”

 

“You should try and vary your insults, because I think you used 'fucking' at least five times in the last thirty seconds.”

 

“YOU FUCKING MORON!”

 

“And there you go agai-”

 


A moment.



Just a fleeting second that Kimishita could see almost in slow motion.



Ooshiba grabbing him again by the collar, Ooshiba pulling him close enough that he could feel his panting breath on his cheek. Ever so slowly, closer and closer, until he could discern all the stupid and insignificant details of that moron's skin, including a pretty unsightly pimple, until a growl resounded and Kimishita was shoved against a precariously stashed pile of boxes. 


 


Ooshiba grabbed his lips between his teeth, hungrily kissing him as his hands still feverishly pushed him against that unstable tower of cardboard. 


 


A box of shoelaces fell from the top, but Ooshiba didn't let go.


 


Kimishita's eyes closed. 


 


A kiss.



That moron had shown up