Sirius barks joyfully, pressing his bedraggled self close to Remus. Remus hisses when he jostles his injured arm and Sirius pulls back, concern in his doggy eyes.

“No, it’s--it’s all right,” Remus says.

“Like hell it is,” Potter says heatedly. “What do you think you're doing, getting yourself almost killed? I told you I could give you backup if you needed it, you stup--”

Sirius bares his teeth fiercely and growls at Potter, and Potter shuffles back on his knees, his hands up.

Remus says, “Hey. Leave off. It’s all right. No time,” he says to Potter. “Ran into--an old enemy, you could say. Rodolphus Lestrange.”

“Lestrange? That rings a bell…”

“He and his wife and brother were involved in a string of murders of non-magicals up north. I never did manage to catch them--”

“Can’t say I blame you,” Potter says abruptly. “Nasty scenes, if I’m remembering the case reports correctly.” He sits back on his heels, unheeding of his coat trailing in the wet sand of the Thames beach, and looks at Remus with concern. “You never did say why you keep agreeing to work on these cases. Seems more trouble than it’s worth, even for a bloke who can do what you can.”

Remus looks away, trying to seem occupied with cradling his broken arm in a way that relieves the pain. Sirius licks him on the cheek in a supportive kind of way. Remus smiles at him wanly. Potter watches them then shakes his head, probably deciding that the relations of man and dog will forever remain a mystery to him.

“Anyway.” He stands, brushing off his coat cursorily. “That’s enough of that. Let’s get you cleaned up and mended. I’ll need a full report of what went on here once you’re feeling better.”

“Of course.”

DI Potter calls the paramedic over. The lad approaches nervously, eyeing the huge black dog and Remus himself with equal wariness, but finally comes when Potter beckons impatiently. He kneels to help Remus peel off his ruined coat, but doesn't touch him any more than necessary, even when Remus grits his teeth against the pain so hard they grind.

"Broken," the young medic says.

Sirius growls as though to say "obviously", baring his teeth with a mean sort of glee when the medic recoils.

"Padfoot," Remus says wearily, "that's enough."

Sirius desists just long enough for the medic to splint Remus' arm and to recommend he get to a hospital for a proper cast as soon as possible, then chases the frightened boy away with a grunt and a swipe of one big paw.

Remus rolls his eyes. "Must you?"

Sirius looks up at him imploringly, then tugs on the edge of Remus' coat with his teeth. The look in his dog's eyes is the sharp, calculating one of a man's, and despite being surrounded by his allies, Remus feels dread descend upon him like a haze.

"What is it?" he murmurs. "Let's go find somewhere to--"

“Excuse me? Mr. Lupin? Excuse me!”

Sirius makes a doggy “oh God” sound as a young woman dressed all in green runs up to meet them, the heels of her shoes hitting the concrete with precise clicks. Only a lifetime of habit lets Remus drag a polite smile onto his face. “Ms. Skeeter.”

“Oh, you remember me!” Rita Skeeter gushes, the lenses of her cat eye glasses flashing in the light of the streetlamps. She is possibly the most persistent and most annoying reporter in all of London. “How have you and that adorable puppy been, Mr. Lupin?”

“Been better, all things conside--”

“So, any comments on the scene here tonight?” She’s already written half a page of notes in the pad of paper that somehow just materialized in her hand. “Looks like something terrible went down, judging from the look of you!”

“I wouldn’t say tha--”

“There’s something a bit unnatural with all the Yard’s business of late, don’t you think? I’ve been following your cases, you know.” Ms. Skeeter points her pen right at Remus’ face and winks knowingly. “Spectacular crime scenes, peculiar circumstances, lost trails. Quite a few of them. Mysterious stuff, eh? Almost--magical in nature, wouldn’t you say?”

Remus has half a mind to jump back into the Thames. “I wouldn’t say! In fact, I would much rather not say. Anything. At all.”

“Oh, well that’s all right, that’s all right. Bit of a rough night, eh, puppy?” Ms. Skeeter bends to pat Sirius on the head. Sirius gives her a doleful look.

“Very sorry to cut this short, Miss,” Remus says, “but we’