to meet new people, dressed as a girl. I gradually purchase all kinds of lovely clothes, and keep them hidden under the floorboards. With a corset to push my fat in the right places, a little makeup, and my hair beginning to grow out, I can sort of pass as a plump woman. It’s a start. I don’t get flirted with much or anything, but that’s okay. Even just being out and about in girl’s clothes is a comfort, much more natural than being boyish, somehow. 




Maybe,

 I think one night, changing into my nightclothes after another night out, 

maybe this will be enough. I can just do this. I don’t need more, really.




---




I need more.




---



The summer before my senior year I meet a boy. His short hair sticks up around his head like bristles low on his forehead, and his small eyes often go vacant when he spaces out. Still, they seem to brighten somehow when talking to me. We compare muscles and trade gossip about people we dislike. I was a bit wary of him at first, but he took to me right away.



“It’s weird, innit,” he says at one point, grinning dopily at me, “even though you’re a girl an’ all, you kinda remind me of my old best friend.”



“Oh, yeah? What’s his name?”



“He is… er, was, Crabbe. He’s gone now.” Some of that brightness leaves his eyes.



“Oh, wow.” I squirm awkwardly. It’s a rare thing, meeting someone highschool age who has friends who’ve passed. I wonder how it happened, but don’t ask. Instead I seek a way to change the subject. “Speaking of names, I didn’t catch yours just yet?”



“Oh,” he says, a big smile back on his face, goofy in its stupidness but charming, somehow. “It’s Goyle. Gregory Goyle.”



---



Gregory Goyle



Thing’s’ve been a lot different since Crabbe died. The moment after we were rescued from the Fiendfyre, Malfoy disappeared, muttering something about a bathroom. I couldn’t find him after that, though that may have been due to the fray of the Battle… and a lack of trying, to be honest. I wasn’t sure what I would say to him if I did see him. An integral part of our trio had disappeared, and it felt like approaching him would be completely different without Crabbe’s hulking presence by my side.



So, I’ve stayed out of touch. A summer usually full of visits to the Malfoy Manor and spending time with my father has been replaced by gazing out windows and waiting for a letter from my dad to come. See, after the Battle of Hogwarts, a kind of wizarding Nuremberg trial was held. It was decided that former Death Eaters would be, again, let off, considering the Dark Lord was dead for good this time. It didn’t seem likely they would relapse, and most haven’t. Most. My father is not one of most.



He was caught shortly after the Battle torturing muggles, and sent to Azkaban accordingly. It… it 

infuriated

 me. I was never a huge fan of muggles, but to do something like that… It angered me, not for the benefit of their wellbeing, but for my family’s. Now, on top of everything else, I’ve lost a father because he couldn’t just let sleeping dogs lie. 



I’ve grown to almost hate him, somehow. For the sake of rebelling I’ve gone as far as to start mingling in muggle areas. I’ve even researched some of their history, hence my knowing about the Nuremberg trials. It’s interesting stuff. Certainly more fun to learn about than whatever Professor Binns teaches. Muggles, really, they might be alright. I mean, they do pretty well for themselves, considering.



---



I meet a muggle girl. Her blonde hair is chin-length and straight, and her face pudgy and clearly has a penchant for scowling. She catches my eye, somehow. Granted, it would be hard to miss her. Her physique is gargantuan for a girl, with broad shoulders and a height barely less than mine. She’s nothing like anyone I’ve seen before, and I can’t help but start a conversation with her. We hit it off quickly. Her manner is gruff but with occasional giggles so girlish I can’t help but blush. Uniquely pretty and domineering both. 



Only when I absolutely must leave to even hope to make curfew do I go. Before I do, she grabs a napkin, scribbles on it, and hands it to me. “My number,” she explains, eyes averted shyly. “Call me sometime, okay?”



I can only nod, hoping my incomprehension won’t show too clearly. It isn’t until she’s out of sight that I examine the writing