gooey green eyes.
“Sorry,” Remus told him, “need to return this to your goddad.”
“God’ad.”
“That’s right.”
Harry returned to his game, and Remus walked around the counter to hand Sirius his dishrag.
“He’s learning quite fast,” said Remus.
Sirius accepted the rag and smiled, looking fondly over at the boy playing on the table.  “Yes, he’s quite smart.  But then, he should be, what with Lily being his mother and all that.”
Remus laughed.  “She does seem very brilliant.”
“She is.  He’s lucky to have her.  Not that James isn’t brilliant too,” Sirius added as he began to swipe across the countertop with the remoistened rag, “it’s just...a different kind of brilliance, I guess.”
“Mm.  You’re all excellent at what you do here, though.”
“’Course,” said Sirius stiffly, “except for the making money part, apparently.”
They lapsed into uncomfortable silence for a moment, as Sirius cleaned and Harry played and Remus stood behind the counter doing nothing.

After a while, he seemed to come to his senses and said, “Oh, I suppose I’m in the way.  I’ll just...”
“No need.  Here.”
Sirius tossed Remus another rag and gestured toward the opposite counter.  Remus looked at him, bewildered.  Sirius jerked his head toward the counter again, looking as though he was making the most natural request in the world.

Remus sighed and rolled up his shirtsleeves, wondering what in God’s name is he was doing even as he was running the rag under the tap and beginning to wipe the counter.  Sirius turned away to do the same, but not before Remus caught a glimpse of the cheeky grin on his face.  Silently, Remus scrubbed the counter, mentally cursing every holder of the Black name, past, present, and future.

They worked standing back to back for some time, listening to Harry’s dinosaurs rampaging across the table, until Remus thought he was done.  He cleaned the rag out in the sink and draped it over the edge to dry.
“Squeaky clean over there?” Sirius asked.
“The squeakiest,” said Remus firmly.
Sirius came over to inspect Remus’ work, and rewarded him with a light, if slightly condescending, pat on the back.
“Looks like you’re good for something other than making people’s lives miserable.  Good show.”
“Thank you,” Remus replied with every bit of sarcasm he could muster.
Sirius rewarded his sarcasm with a boyish wink – Did he just bloody wink at me—shit, why do my legs feel like jelly?  Must be tired... – and waved him away, seeming to think he had done enough for the time being.  Remus returned to the customer side of the bakery, wondering if this was his cue to leave.

“Weemus.”
It took a moment before Remus realized Harry was saying his name.  He turned to the boy, his shock plainly apparent on his face.
“Y-Yes?”
“Weemus,” Harry said again.  He reached out with one pudgy little hand and offered him one of the plastic dinosaurs, a long-necked one of an odd purplish colour.
“He wants you to play with him,” said Sirius from the counter.  He sounded amused, which was at once flattering and extremely mortifying to the poor accountant.
“Oh.  Oh, well...I suppose.”
Remus seated himself hesitantly beside the play table and took the proffered dinosaur from Harry, who grinned.  Remus smiled.  “Thank you.”
Harry gave a shake of the head, as though to say “No problem, mate”, and resumed playing.  Not really knowing what to do, Remus imitated him.  Harry recommenced his hooting dinosaur sounds, bumping his hand regularly against Remus’ as the creatures galloped.  

A few minutes passed like this before Remus finally had the courage to ask the question that had been plaguing him since the week before.
“Mister Bla–...Sirius?”
“Hm?”
“If you’re all making such a low income here, why don’t you try something else?”
“What d’you mean?  Is this another one of your finance tricks?” said Sirius suspiciously.
“No, no.  I’m just saying.  I mean, with your skills, you could easily find work as a pastry chef.  James and Lily too.  You’re all talented.  I can’t imagine you having that much trouble finding jobs.”
Sirius was silent.  Remus and Harry made the dinosaurs run another lap back and forth across the table, then Remus decided to take his chances.
“Especially you, Sirius.  You do incredible things in this bakery, but just imagine what you could do in a high-class establishment.  What with your skills and your education, you could–”
“You just don’t get it, do you?”
Remus raised his eyes at the low tone and, as he thought, met Sirius’ stormy grey eyes.  He had ceased working and was hunched over