allowed her to see his darker side.

"This is what you meant by improvising?" Hermione deadpanned, looking up at the large mythical creature that had supposedly died out many millennium ago, "You're going to feed Santa Clause to that thing."

"And then set it loose on the Ministry long enough to create a distraction so we can go gallivanting around the world, bringing joy and wonder to children everywhere."

"You are insane."

"They say all geniuses are." He seemed completely unphased as the large Tyranasaurus Rex began devouring Santa.

"I think I'm going to be sick."

He transfigured a rubbish bin from a potted plant for her, and though she did indeed start gagging at the sight before her, she managed to not toss her cookies.

"All done?" He seemed quite chipper, probably basking in her misery.

Composing herself Hermione drew her own wand and wordlessly began scourgifying the hallway, in case someone were to come by and see the bloody mess. Not that they'd probably actually notice considering the giant freaking dinosaur rampaging throughout the Ministry.

Minister Riddle, satisfied, began to walk away, still carrying the red suit he had looted off his victim.

"You are a horrible human being."

"You'll break my heart, Granger." He sounded anything but broken hearted.

She rolled her eyes in disgust, "Please, you don't have a heart. If you did you never would have allowed Bill 2634 to pass. You may have tricked the populace but I know that when it comes down to it you're doing more harm than good in forcing the genealogy devision to keep a detailed record of every muggle-born family for at least five generations back."

"It's Christmas Eve, must you always talk about work? Let's take a moment to enjoy the beautiful night."

"Just put on the suit so we can get this over with." With arms crossed she patiently waited for him to do just that, not even batting an eyelash as the red outfit automatically adjusted to fit his frame. It was obviously imbued with some form of magic, let's just hope it wasn't the secret to immortality. The thought of Riddle being able to live forever was a scary one, one she had tried to not think about since she had accidentally saw his research on it one day.

Maybe she should just be happy he hadn't actually been reduced to making Horcruxes yet. At least she hoped he hadn't.

"Great, you look the part, and you have his magic bag, so now what. Go to every house and hope we get the right present?" This part genuinely did make her a bit curious. She had always imagined Santa's bag to hold some sort of magic, like her own beaded bag she made to keep all her most important books on her along with some potions and odd bits.

His condescending attitude returned with a vengeance, "Not quite, there is an order to things. He didn't bring his sleigh, instead he floo'd to the Ministry, so we'll have to ride brooms from house to house, only going to the ones on the list. However, trying to figure out which presents go where  would take too long, so we're going to just choose at random. Little brats should be thankful they're getting anything."

"If you say so, I just want to get this night over with and forget anything ever happened."

"Such cruel words, one would almost think you didn't love me." He pouted, his hair falling down to shadow his already dark eyes giving him an almost evil look. Mixed with the costume it was very. . . disconcerting.

Before the duo could leave to bring Christmas joy, however, a very loud chorus of screams began to erupt from within the Ministry, namely, where the party had been taking place.

"Riddle. . . Please, please, tell me that you didn't make the tyranosaurus immune to magic and physical damage." Hermione couldn't help but ask, it sounded like something he would do.

"We needed the distraction to last long enough so that nobody would ask questions or notice our absence." He seemed a bit put out, as if she should have already guessed as much and was just wasting their time.

"Well, right now, there is a dinosaur wreaking havoc on your Ministry, probably eating a couple of them." She sent him a look, "A dinosaur that is eating your employees, and already ate Santa Clause, and therefore we really don't need to go around delivering presents because your excuse for his disappearance is out there. Devouring what looks to be the Head  of the Department of Mysteries."

"The dinosaur ate Howard? Can't say I'm sad about the manner, but you have a point." He vanished the outfit and bag, once more wearing just his robes. He probably sent the items to his house for later study, or that was at least what Hermione would have done in his position.

Hermione honestly couldn