but she didn't step back. It was not her nature to refuse a confrontation - be it in the form of argumentation or blatant seduction. "You're beautiful. Have I told you that?"

Her nostrils flared. She was clearly fighting the urge to slap his hand away. "Yes. Right after calling me a 'Mudblood whore' if I remember correctly."

He moved his hand until he was tracing the gentle curve of her neck. "If I touch you like this," he said softly, "will you pull away?"

"I didn't," she replied, her eyes trained on nothing else but at him. "I won't."

He kissed her then, hard, ragged, needy. For several seconds, nothing else existed. But soon, the truth came rushing in and just as quickly he stepped back. He was tracing her mouth with his thumb when he said, "You're stupid. You know that?"

"And you're a pathetic excuse for a Pureblood wizard." But his insult had hurt her, and it showed in her eyes. "Are we done?"

"No." Now his concealed feelings came bubbling forth. He pushed himself off her. "You've always been the clever one, Granger. You should know when to pull away. You should know that you should pull away!"

"What? What in hell are you-" Pursing her lips again, she took the wand out of her robes. "This is pointless," she muttered, glaring at him. "I'm going to count to ten. If by then you still haven't-"

"I don't want to be the one to kill you."

She was silenced by that heartfelt, outrageous admission. "I'd love to see you try," she said bitterly.

"I don't want to kill you, and Voldemort knows this," he said, ignoring her caustic remark. "Tomorrow, or the day after that, I might start hunting you down. If I see you then, I will kill you." He looked away. "Whether I want to or not would be irrelevant in a war."

"I know," she muttered in a flat voice. "I know."

He faced her again. "I could still get to you, though, and you proved that to me just now." His voice changed, channeled his rage. "Voldemort will use that to our advantage. Take my word for it."

"Oh, what, so I shouldn't allow you to seduce me in the battlefield? What a very sound advice." Sarcasm, aggravation, coated every syllable. "Just what is your point, Malfoy? Is this your odd way of telling me to be wary of the enemies, especially you? Because if you are, then this meeting is definitely a waste of our time - I know that already."

"Do you?" he challenged. "Your damned pride could get you killed."

"As said by the world's humblest man," she retorted, her eyes blazing.

He grabbed both her shoulders and squeezed. "Aren't you afraid I'd use your feelings against you?"

She jutted her chin, didn't refute his words. "Aren't you afraid I'd use yours?"

He had to smile at that. "And that is the reason we're here." He released her, watched silently as she rubbed her shoulders. "I may have the solution to both our problems. I know that you would never turn your back on your pathetic friends, and hell would have to freeze before I turn my back on mine." He paused, waiting for her to try and convince him to join her side.

She didn't.

Just like he didn't try to convince her to join him.

"This solution would ensure our safety in war, so that either of us wouldn't have an advantage over the other. If necessary – and it would be – one of us could kill the other."

They might as well be talking about the weather, or the plants, or the death of all these poor creatures, what with the calmness and normalcy in both their tones.

"What do you say?"

She looked at him, her mouth closed, her stance contemplative. She didn't promise him that their newfound love would conquer all, or tell him that they could run away together, get married somewhere, and raise a family happily. She wouldn't beg him to think and revolt and prove to her that he loved her – because she knew, like he did, that it would only be a waste of their time.

It was war.

And in war, love had no place anywhere.

"All right," she said, finally. "What's your solution?"

His expression grim, he grabbed a vial from the table and tossed it at her.

She studied the thing she held in her hands. "What would this do to us?"

"Help us forget," he told her simply, as if those three words