, Draco, perhaps you yourself are the Heir of Slytherin?”

“Why did you have to give it to her, though? I could have brought it.”

“No, Draco, only someone Dumbledore trusts enough not to search can bring it into Hogwarts. Your head of house informs me that not only does Dumbledore perform a full sweep the first night after you’ve returned, but maintains devices to monitor you at all times.”

“What, in case we’re evil? Or…something…something less proprietous?”

“I really don’t know, Draco, but, in either case, it’s not the sort of man we’d like running a school, now is it?”

“Father?”

“Yes, Draco?”

“What did you put in Weasley’s cauldron?”

“Just a little threat.”

“Couldn’t you just tell them whatever you’re threatening them? Like, that the Ministry will hear about – I don’t know, the Weasleys must do something.”

“Subtlety, Draco.”

“I don’t think they noticed. That’s too subtle, then, isn’t it?”

“Draco, what’s the very first thing I do when we get home from shopping, even before we enter the house?”

“You scan me for anything dangerous that someone might have planted on me, and then scan all of our purchases to make sure there’s nothing hidden or fraudulent.”

“Do you think any wizard who knows those spells would be less careful with his own children?”

“I thought you said everyone knew those spells.”

“Certainly most do.”

“So, he’ll find it right away, then?”

“Yes. I’m sure he’ll understand the message.”

“Father?”

“Yes, Draco?”

“What did you put in Weasley’s cauldron?”

“Something dark. I’m not sure what it does, but it should start working sometime shortly after she returns to Hogwarts.”

“Why do you want to make her sick? It’s not like she’s a threat. She’s only a first year.”

“Harry Potter defeated He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named as an infant, Draco; don’t underestimate people based on age.”

“So she is a threat.”

“No. Not everything is about threats to the House of Malfoy. Some things are, as in this case, about threats to the House of Weasley.”

“…us?”

“No. In this case, Arthur and Molly Weasley.”

“They are the House of Weasley, though.”

“Not so. A House lies in its Legacy, Draco, my heir.”

“Then why do you want to hurt their Legacy?”

“There has to be clear enough cause to take away their children, love, and I think nothing short of dark magic poisoning will hold more sway than that old fool’s word.”

“Won’t they just blame you?”

“It doesn’t matter who they blame. The fact that they allowed their daughter to return to school with a dark object of unknown origin showcases their neglect. And the fact that the headmaster allowed it to happen right under his nose will question his competence, as well.”

“You really think they won’t check, ever, between now and when she goes to school?”

“Draco, love, you’re really too young to be thinking about these things.”

“I am not!”

“Alright, then. Their oldest works for Gringotts. You know how rare it is for them to work with wizards at all – now imagine what they must pay him. Yet he can’t afford to visit his family?”

“Maybe he’s busy.”

“Their second moved to Romania to work with dragons.”

“Why Romania?”

“That’s the question, isn’t it? Scotland has one of the best dragon preserves in the world. Why travel to such a remote location that it’s hard even to keep in touch?”

“Maybe he doesn’t like the British breeds, then.”

“Their next goes to Hogwarts with you.”

“I’ve seen him. He’s a prefect. Horribly strict, always takes off points from everyone, even the Gryffindors, but I guess that’s fair, though, at least.”

“Have you seen how his siblings treat him?”

“Well, yeah, but he’s a prat, though.”

“Have you ever watched his parents intervene when their child is being ridiculed?”

“Of course, I mean, sometimes, after it stops being funny.”

“It should never be funny to watch someone be cruel to your child, Draco.”

“Oh. No, I guess not, then.”

“And the youngest two always look disheveled.”

“Yeah, but, I mean, they’re poor, though. Wouldn’t you expect poor hygiene?”

“They can’t tell their own twins apart.”

“So? Nobody can tell them apart.”

“I assure you, Draco, it is not normal for