and four? It was no wonder Severus loved travelling to Neverland so much. Despite the sleepless nights and suspicious looks when he failed to be found in his chambers after hours by a distraught McGonagall or advice-seeking Dumbledore, meeting Harry every night was possibly, probably, the best thing that has ever happened to the weary potions master.

"Maybe later."

"Ugh, you're no fun today, Severus. Where's your adventurousness?"

The boy leaned over him, and Severus closed his eyes against the tempting picture of that beautiful, pale face so close to his own. Harry's musky scent washed over him and he sighed. Oh, how he wished sometimes to lean into his desire, to embrace it and capture those luscious lips, to feel the flawless skin of his cheek against his hand, to weave his fingers through that unruly, dark hair, which could not be tamed.

"Severus?"

Alas, he could not, for Harry was just a boy. A boy who never grew up, whose age was nothing but a number in the face of his youthfulness, and still, just a boy, and barely over twenty. Severus, himself, was reaching his thirty sixth birthday with dire discontentment, while Harry stayed forever unchanging, forever in his prime.

He remembered the days when he was the younger one, when Harry seemed so big and mighty. Those days, Severus barely reached the height of Harry's shoulders. Now, he towered over him.

Harry was the one who stayed, so why did Severus feel like he was the one being left behind?

"Let's just rest today, Harry."

Harry released a groan and flopped down to lay on his stomach next to Severus, craning his neck to look at Severus with sparkling eyes and a heart-melting smile.

"Alright," Harry sighed softly.

Severus's eyes swept over Harry's back and those goddamn green tights stretching over his taunt arse. Lack of parental influence was clear in Harry's mannerism and choice of dressing. Like his ridiculous hat that was perched on his head, which didn't fail to stay on even through the boy's messing about.

Severus closed his eyes, and for a few minutes all was quiet.

Then a rhythm broke out, a small, steady shuffling of grass between leather boots. Harry tapped his foot on the ground, and soon enough started humming an unfamiliar, but most certainly off-tune nursery rhyme.

Severus groaned internally as Harry's voice became stronger. The boy did not have a shred of patience in his body.

"Harry."

The tune broke off, and even closed-eyed, Severus could feel those impossibly green, inquiring eyes on him.

"Kindly be quiet."

A sigh came from the boy's direction. "But I'm bored!" he complained.

Severus rolled his eyes behind closed lids.

"Amuse yourself."

"I am. You stopped me."

"Amuse yourself quietly."

"I'm going to climb that big tree."

Severus did not ask which big tree. There was always a big tree to climb, with Harry.

"Go on, then," Severus encouraged, hearing the satisfying shuffle as the boy stood up and walked to his tree.

Then it was groans and whoops and woo-hoo's.

Honestly, he preferred the quiet humming.

He cracked one eye open to see the boy directly above him, seated in a branch so up high it made Severus slightly dizzy just looking at it.

How on earth did the boy manage to climb up there so fast?

A nest of black hair appeared.

"Come on, Severus! Join me!" the boy shouted in excitement, his face red from climbing and his chest heaving as he panted.

"I am much too old for this," Severus grumbled to himself as he pushed himself up and to his feet. He could not deny Harry, though, try as he might. And it has been long since he had climbed a tree with Harry. When Severus was as young as the boy, they used to practically live up in the trees.

He soon found the branch the boy had used to start climbing and squared one foot, grabbing hold of another branch that looked strong enough to support his weight. He wasn't as light as Harry, nor as experienced in tree-climbing.

He slowly climbed up a height he deemed high enough, which was about half as high as what Harry had managed, and sat down on a thick branch, looking out at the horizon, where mermaids were splashing each other playfully.

"It’s beautiful up here, isn’t it?" a voice came from behind him and he startled, turning around and clutching the branch he was gripping not to fall over.

Harry was perched on a branch behind and a little above him, grinning goofily at the potions master, as if he didn't have a care in the world.

"Yes…" Severus hummed, taking in the sight of Harry's flushed face and laughing eyes. The boy really was beautiful.

"Makes you wish to live