, yes,” his son responded, trying to mask his anger less, this time.

The elder Malfoy pinched the bridge of his nose. “You do understand what this could mean?”

“Yes, Father.” Draco rolled his eyes. “I do understand that most people are not okay with that, and I may soon be a social pariah.”

“People will talk about you,” Lucius warned.

“Yes.” Draco inclined his head.

“They may get violent,” he added.

“I’ve been practicing dueling,” Draco countered.

“Okay,” said the older blond, “okay.”

Then he stepped up to his son, wrapping the younger wizard in a tight hug, and pressing a small kiss to the top of his head. Draco just barely didn’t let out a strangled yelp.

“I’m proud of you, Draco,” Lucius muttered. “I’m glad that you want to be true to this part of yourself, and it’s about time something was done. I love you, you know that, right?”

Then, before Draco could respond, his father had pulled him by the hand back into the library, where the businessmen waited patiently.

“What was that all about, then?” one of them asked.

“My son is gay,” Lucius told him. “He thought it was important that I know.”

Both of the other men huffed and fumed, finally leaving without concluding their deal.

“I’m sorry about that,” Lucius said, sitting heavily. “I’m afraid progress may be slow.”

 

Draco sat in a dark, empty corner of the bar, under several glamours and a variety of repelling spells. Gritting his teeth, he shook the Prophet again, as if he could make the tiny people in the image, or at least his father, stop beaming and shaking hands. He smacked it down with a growl as Blaise, used to his hiding in the corner, slid in next to him.

Blaise smiled. “What, isn’t that the outcome we were hoping for?”

“Yes, yes,” Draco said, “great for the fucking pillow-biters that they can all get married now and it’s a special bloody fucking crime to attack them.”

The other Slytherin choked on his drink. “Something wrong, Draco?”

“I didn’t upset my father!” Draco yelled.

“Well, no,” Blaise said, “but at least this is out in the open. And he reacted well, and now you don’t have to worry about it.”

The blond slammed his drink down so hard it sloshed all over his newspaper. “Right, only now all of fucking Britain thinks I’m gay!”

“Wasn’t that the point?” Blaise asked. Then, quieter, “aren’t you?”

“No, Blaise, you fucking pouf.” Draco rolled his eyes.

“Oh,” said Blaise, frowning.

“What’s the matter?” Draco scoffed, “sad that I’m not? Didn’t think anyone else could give you a decent rogering?”

“Pretty much,” said Blaise. “I thought we were flirting.”

The blond’s eyes snapped to his friend.

The raven raised an eyebrow.

“Well, at least you can get married now,” Draco said. “Fucking nancy.”

 

“Why?” Draco asked, storming into his father’s study again.

Lucius looked up. “I’m sorry?”

“This, all this,” Draco waved a hand at the scattered letters his father was drafting. “Why are you doing all of this?”

“Don’t you want me to?” The elder Malfoy frowned.

“I thought you’d be upset!” Draco was careful not to whine.

Lucius walked over and put a comforting hand on his son’s shoulder. “Draco, I don’t know if I’ve told you this, but when you were born, I made you a promise. I was going to give you everything that you wanted, everything that my father refused to give to me.”

Draco opened his mouth to retort, and then his eyes widened in realization.

The older blond coughed. “You did realize you’re an only child, Draco?”

Draco let out half a sputter, half a yelp.

“Is this –” Lucius sighed. “Draco, were you trying to make me angry?”

Draco stared blankly at the wall.

“What is this about?” The head of the family frowned. “Have I done something to upset you?”

Draco remained silent.

Lucius pressed his lips together. “Draco, if you don’t talk to me, I won’t know what’s wrong, and I won’t know what I can do to fix it.”

The boy just shook his head.

“Look, how about this. I’ll clear my schedule tomorrow, and we’ll go play quidditch, just the two of us, unless you want to scramble a team,” his father offered.

Draco half smiled and nodded, still working on autopilot.

His father’