had been a baby and cried, had they also comforted him like Harry and Ginny did?

                Suddenly Teddy missed his parents.


.-.-.



TBC


               


Title :Always There



Genre : Family



Characters : Teddy Lupin, James Sirius Potter



Summary : A Drabble A Day Keeps The Doctor Away Challenge. James didn’t seem convinced. He stared at Teddy, lips trembled and looked sad. “I hate Al. Why don’t I look like Dad? Everyone would like me like they love Albus.”



Disclaimer : Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling. I am making no profit.


.-.-.

                Harry invited Teddy to come to the ministry. Andromeda had some business to take care of, Ginny went to the hospital with James for general check up, and no one else was available at the moment to babysit the six year old boy. Harry decided to finish the paperwork at Auror’s office and keep an eye to the boy at the same time. Shot two birds with a stone, he said.

                So that’s why Teddy came along and tagged next to Harry. Both were walking down the corridor leading to Harry’s office.

                “You’ll stay in my office,” Harry informed him.

                Teddy rolled his eyes, exasperated. “I know. You’ve said that for fourteenth times,” he grumbled. “I have to stay very quiet, not disturb everyone or wander in…everywhere,” Teddy repeated.

                Harry laughed. He ruffled Teddy’s hair, which was rapidly changing from blond to dark red. Knowing his godson’s tendency to explore places he’s in, Harry wasn’t afraid at all. At least Teddy would still wander and have adventures in the ministry area. The boy would be easy to find, unless he was distressed and unconsciously changed his appearance. No matter what, Harry was certain he could recognize Teddy.

                Harry pulled a chair and conjured a small desk for his godson. “You’ll stay here, Teddy Lupin. You can play games on my laptop. Or draw, or read. But don’t leave this room, okay?”

                “Yes, yes.” Teddy huffed.

                Soon the boy was absorbed in Racing Broomstick. He clicked the mouse in rapid motion, urging the player to move faster to avoid the dragon.

                Harry looked up when Neville knocked and opened the door. “Hey. What brought you here?” he asked, surprised finding his former classmate there.

                Neville entered the office. “Some business. About the citizenship and taxes,” he answered.

                “Not for Hogwarts affair, then” Harry smiled and rose to greet him.

                Neville shook his head. “No, Harry. And I just wanted to visit the next head of Auror.” Both laughed until the Herbology teacher noticed Harry’s godson.

                “Teddy!”

                Teddy paused the game and waved. “Hi, Uncle Neville,” he greeted back cheerfully. He knew Uncle Neville. Sometimes he came to visit with his wife Aunty Hannah. Both were fond of Teddy, and so was he. Teddy especially liked it when they brought him Chocolate Frogs.

                Neville walked and crouched beside the boy. “Having fun, Ted?”

                Teddy vaguely answered. “Nuh-uh,” he drawled, imitating Cousin Draco, which earned him  rolling eyes from Harry and a chuckle from Neville.

                “I babysit him,” Harry announced.

                Teddy harrumphed. “You lie. All you do is asked me to play games and sit still,” he denied.

                “Whatever,” Harry sighed. “I’m going to retrieve some files from the Mystery Department. Can you watch Teddy for a while?” he asked Neville.

                The tall man nodded. “Sure. I’m not in a hurry.”

                Neville pulled Harry’s chair and placed it next to Teddy’s. He prompted Teddy with questions while the six year old boy went back to the game.

                Neville was deeply surprised when Teddy lost the game and the boy cursed. “Merlin! Don’t say that!”

                Teddy pouted. “I just said ‘Shit’.” He lazily clicked the mouse, making the screen blink.

                Neville gently reprimanded him. “You must not say the word again.”

                “But Harry often says it,” Teddy argued.

                Neville restrained himself from chuckling. It was unnerving that the sweet kid Neville loved as his own child uttered the word. It was a mild curse but coming from a small boy, Neville thought he should chastise him. “Does he?”

                “Yup.” Teddy nodded, still pouting. He was partially embarrassed to be reprimanded by Uncle Neville, and vexed because of the game. “Harry curses sometimes during the Quidditch games we listen from the Radiozard.”


.-.-.


                Ginny patted Harry’s shoulder. “Yeah, I understand it’s embarrassing to be exposed like that,” she said, mildly amused.

                Harry groaned. He sighed as he watched Teddy play with James that evening. “Neville couldn’t stop laughing. He told Hannah, who happened to be near Draco Bloody---“ Ginny shot a look. “---Malfoy, who spread it to Andromeda and Narcissa. Now everyone knows I swear before a kid. What would the people in