Harry!" Ron called across the room, interrupting his conversation. "Tell Malfoy he's mad! The Tornados won't make it past the second round, if they even make it to the first!"

"Sorry Ron," Harry said, smiling as he stood to return Christy to her father. "But I'm an Arrows fan, you know that. And I don't think you should be talking, the Cannons aren't even going to make it to the finals." Laughter filled the room as Harry left, growing louder as Ron turned a brilliant shade of red and tried to dispute Harry's claim.

"Charlie, your daughter is trying to eat me; you need to feed the little cannibal!" Harry announced as he entered the kitchen. Molly and Penelope, Percy's wife of three years, laughed as Harry held the baby high and twirled her around. Charlie looked up from the strange red vegetable he was chopping and grinned.

"Are you trying to eat Uncle Harry, Christina?" he asked the child, making a face at her. The child laughed at her father and held out her arms. Charlie smiled. "There is some baby food in the fridge, Harry," he said, holding up his red stained hands. "Christy is allergic to this stuff, so I can't take her just now."

"Why are you making something your daughter is allergic to?" Harry grumbled as he took the baby food out of the fridge and found a spoon. Seating the baby in one of the high chairs Molly had acquired of the years and brought down from the attic when Ron and Hermione's daughter Rose was born, he made a silly face at her as he buckled her in and attached the tray. Looking around, he grabbed a napkin and transfigured it into a bib, adding a shower of sparks for Christy. The little girl laughed and clapped her hands, giggling even more as Harry attempted to put the bib on her. "Saviour of the world they call me," Harry muttered, prying the top off the food, "and I'm stuck with you." He scrunched up his nose as he lifted a spoonful of the neon orange mush out of the can.

"Mum wanted me to make a Romania dish since Ginny likes that food," Charlie explained as he added the veggie to a simmering stew. Harry snorted and hurriedly cleaned up the mush Christy had spat out. Charlie snickered. "You gotta make the face."

"I am not making that face," Harry growled, teeth grit at the laughter of Molly and Penelope. Harry glared at Penelope and shook the baby food spoon at her. "Don't laugh; you had to do worse with Jack." Penelope just giggled.

"If you didn't want to do the face, you shouldn't have chosen something with carrots," Molly scolded him, taking the mash from him and placing a bowl of wet baby cereal on the tray. Christy attacked the food and was soon covered in cereal.

"It's the only thing Charlie brought!" Harry protested, glaring at the retired dragon handler. The older man merely smiled and continued stirring his dish.

"All I had, need to go the store," he said mildly. Harry rolled his eyes and wiped a glob of cereal off his face. He sighed and leaned back in his chair, keeping an eye on Christy as he surveyed the kitchen. As usual, Molly had cooked enough food to feed an army. They were celebrating Ginny's twenty-first birthday, so Molly had made all of the witch's favorite foods. Harry had contributed two lasagnas, claiming they were from him and Bill, though everyone knew Bill didn't cook.

"So Harry, what happened to that nice young man you brought by a few weeks ago?" Molly said casually. Harry smiled. Even though Molly had been shocked the most by his announcement at dinner one day that he was gay, she had quickly adjusted and had been trying to find a suitable partner for him, just as she had for all her children. Harry could only smile and listen to her suggestions and not to subtle hints. He knew it was one of Molly's ways of showing her love and affection and, unlike the rest of the clan, he didn't mind it one bit. After years of his relatives' neglect, it was nice to have someone worry over him.

"Clay? He had to move to America, something about a job opportunity." Harry shrugged. Clay had been a good fuck buddy, but not long term boyfriend material. Not that he was going to tell Molly that.

"Oh, but he was so nice!" Molly sighed. Charlie started coughing, great spasms wracking his body as he tried to hide his laughter. He had caught Harry and Clay going at it in Ron's old room and Harry had threatened to hex him several times over if he ever told. Molly and Penelope starting fussing over Charlie in concern, though Penelope's eyes sparkled with mischief. Harry rolled his eyes and started cleaning Christy up