hand on his waist.

The short walk from the shadowed alley to the cheap motel left Harry with a fresh resolve, and a 'What the hell am I doing?' echoing in his head. It wasn't enough to clear lustrous thoughts and slow the quick, eager pants coming from his lips, though. Soon, Harry was gently pushed onto a bed with a worn-looking mattress with stains Harry preferred not to think about. The room was dirty and the walls had mold in some of the corners, giving the room a strange smell that Harry chose ignored.

"Top or bottom?" asked the man, again destroying Harry's happy-place with his voice which was just plain wrong.

Harry sighed. "Top," he answered, and after a thought adding, "Could you not speak, please? You can whisper. Just don't…"

Harry's concentration was cut in half when the man bowed down and pressed his lips to the shell of Harry's ear. "No problem," he whispered, taking the lobe into his mouth and sucking on it, making Harry release a pleasured breath.

"Thanks," he said, feeling the bizarre need to apologize, and quickly brushing it away with the thought that since he was going to have sex with a whore, apologizing was kind of hypocritical of him. He was better off not thinking, he decided. Just enjoy, he thought forcibly, it's supposed to be fun, so just relax. So why did he have the feeling he was betraying someone's trust by taking this man, who looked frighteningly like somebody he used to know.

The man backed away a little so Harry could see his face in the dim light of the room, smiling in a wicked fashion before rising to his knees and starting to strip slowly, his silver-blue eyes never straying from Harry's green ones. Harry was left breathless as the pale chest was revealed, unmarred and exactly as he remembered it. The pale nipples stood up and tight, begging for attention Harry was desperate to give.

"I've been waiting so long… to feel you," Harry choked out, reaching out and touching the man's chest softly, fingers trailing almost ghost-like over the nipples and tangling in the few smoky, pale chest hairs the man had.

The man's tight-fitting shirt was thrown to the side and the man continued his strip-tease even as Harry's exploring hands touched and felt and fondled his flawless skin. It was just like it's supposed to be, and yet, something was missing.

Harry looked up, searching with his eyes the other pair of eyes that completed him, gave him courage. He met them after a few panicked seconds, sinking into the warm heat they were offering with their silver hues and touches of blue.

After shredding the little cloths he had on, the blond man looked up at Harry with questioning eyes. "Lube?" he asked softly, his voice barely a whisper.

Harry frowned in confusion, not understanding what the man was asking of him. He didn't have any lube on him, or anything.

Seeing the incomprehension in Harry's eyes, the man explained. "Can I use lube?"

Harry's eyes widened in horror; did the man think he was going to enter him without preparing him first? He could never in a million years hurt such a delicate, perfect body. Having realized he was gaping, Harry mentally shook himself and nodded weakly.

The man stretched his body over Harry's and pulled out a small bottle with a ripped-off label from a bedside table's drawer. Harry hadn't even noticed the small table in his rush to get the man naked and bare in front of him.

As the man prepared himself – Harry hasn't even offered, too fascinated by the man's hands disappearing behind his back to do anything but gawk – Harry took the time to compare the man's body to the one he knew and cherished. The arms were the same – lean, but muscular enough, showing off the glorious Quidditch past the man should have had. The neck, pale and delicate, if not a bit thicker than he remembered. The hair was more blond than silver and longer than he liked. The eyes were a stormy grey color, with a blue hue and a shiny gleam. The lips were thin and pale, much like the rest of him, but the bow was more defined. The chin was a bit too pointy, but he could deal. It wasn't such a difference he couldn't handle. It would do. It was enough.

He released a cry of pleasure as he was consumed entirely, his muscles tensing. "Oh, Merlin," he groaned. He changed their positions, flipping over so he was on top with the blond beneath him. The other man hitched his legs around Harry's waist and clutched the sheets under him as Harry thrust down into him over and over again, starting slowly, gently and then picking up a fast pace, thrusting