I think not. And Arthur is just as plebian as James.”

            “Are you going to shoot down every name I suggest?”

            “Depends. Are you going to keep suggesting ridiculous names? I bet you’ll suggest naming him Colin next, after that annoying little boy who used to run around licking your shoes. He made himself a martyr by dying in the final battle.”

            “Colin is alright, I guess…”

            “No! You are going about this naming business all wrong. We can’t name our child after someone who used to lick your shoes, Harry. Think of someone who you admire and who was inspirational to you; someone you want our son to emulate. Or a cool sounding constellation, although I’ve already used all of the best constellations. Then use your brain and consider the same points from my perspective.”

            “So I need to find someone we both admire and would both like are son to be like?” Harry asked with a smile. He suddenly knew the perfect name.

            “Yes, that’s right.”

            “Severus it is then,” Harry said.

            “Sev…” Draco said, turning the name over in his head. It had a nice sound to it. “Severus Malfoy.”

            Finding a middle name was more difficult than the first name. First Harry suggested Tyl, which was one of the stars in the constellation Draco, but Draco didn’t like it. Harry considered the constellations Pyxis and Lupus, but the first was too girly and the second sounded too much like an illness. Harry suggested Harris, meaning Harry’s son, which brought a scowl to Draco’s face. Then Harry looked to his ancestors for inspiration; he had a grandfather named Millard and a great grandfather named Thurmond. Draco didn’t like either name and suggested looking further back, to the ancient Potters.

            The most ancient family member whose name Harry knew was Ignotus Peverell. The Peverells were an ancient wizarding family and although they’d died out in the male line, they were quite proliferous. The Malfoys claimed to be descended from the second brother, Cadmus, while the Rosiers were related to the first brother, Antioch. Of the three, Draco preferred the name Cadmus, but he wasn’t opposed to Ignotus.

            Eventually they settled on the name Severus Ignotus Malfoy. Harry wanted Potter of course, but Draco insisted that the last name wasn’t up for debate. If Harry wanted a kid with his last name, he could conduct a male pregnancy ritual and carry it in his own body or convince a witch to have a kid for him. But as long as Draco was the one pregnant, giving birth, and nursing, then the baby was a Malfoy, unless his father said otherwise.

Hmm, what do you think Skeeter can make with this story? It’s bound to be in the papers tomorrow. How do you think the public should react to the news?What do you think about the name? Does it fit with the other children or stand out for not being astrological?


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

            The morning following Draco’s prenatal appointment was a hectic one. Draco was barely putting on his robes when an elf arrived delivering an elegant white baby bassinette with a blue ribbon tied around the perimeter. Apparently the news that they were having another boy had gotten out, because Sally Smith had deemed it fit to send them a gift along with a note of congratulations.

            Sally’s brother Zacharias was having legal troubles at the moment, because of Zacharias’ alleged involvement in some highly illegal business dealings. Obvious Sally sent the gift in order to suck up to Harry, in hopes of the Savior supporting her brother. Harry had enough pull in the Ministry to grant someone leniency if he wanted. He, however, never abused his power and only used his pull when he could personally testify to someone’s innocence, so Sally was wasting her galleons.

            Draco had to deal with the delivery elf and put the bassinette off to the corner of the room, before he could get back to the task of getting ready for the day. This time he was brushing his teeth when a delivery owl arrived with a parcel. It was a beautiful white unicorn fur knit blanket, with a matching sweater, hat, and little booties from Ryleigha Macmillan, Ernie Macmillan’s wife, and the Macmillan family. Obviously the information leak was a major one.

            Anything knit from yarn made out of unicorn fur was insanely expensive and the set had a beautiful argyle texture to the stitch, making it more costly. It was outrageously soft and probably the nicest baby paraphernalia Draco had ever received, so of course he had to stop what he was doing to show it to his mother and then put it away properly.

            After the present from the Macmillans the gifts and congratulation cards really came pouring in. Draco had to order their one old house elf, Wispy, to deal with the gifts, and then called Harry’s elf Kreacher to help. Harry would be heading to work by now and he had offered Draco the use of the elf. In fact, since