time for Christmas!"

 

"Well it wouldn't be Christmas without a family disaster," Ginny quipped. "Remember the time the twins burned the ham? Mom was so mad! She had to cook something new from scratch; Fred and George were banned from the kitchen entirely."

 

"True," Ron said. "At least the mashed potatoes were left untouched."

 

"Thank god for small things." Ginny said, nodding solemnly. Molly was laughing, Arthur seemed grateful for the distraction. Hermione tapped Draco's arm, inclining her head towards the hallway. He followed her out, shrugging when Narcissa shot him a questioning look.

 

"I hope you're not here to lecture me." He said. "I get enough of that from Snape, thank you."

 

"No," she rolled her eyes at him. "I just thought you might want some time away from it."

 

"Oh?"

 

"Well, yeah, you never seem to like being around loud groups for too long." Hermione looked from him to the floor. "I remember at the Burrow, you always excused yourself whenever possible."

 

"Back then my mom and I just left the manor." Draco said. "I don't know if I ever told anyone about it." He said, voice dropping to a murmur. Hermione looked back up at him, waiting for him to speak. Draco crossed his arms over his chest, shifted his weight from foot to foot. He wondered if there were words to describe it. If he could tell her what his father—ex father now—had said to him. "The night before, I snuck out to Narcissa's gardens. I couldn't think about anything but the dark mark, about what would happen if I joined the Death Eaters. I made my decision and told Lucius the next morning. To say he didn't take it well is an understatement."

 

"What happened?" Hermione said when Draco paused.

 

"He told me how everyone would be very sorry if I had a little accident." He said, looking away from Hermione. He didn't want to see her face, didn't want her pity. "And he tried to..." Draco trailed off in the middle of the sentence. "If Narcissa hadn't been there, Lucius would've cast the killing curse."

 

"I don't know what to say." Hermione said. He still wasn't looking at her, trying to swallow past the lump in his throat.

 

"So don't say anything." He said, wanting to kick himself for telling her. Sure, they were friends, but it's not like they went back years. Hermione wasn't his best friend in the world, not like Pansy or Blaise. They were his only friends who had known before now. Draco was startled out of thought by a tentative hand on his shoulder. He dreaded seeing the look on her face, but was taken aback by the quiet rage in Hermione's expression.

 

"I'm just so furious he could even think of it!" Her grip on his shoulder tightened with every word. Draco's hand went up, thoughtlessly, to cover hers. She faltered before she could begin a rant.

 

"Thank you."

 

"For what?" Her expression shifted from anger to curiosity, she stepped a little closer. But before Draco had a chance to reply, their friends came through the door. Draco and Hermione stepped away from each other quickly. His hands went to his pockets as Hermione looked at the ceiling, biting her lip.

 

"We should go for a little walk," Pansy declared. "We've been moping around too long today!" She nudged Ron, who only rolled his eyes a little at her.

 

"Yeah, it's not like Ron's dad was in danger or anything." Harry said. Pansy just punched his arm.

 

"Well he's fine!" She said. They walked aimlessly through the hall, just glad the day was over and Arthur was okay. It felt like all the tension of the day was gone; they could just joke around and be normal, at least for a few hours. Ginny was gossiping with Hermione about something, laughing occasionally. Pansy and Ron were deep in conversation, about what, Draco had no idea. He didn't think they were that close. Blaise and Draco were walking in step with Harry, the three of them quietly chatting about quidditch.

 

"Oh," a voice caught their attention. "I didn't know you guys would be here." Neville Longbottom was standing a few feet away, shuffling from side to side awkwardly.

 

"We were visiting my dad," Ron said. "What are you doing here?"

 

"Oh, uh," he looked around the hallway. "The same?" He sighed, but before Neville had a chance to explain, a woman tapped him on the shoulder. Neville turned around to face her as the woman opened her hand and gave him what looked to be a candy wrapper. "Thanks mom." He said quietly as she walked away again