muttered, trying to keep the tears away and the pain in his voice masked before he apperated in another location.

Central London. It was easy to get lost here, so easy when there were people milling about, especially muggles. Stuffing his wand into his pocket, Peter quickly lost himself in the crowd becoming a muggle. It was easy for some reason, maybe because his mum had been one and he spent quite a bit of time with her and in the muggle world. 

His thoughts wandered to the screams he heard, the light flashing outside the house. Why, why did he give them up? His chest constricted at the thought again, regret piling up on his shoulders. There so many that he didn’t know where to turn or how to deal with it. Did the Order feel guilty for their death? They were the ones who assigned Peter was Secret Keeper, they had to feel some remorse for what they did. Or was their no remorse on their part besides fury towards whomever committed this crime, this treason, against the wizarding world.

"There he is!" Someone shouted out causing Peter to freeze. Bloody hell. He needed to move quicker and he could only think of one way to buy himself more time.

“Maximus Bombarda!” Peter shouted, turning around so he was walking backwards, casting the spell that hit a building, causing bricks to fall. Screams echoed throughout the London streets, causing Peter to run faster. He needed to get away, he needed to save himself from whatever was going to happen. If he was caught, he was dead, no questions asked. He needed to get away before anything else happened. Peter pressed forward, spells hitting the ground next to him, chunks of rock hitting his body. Blood dripping down his arms, mixing with the dirt and blood of the muggles falling around him.

Peter turned around, firing two more spells, the two more powerful ones he had on the top of his mind without batting an eyelash. No one ever expected him to be this strong. In fact, people always thought he was one of the weaker ones in school where really, they just never paid attention to him. If they saw his course work, his dueling skills, they’d realize how strong he really was. He hadn’t died yet and there was a reason for that. There was no such thing as good luck in Peter’s eyes. Whoever lasted long did it because of their skills and knowledge. There was no luck needed. 

In a moment, everything slowed down. Peter stopped in his tracks, looking back at what had happened. Amidst the fire fight, the ground was destroyed from the spells, a building was on fire. Dead scattered the ground blood was everywhere. The sound of crying hit his ears hard and Peter choked back a sob. He never wanted this to happen, in fact, this was exactly the opposite of what he wanted to happen. He was supposed to be back at home with Vi and Avery. Avery was about to go down to sleep and Peter and Vi were going to curl up on the couch together, mutter to each other, tell stories and jokes, make them forget about the world around them. 

It wasn’t going to happen because as quickly as everything slowed down, it sped back up. Peter was hit in the shoulder with a spell causing him to gasp and stumble backwards. Blood dripped from his arm and only one thing crept into his mind.


I need to die. 


The thought had never crept into his mind before this. In fact, why hadn’t he thought of this sooner? Peter felt another spell hit him, and then another and he fell to the ground. It was over. He knew it was. Death was coming but the fear scared him almost as much as getting caught. If he was caught then he’d be interrogated, asked questions he didn’t know the answers to anymore. Did he ever know the answers to the questions? Or was he really the stupid boy everyone said he was?

Pulling the switchblade from his pocket, Peter flipped the blade open. He could hear his father’s words echoing in his mind. "Muggles use these, your mother had one. It’ll help you in situations where magic can’t help you. Use it well, son, because someday it might save your life." 

"I’m sorry, so sorry," Peter muttered as the knife was pressed to his finger. He cried out, the blade breaking his skin, cutting to the bone. He didn’t know if he could finish it. The pain was too much, causing nausea to roll over him. Peter swallowed to keep his food down. The last thing he needed was the food showing back up. Closing his eyes, Peter pressed down further on the knife, biting his lip to keep himself from crying out. Blood ran down his chin mixing with the blood that was pooling around his hand. As soon as the deed was done, Peter closed the knife and stuck it in his pocket along with his wand