mind considering this last point, staring into the middle distance for a moment to reflect on what she'd said.

"I know what you mean. We hardly get a break with the team. It's what I've always aimed for and now it's tough."

As they discussed their careers, the two women slipped into a more relaxed state. Laughing at something else, Ginny turned away, a wry smile curving the end of her mouth.

"You know, the funny thing about this whole curse business?"

Hermione tensed again a bit, arching her back. "Well, if it weren't Christmas Eve the whole thing would be over by now anyhow. Really it's preposterous that Dr. Acharya is the only one at St. Mungo's who can do the counter curse and he's on holiday…"

"No, no," Ginny shook her head still smiling. "The funniest thing about this curse is how much time the boys will be spending alone."

Hermione, cocked her head, locking eyes with her sister-in-law, "You mean?"

Ginny's grin spread.

Hermione giggled and a soft, whimsical smile spread across her face as well.

----

The day was uneventful.

Though they'd evidently slept in the same bed the night before, because of the trauma and fatigue of the battle Harry hadn't remembered this part. He didn't linger on the awkwardness as they stripped off and pulled back the covers on Ron's bed, the moment that brought them back to childhood and long visits to the Burrow.

After eggnog was drunk, and wizarding carols sung; after toddlers were sent off to bed, and their gifts wrapped and placed under the tree; after the two men kissed their wives goodnight, they tiredly and awkwardly trooped up the stairs to Ron's old room.

As they prepared for sleep, conversation broke off between the two. It was a testament to their friendship that this awkwardness could be sublimated under the decades of familiarity they had between them. It wasn't uncomfortable. Not really, but it was strange. Since their weddings, since the night before Ron and Hermione's to be precise, they hadn't spent a night together. And they never talked about any of the things they had done together in their youth. That was all ancient history now, and anyway it didn't really mean anything.

As they lay stark still on the very sides of the bed as far apart as they could possibly be, they tried not to pay attention to one another, but threading between them under the quilts, their arms still connected them to one another. Ron's hand began to slick with sweat. Harry breathed deeply.

Both boys lay in silence, staring up at the ceiling, each hoping the other was not as aware of the silence as he was.

Eventually Ron cleared his throat.

"What is it?" Harry asked.

"Oh. Nothing."

"Oh."

"I was just thinking…" In Harry's mind he heard his companion finishing this statement with fond memories, youthful indiscretions or moments of calm between storms, but what was actually said was, "…about how I've been so worn out all day, but now that I'm lying here, I can't sleep at all."

Harry didn't know what to say. Unthinking, he flipped onto his side, facing away from the center of the bed and in so doing, pulled Ron's body lurchingly towards him. But even as Harry started to apologize, Ron shushed him. He didn't move away. And after a few long empty moments, the taller boy reached around and wrapped his frame around Harry, pulling him in to be his small spoon.

As they settled into the embrace, Ron's wet lips caressed Harry's neck. Though it had been unintentional, Ron pursed and gave the hair-lined nape of skin a gentle kiss. Harry could see in his mind's eye his best friend's freckled face brought into sharp contrast against his unbroken whiteness.

Ron's still more muscular arms enveloped Harry ending with their free hands clasping tightly together.

He was also becoming aware of Ron's long thick penis, stiff in his boxers and poking at his fleshy bottom. There was the smallest moment in which this point of contact threatened to spark a tension that would take them in another direction entirely, but the collective release of the social tension and the relief of once again finding themselves in this most comfortable and comforting position soon sent both men off to sleep.

----

On Christmas morning, the two woke up sweaty and spooning. One of many holidays spent at the Burrow, this felt not unfamiliar. They got dressed in silence, but this time it was unstrained, not awkward. And even their awareness and consideration of the one attached to them became easier, more natural.

They had Christmas morning with the whole family, replete with Weasley sweaters, coffee, toy brooms, and the shining faces of the youngest children, including Teddy Lupin, who joined them as usual for