until a few days after Albus’s fifteenth birthday that James was excessively mushy again.  He was out after curfew, as usual, and he was sneaking down one of the many deserted corridors under his father’s invisibility cloak.

     As he came to a corner, he heard the sound of someone crying.  It sounded like a boy.  Quietly as he could, he turned the corner with the intention of sneaking past the person.  He was going to get to the kitchens tonight, damn it!  At least, he was going to get to the kitchens until he realized that it was Albus, who was sitting on one of the benches in front of one of the windows, who was crying.  Sobbing, really.

     James knew that his younger brother had grown to be a good looking young man in the past few years (Albus insisted that James had as well).  If any one of the younger Potter’s admirers (and he had nearly as many as James did) saw him now, they would go crazy.  But James knew that he was one of the few people who would actually stop to comfort the boy.  Despite his progress, Albus still wasn’t the most sociable person.

     James decided that Albus needed him more than his stomach’s rumbling for food.  Quickly taking off the invisibility cloak, James carefully sat down close to his brother and brought the black-haired boy into a tight hug.  He didn’t say anything.  He didn’t ask what was wrong.  He just hugged him, knowing that Albus would understand that James was there for him, no matter what was wrong.  Albus fell into his chest and tears continued to fall.

     After a few very long minutes, the younger boy began to quiet down.

     “Thanks,” Albus muttered after a little while.

     “Of course, little bro,” James said quietly.  “Now come on, I’m hungry.”

     Albus gave a weak smile, and the two were quickly under the invisibility cloak heading down to the kitchens.

     A few days later, on Saturday, Albus pulled James aside after breakfast.

     “I just wanted to explain what happened a few nights ago,” Albus said when he was sure nobody was around to hear.

     “You really don’t have to,” James replied.

     “No, you deserve to hear,” Albus insisted.  “I’m… well… I like… boys.”

     James just blinked.  “And you had a small meltdown because of that?”

     Albus looked had him, confusion evident on his face.  “But… think about what will happen when the press finds out!  You’re the only person I’ve told, but I’m sure somehow everybody will find out before I’m ready!  What will it do to Dad’s reputation?  He can’t have a gay kid!  He won’t be able to look at me!”

     “Albus!  Slow down,” James said, holding his brother’s shoulders reassuringly.  “You know Dad won’t care.  Mum and Lily won’t care.  And I most certainly do not care.  Screw what other people think.  All that matters is that you’re happy.”

     James gave Albus a large grin, and Albus nervously smiled back.

     “I… just want to keep this quiet for now, okay?” Albus asked.

     “Of course.  I would like to meet your boyfriend if and when you get one, though,” James replied.

     Albus looked a bit guilty.  “Um… well…”

     James sighed.  “Let me guess: you already have one.”

     Albus nodded.  “We got together earlier that day, and it just scared me.  We’re alright now, though.”

     “Do I get to know who it is?” James asked in a teasing voice.

     “Please don’t make fun of me,” said Albus.  “It’s Elliot Cooper.”

     “The Hufflepuff prefect?”

     Albus nodded, and James pictured the boy in his head.  Elliot was in Albus’s year.  With blonde hair, blue eyes, and fair skin, James had to admit that Cooper was a decent looking guy.  And James knew that he was a true Hufflepuff, so the ginger knew he couldn’t think of a better first boyfriend for his little brother.

     “Well, I can wait to officially meet him,” James said.

     Albus only smiled.

     It was later that day, and James was sitting alone under a tree near the Great Lake, attempting to look deep and mysterious, but really just looking a bit like an idiot.  He thought he was alone until he looked along the shore of the lake to see Albus and Elliot walking along the shore.  They weren’t doing anything obvious that would have given them away, but since James was in on the little secret, he picked up on a few things.  When they brushed shoulders or hands from time to time, they would blush and look at each other shyly.  They could barely keep their eyes off of each other.  At one point, Albus was blatantly staring at his boyfriend’s bum, and when Elliot caught him