and Snape looked hopefully between Sirius and the parachute sitting next to the balustrade.

“Well?” Snape prompted some minutes later. “Are you jumping or not?”

“Not,” Sirius sneered, walking away. Silently, Remus cheered inside his head and renewed his faith in divine intervention.

-x-

The next morning, Remus was dismayed to find the Great Hall covered in banners and propaganda. Above the Slytherin table there was a poster that read (in garishly bright red and gold lettering, mind you) ‘The Amazing Sirius Black Flies Without Broom’. Below that, there was a table.

Sitting at that table was Snape. Upon closer inspection, Remus noted that that traitor—Lily—was right next to him. Remus groaned, rubbed furiously at his eyes, and prayed that everyone else would sleep in today.

“What’s the meaning of this?” Remus asked, walking up to the table and doing his very best to look like a stern and rule-abiding prefect. Snape, who was grinning wickedly and chatting with Lily, looked up and sneered. “What are you doing?”

“Advertising.”

Remus waited.

Snape did not continue.

“Lily?” Remus asked pleadingly.

She gave him a warm smile. “I think it’s a fantastic idea, Remus, really,” she said, patting Snivellus on the back. “Sirius and Severus have come up with a great idea to raise funds for the ‘Unfortunate Muggle Accidents’ ward at St. Mungo’s.”

Remus gave her an incredulous look. 

She didn’t notice.

Lily tossed her hair behind her shoulder and continued, “Don’t you think it’s fantastic? St. Mungo’s has so little information on treating muggle accidents, so Sirius is going to parachute off the North Tower to raise money for their research. Severus has thoughtfully volunteered to sell tickets.”

“How kind of him,” Remus said flatly, glaring at Snivellus. Snivellus smiled back at him innocently.

“Are you coming, Wolf?” he asked. “It’ll be two-galleons. One-hundred-percent of proceeds go to the ward, of course. A very worthy cause, wouldn’t you say?”

Remus would not. 

But he bought a ticket anyway.

-x-

Sirius was in the shower when Remus returned to the dorms. “Padfoot, we have a problem,” Remus said plaintively. He’d pulled the shower curtain back and was trying to stare at his boyfriend in an austere, grave sort of way, but the effect was ruined because Sirius’ eyes were scrunched closed and his hands were furiously scrubbing the shampoo through his dark hair. There were some soap suds on the rest of his body, but nothing sufficient enough to cover the still present morning wood.

Remus swallowed, and reinforced his serious expression.

“What?” Sirius asked, opening one eye even with the threat of soap suds only inches away. “I’m in the shower if you hadn’t noticed, Moony,” he said, exasperated. “It’s not exactly the time for a serious chat. I swear, if you’re trying to break up with me again, at least let me get dressed first so that I can out-smart you with clothes on.”

Padfoot’s hands were on his hips by now and his hair was sticking up with the help of the shampoo. He glared challengingly at Remus and waited. “Well?” he asked. Remus swallowed again.

“Snape…” he faltered. Sirius had grown impatient with him and was currently tipping his head back under the spray of the shower. Streams of water ran over his face, down his throat in shimmering rivulets and settled in the curls of hair further below. 

“Snape what?” Sirius asked suspiciously, opening his eyes again to stare at Remus. “If you’re leaving me for Snape of all people I’ll have your guts for garters.”

Remus took a moment to consider the probability of that accusation and then shook it off. To date, he’d tried to break up with Sirius no less than fourteen times, and they’d only been dating a year. Somehow, Sirius always managed to talk him out of it. He’d never been bothered by Remus’ attempts to call it off. Remus suspected that it might be because Sirius didn’t think he had the guts to do it.

He was right.

Every time Sirius did something stupid and Remus tried to have the ‘I don’t think this is working’ conversation, Sirius would always remind him why it was working. Remus frowned. Sirius was usually right about that, too.

Why couldn’t Sirius ever be right about something important?

“No,” Remus finally said, with more than a fair amount of disgust laced into the word. “I meant that Snape’s up to something.”

Sirius scoffed, lathering up a washcloth and running it over his chest. Remus couldn’t help watching. He licked his lips. “When’s Snape not up to something?” Sirius asked.

“That’s a fair point,” Remus