get the words up. “I’ll be in my office,” says Fievel. “Big clusterfuck with the Turkish Ministry. Would tell you more, but it’s Burnt Orange clearance level. Oh, forgot to mention, you’re also on coffee, lunch, and morning za’atar croissant duty for the office this week. It’s part of standard new transfer hazing.”

Her door shuts before she’s even finished with the last word, leaving Harry standing amid a terrifyingly unstable mountain range of backed-up files. He hates paperwork; it was always more Malfoy’s thing, but Harry will be damned before he lets that stop him. He needs this pissant job; he needs it because it’s the only place he can reach his partner. 

So he picks up the stack of files from his desk chair, sits down on the floor to lean against the desk, and begins to tag and sort everything. A lot of them aren’t written in English, so he has to put the fucking translation spell back on, which of course gives him a headache, but despite all that, or maybe because of it since Harry will admit, if only to himself, that he works well under a strong sense of martyrdom, he manages to clear the chair and the desk by noon. He would keep working, in fact, if it isn’t for the disgruntled yelling in the office.

“Mais putain, où est le repas?! On n'a déjà pas eu de croissants za'atar au p'tit dèj ce matin et maintenant il est midi et il n'y a aucun putain de repas sur mon bureau!”

Which echoes in Harry’s head in a tinny voice: ‘But [unknown word], where is the food? There has already been no za'atar croissants at my breakfast this morning and now it is noon and there is no [unknown word] meal on my desk.’

“Potter!” comes Fievel’s voice. 

Groaning—or trying to—Harry peers over the desk, and finds himself staring at four irritable Embassy Aurors and Fievel’s weary face. She looks like she’s been running on hopes and Every Flavour Beans for about five days. He lifts his eyebrows in what he hopes is a friendly query and not a sarcastic-looking gesture. One of the Aurors narrows his eyes at it, and Harry points to his throat just to be safe. He’s got the look of a man who wants to fight and Harry suspects he’s the French yeller. Seeing the scar seems to appease him, which Harry refuses to think about.

“Potter, I told you you’re on lunch duty,” says Fievel. “What are you doing on the floor?”

Harry extends his arm in a gesture he hopes will encompass the entire fucking mess of old file folders they’ve had sitting around for who knows how long. 

“Well, take a break and get us all lunch. We like the shawarma from the Muggle woman with the blue cart, and pick up a few of those bread baskets from the magical man on the bicycle since we didn’t get croissants this morning.”

“I want clams on a stick,” says a young female Auror. “And a stick of scorpions, too. Here, I’ll give you gold for those. A wizard with a baby Manticore sells them near the docks.” She passes him a handful of knuts and sickles and then wanders away. Everyone else seems okay with the shawarma, whatever the fuck that is, but Fievel gives him a list, and it’s in English, so he will persevere.

He’s still not comfortable working with Lebanese pounds, so by the time he figures out the cost of the shawarmas, does the math in his head, and tries vainly to mentally convert it to galleons so he can tell if he’s getting buggered or not, the Muggle woman is well frustrated. She holds up four fingers and points to one coin, then holds up 3 fingers and points to another coin. He doesn’t even care at this point, and hands it over without argument. Next he looks for a wizard on a bike; it, unsurprisingly, isn’t hard to find. From him he purchases some bread hanging from hooks on his bicycle and is grateful that the exchange happens over sickles. 

It’s been a hell of a long time since Harry’s seen a Manticore, but he recognises the little beast as soon as he nears the docks. It’s running happily back and forth, feelers waving as it weaves around the feet of passing Muggles. Judging by the Glamour Harry can see shimmering around it, he’s been cleverly disguised as a Basenji, but to Harry they will always look like those Warlock pets from that time he played World of Warcraft. Felhunters were the reason Harry picked that class, and he’s wanted a pet Manticore ever since, but of course he’s not that big an idiot.

Still, he stops and bends to pet the Manticore as he nears the man selling