you sleeping in my bed whether I'm home or not. People will talk. No they won't, we'll tell people you're my new apprentice since everyone that will bother looking twice are the ones that will ask where Jimmy is."

The lift chimed as they reached their floor, and Draco stepped out of it Hermione right behind him. He fished a key card from his pocket and opened the door motioning her in.

As she took in the rooms contents, 2 full-size beds  a television, bureau, desk and mini-fridge Draco smirked."And finally Granger, there are 2 beds."

***********

Sitting across from Hermione in a Canadian steak house, sharing a meal preparing for an extremely busy 4 days of tattooing and interviews was something Draco Malfoy would have never imagined happening to him in his life.

Yet here he was, tucking into a steak, enjoying the company of the woman whose child hood he'd helped make hell. He'd apologized, she'd accepted and in the past four months since she'd come back into his life there had been only a handful of days that the two hadn't seen each other. 

As he chewed, he realized they had been sitting in a comfortable silence for the last several minutes. He was completely at ease with her, and applying his vow of honesty to himself he admitted, internally, that he was never as relaxed as when Hermione was with him. 

He cleared his throat, and spoke, determined to initiate a conversation. He enjoyed the silence they shared, but at the moment he wanted to hear her speak, and help himself learn more about her life in the past 8 years.

"So Granger, am I allowed to ask about your other clients?"

She offered a close mouthed smile at his question, her mouth full of chicken salad.

"I can't say much, but a I can answer a little."

"Anyone interesting?"

She sipped her drink, and nodded. "Yes. You know I worried with Cissy, and my assignment before you was Greg."

Draco nodded. "Goyle is a good man. I wish I'd have treated him differently as a kid. Brilliant baker."

"He is." Hermione nodded. "I was very happy to be able to get his wand returned early. Has he come to visit past the occasional cookie shipment?"

"No. I think I'd like to go visit him in June, if I get my wand back." Draco replied. "I know mother and Goyle were successful. Any...less than successful clients?"

Hermione frowned slightly. "I'm lucky. I've only had one assignment that had to be escalated."

Draco quirked an eyebrow. "Who?"

"Walden Macnair." Hermione said taking another bite of her salad.

"That man is a right bastard." Draco muttered. "I never thought he was really into blood purity, I think he more just wanted an excuse to hurt people."

"I'm inclined to agree with you."

"That bad?"

Hermione nodded. "Dead of winter I had to take a half hour drive to his cabin, he opens the door says 'Oh, they sent you. Fuck off mudblood.' And slammed the door. I tried two more times and on the third visit he pulled a gun on me."

"Told me that neither my help nor my presence would ever be needed on his door, and if I came again he'd already begun digging the whole he would bury me in."

Noticing Draco's eyes widen with anger she held up a hand. "I reported back to Kingsley, and you'll be happy to know that he is sitting in a cell on Azkaban island."

Draco's jaw tensed, and he nodded. "Should have been there in the first place."

******************

Hermione while the next morning warm, and comfortable, awoken not by her alarm but the sound of Draco singing. Opening her eyes a slightly as possible to look as if she were still asleep, her eyes locked on Draco standing shirtless in front of the bureau, preparing his kit.

She recognized the song he was voicing quietly, so as not to wake her and she had to stifle a giggle.

"You're so good...
Baby there ain't nobody better
So you should
Never, ever go by the letter
You're so cool
Everything you do is success
Make the rules
Then break them all 'cause you are the best

"I don't know about the best, but I don't mind waking to you singing." Hermione said, voice heavy with sleep, causing Draco to startle and turn quickly.

He blushed slightly and smiled at her.

"Sorry Granger. Pre-show ritual. Prince and Making sure all my tools are together properly." 

"How come you've never let me see your back Draco?"

"What?" Draco gasped. "What brought that on?"

Hermione sat up stretching, the oversized Gryffindor quidditch jersey she had stolen from Harry years ago falling off of her shoulder.

"I've seen most of