was boring and I lost my passion in it. My dislike towards my students intensified. I loved potions but hated teaching. It was bad.” Snape winced. “But if I didn’t teach, what else I would do? I have a child to care. I can’t just be selfish. I was glad the boredom was gone in a couple of days.”

                Sirius chuckled.

                “Glad you’re happy to hear my down story,” Snape dryly commented. He put his hands in his pockets. He frowned when his left hand found something. Without giving much thought, he took it out and slid it to Sirius’s saucer. “Take this.”

                “A candy?” Sirius raised an eyebrow. “You keep candies everywhere?”

                “No. I confiscated that one from a student,” Snape explained.

                Sirius observed the candy. “It’s small. The wrapping is funny.”

                “No wonder. It looks cheap. The student was a Muggleborn. She bought it near her house, I presume. I confiscated a bag of candies,” Snape told him.

                “That’s a lot,” Sirius commented. He snickered cheekily.

                “She was eating during my class. Brainless, she is. So I asked her to give all candies she had in her bag.” Snape had taken one out and put it in his pocket. He had forgotten he had it there, until just moments ago. “Thank goodness I had a piece of candy in my pocket. It makes you amused,” he flatly said.

                Sirius laughed.

                Snape noticed the animagi wasn’t gloomy again. He thought Sirius looked much nicer with his shoulder shaking and his laughing face.

                Sirius gasped when he looked at the other side of the wrapping. “Be Mine?” he stated, his tone raising.

                “What?” Snape barked.

                “You asked me to be your boyfriend.”

                “Don’t be ridiculous! I never did such a thing.”

                “Here, look at this.”

                Reluctantly Snape looked at the writing Sirius was pointing. His eyes widened considerably. ‘Be Mine’ was innocently written there.

                “I didn’t know it,” Snape muttered immediately.

                “Muggles can be creative, I see.” Sirius grinned.

                Snape indeed didn’t believe it. “Did you charm it while I wasn’t looking?” he asked suspiciously.

                Sirius rolled his eyes. “I’ve been talking to you. Besides, I can’t charm things without my wand.”

                “With wandless magic?”

                “Only Remus is wickedly good at that.”

                They argued. When Sirius playfully mentioned he didn’t know that Snape secretly harbored romantic feelings for him, Snape had it enough. He Accio-ed the remaining candies in the bag.

                The Potions Master gazed at the candies on the table in horror. He eyed them wildly.

                “It’s wicked!” Sirius exclaimed.

                Sirius didn’t lie. Each candy had unique saying. I miss you, good night, sweet dream, sleep tight, I love you, even kiss me and I’m not ready.

                 “Merlin!” Snape was speechless. After securely confiscating the bag full of candies, Snape hadn’t even spared a glance at the sweet. Had he known what were written on them, he wouldn’t have given one to Sirius.

                “Muggles are amazing,” Sirius chuckled. He read each of them excitedly.

                “Wizarding sweets are more fabulous,” Snape refuted. “Forget it, Black. Give it back!”

                Sirius refused to give the candy back. “No. I like it. It’s memorable, you know, as a part of the beginning of our relationship.”

                “What relationship! You’re mental!”

                “Do you want it back?”

                “Yes!” Snape growled.

                “Will you Incendio it?”

                “Of course!”

                “On the spot?”

                “Absolutely!”

                “Be mine?”

                “Yes! What? No!”

                “Aha! You agreed.”

                “You tricked me, Black!”

                “Doesn’t matter how. The point is you agreed.”

                Sirius quickly put the candy in his pocket so Snape couldn’t reach it.

                They didn’t realize the door to the quarters was opened. Harry entered, followed by Lupin and his son. They went straight to the kitchen. Strange noises piqued their curiosity. They saw Snape and Sirius were arguing over something, candies spread on the table.

                “What happened?” Lupin asked.

                Sirius perked. “Severus just asked me to be his boyfriend,” he answered. Large grin on his face.

                Snape glowered. “Don’t call me ‘Severus’!” he sternly said.

                “And I asked him to be mine. Severus said yes,” Sirius continued, ignoring Snape’s protest.

                Lupin didn’t understand much, what with Snape denied every word Sirius said, and Sirius told them they asked each other out. But he was glad his best friend didn’t look pale and gloomy again. Sirius howling laughter made him relieved.

                Harry clapped his small hands, delighted. “Great! Now Daddy has a boyfriend. My life plan comes true