that. Being with Lily is a good way to forget. You would never want to talk to her about your work. You want her to keep looking at you like she is now, now that you dare to glance at her, like you are as sweet as the ice cream, sweeter.

"Alice, Alice in Wonderland," she says, putting the bowl aside and leaning forward to put her hands on your shoulders. "What's wrong?" She always used to call you that, Alice in Wonderland, it's some Muggle thing and you still don't understand. She showed you a picture once, a drawing of a blonde girl in a blue dress and a purple cat with a big grin on a tree branch above her. It didn't make any sense, but it made you happy when Lily stood beside you, looking down at the picture and sighing as she recalled how much she loved that story as a little girl.

"Nothing's wrong," you say. She's wearing her Muggle clothes. She does that sometimes. Tonight it's a blue skirt that stops right below her knees and a thin blue shirt that clings to her body, her breasts. You understand the message when she pulls her skirt up over her knees and slides back a bit on the counter, her thighs parting. You wonder if when you look up to her face, you'll see that same small smile of invitation she wore back then, when you were together at Hogwart's. You know she's probably remembering, just like you are. Back then she sat on the edge of your bed, opening up the skirt of her dress, displaying it to you. It was ruby red and pleated and cut like this one, just below her knees, framing the soft curves at the back of her calves, the sharp line of the shin bone bisecting each leg. Velvet ribbons were tied in a bow around her waist, cinching it tight and making her a perfect hourglass, her shoulders as wide as her hips. Her hands slowly stroked down the dress. "It's so soft, Alice, come touch." You walked towards her when she said that, and as you stood in front of her she took your hand and pressed it against her chest. The fabric was soft, as she said, and you slid your hand all the way down the dress, down her body, to grab her inner thigh, right above her knee. She pressed her thighs together, as if hoping to trap your hand. She tilted her head up to you. She said, "you'll kiss me, won't you, Alice?"

Tonight she says, "what is it? Am I not pretty anymore? Don't you want to look at me?" She's teasing you.

You don't raise your eyes. You just rest your fingertips against her knees. There's a scar on the left one, a little dimple, like maybe she fell on gravel, once. You bend your head down to kiss it, to touch your tongue to the indentation. Her hands come down and tangle in what's left of your hair. It was long, but you keep it short now because it's easier. It's never in your face, and if a battle is unexpected, that's crucial. Now that one of her hands is stroking the nape of your neck, you could almost be glad it's shorter.

"Alice," she whispers, and there's a pain in her voice that makes you raise your head to look at her. She's flushed already, and her lips are parted, her teeth biting down on the pink flesh of her mouth. You've tried not to think of this, of what it was like with her, back then. You remember, of course you do, but you've tried to put all your good memories away, just for now. You tell yourself that when the war is over, you'll unpack them, enjoy them again, but for now, you don't let yourself look at them. You don't want to spoil them by looking at them with hateful eyes. "Alice," she says again, and you wish she'd stop saying your name, you wish she hadn't come here. "Alice," her fingers brush across your cheek, "Alice, don't cry." You hadn't realized you were. You turn your head away as you wipe at your face with the heel of your palm. When was the last time? There is no space for mourning. They announce the casualties and then send you out on your mission, often times with not even a moment to grieve. At first you thought it was better that way. You're strong, you can take it, just keep working, keep going, you'll be able to put it out of your mind. Except you can't, of course. It's here, with you, whenever you have