in the order it presented itself instead of thinking it through.

"Well I sort of thought of it after you passed out, but you were is such a rush, with the extra power and wanting to get it done." Floran answered back, just as her stomach growled again, and she was sure she heard Harry's do the same as she looked at him.

In fact she had heard his stomach growl almost in response to hers, "Right, ok let's stop this conversation for now, we need to get to Gringotts, we need to get something to eat, and of course we need to let everyone know we are back... Actually we need to let them know I'm back... I would rather let them think Fawkes died saving me, so Albus does not try anything with you... Did you think of a name when I was passed out?" Harry asked calmly trying to bring the conversation back under control, "and why can't you go by Floran?" asking as an afterthought as he had never heard the answer.

"No I was too worried about you to think up on, and to answer your question, phoenixes do not go by their real names, even with companions in this realm, so that when we pass on and return home, no one can try to summon us back from the realm." Floran explained.

"That makes sense, can you think how many people would have tried to summon Chimedis if they would have know that Archimedes was actually a phoenix.." Harry responded.

"Yeah, he has mentioned that several times as phoenixes left to visit different realm.  You will need to work a name out for your phoenix form, that is if you have one." Floran answered back.

"Right well I guess we can figure that out right now.  Let's see, if I focus on the memory of how you felt changing back from being human the first time, and try to picture my phoenix form, I should be able to ....." Harry is cut off as a tone of phoenix song ends his statement as Floran whipped her head up to look back in Harry's direction, only to find what had to be the largest phoenix she had ever seen, and then she stopped and her mouth dropped open in shock.

'Harry, it that you?   Of course it's you who else would it be' Floran sent.

'Yeah, hold on a second, let's see if I can reverse this.' and as he sent that, the phoenix form reshaped into Harry Potter.  "Well, how did I look?"  Harry asks, as if this was something he did every day.

"Ah Harry you might want to conjure a mirror and look for yourself, as I have something I want to explain to you about your form." Floran stated with her voice still full of awe.

"Okay, is this something bad?" Harry asked as he waved his hand and a full size mirror appears.

"No, not bad exactly,  just surprising, and you will want to make that mirror wider." Floran stated.

"Alright, now you have me curious." doubling the mirror width at the same time as he retook his phoenix form, and looked in the mirror, shocked at what he was seeing.  A white phoenix easily twice the size of Sorlan, with blue/green tipped wings, and a band of red/orange feathers around his neck about three inches thick was looking back at him. 'Wow, now that is impressive.' he thought to himself and then turned to Floran, 'Okay now please explain.' he sent.

Still in shock Floran walked next to Harry and started, 'First you are the largest phoenix I ever heard of, my father was said to be one of the largest in phoenix history and you are at least twice the size of him, the blue and green tips to you wings denotes you as a grand phoenix, which is supposed to be another legend, as our history states the very first phoenix had these markings, be none since.  And finally this band of feathers her, as she pointed to the red feathers, these denote leadership, and the orange feathers denote you are bonded.  If and when you go back to the realm you would be offered fathers place as head of the council.  Boy is he going to be glad he did not give you too hard a time when he finds out.  Of course this also explains how you where able to master all  of the phoenix abilities so well.' Floran explained

'Great another group of beings that will bow to me for something I did not do.  If the wizarding world was not bad enough.   Now if I have the orange feather ring to denote our bonding, does that mean your coat has changed as well?' Harry asked back.

'I don't know I have not changed in to my phoenix form since we got back and completed the bonding.  I looked normal before, let's find out.' Floran answered as she changed form, but when she looked back into the mirror she was shock to find her coat had changed to white,