corner, a table and two chairs sat in the center of the room, a couch was shoved against one of the walls, and another wall was lined with shelves which had dozens of books and bits strewn across them. On the side of the room with the shelves was a door that stood open to what looked like a workshop, the opposite side had two closed doors and when she glanced behind her she there was a door to the bathroom. Almost every wall had windows.

“It’s nice.” Angelina said as she turned a slow circle to take it all in.

“We…” George trailed off and took a breath before continuing. “We were going to throw a party, invite everyone you know? Once it was all over…”

“Still can, if you want.” Angelina set her bag on the table. “You’d need a few more chairs but I can think of a handful of people right off the top of my head for your guest list.”

He paused, as though waiting for someone to speak, before running a hand through his hair. “It doesn’t feel like it’s over.”

“You haven’t been out there.” Angelina gestured towards the nearest window with the cup she’d pulled out of the cupboard.

“Fill me in?” He opened the fire whiskey she’d brought and poured it into the cups as she set them down.

“The ministry put out a call for aurors, anyone who was in the DA gets a free pass in regardless of OWLs or NEWTs.” Angelina started and took a swig of the whiskey. “They’re considering the last two years sufficient resume.”

“Those kids have more field practice than most adults.” George said quietly, clearly thinking about something in particular but Angelina didn’t press.

“Hogwarts is back to the best condition McGonagall can make it and she’s sent out letters, everyone who was a seventh year last year is welcome to full marks on any NEWTs they’d have been taking.” Angelina continued with a nod. “Only about half the seventh years took her up on the offer, the rest seem to want to redo the year anyway.”

“Nutters.” George let out a noise that was almost a chuckle and Angelina counted it as a victory.

“Yeah, I’d have taken the offer myself but not everyone is as clever as we are.”

“What about you?” He asked after a beat or two of quiet. “What are your plans? Now that the war’s over?”

“Honestly? I debated taking up the ministry’s offer of an auror position.” She shrugged looking up at the roof, it had been a long debate with herself on that one. “Turns out I’m not much of a hero though, I think I’ll try out for the England league quidditch teams, I’ve always preferred flying to anything else.”

“One of the best chasers we ever had.” George nodded standing up for a moment and coming back with bowls. As he pulled the carton out of the bag he grinned. “Oooh, you brought the good stuff.”

“That I did.” Angelina grinned at him topping off his glass as well as her own while he scooped the ice cream into two bowls. “What about you? Business picking up?”

“Yeah, Ron and Ginny have been helping out a lot.” George glanced towards the stairs with a sort of frown. “Ginny’s got a knack for making the stuff and Ron’s good with the customers. I’ve banned Harry from the storefront though, kid can’t turn around without someone trying to get his signature.”

“What about that girl that always hung around them? Herio-something, the smart one.” Angelina gestured with her spoon.

“She’s started muggle collage half a semester early because apparently she lost her mind.” George shook his head with a snort. “I’d end up with more notes in my stockroom than stock if I let her try and help. Besides she’s always on about something, creature rights or freedom.”

“Like that campaign she had in school, gods what was it.” Angelina stuck some ice cream in her mouth while she thought about it, it felt like decades ago that the girl with bushy hair had cornered her on the way into the common room with pamphlets and buttons. “Something about house-elf freedom.”

“S.P.E.W.” George nodded finishing his ice cream and scooping some more out. “Exactly like that.”

Which is when Angelina caught sight of the large pile inside the workshop. She pointed towards it with her spoon. “Your workroom is a mess.”

“Ah…” George drained his cup of fire whiskey before answering. “That’s all… That’s what Charlie could save from our room, from mum’s place. Death Eaters tried to burn it to the ground. It didn’t take.”

“Come on.” Angelina grabbed the bottle of firewhiskey in one hand and George’s wrist in the other, he grabbed