meals and taking his potions, reading his books as though he were alone. It was frustrating that only a few hours ago that had been a wonderful thing. Now he was and wasn't. The beast inside was slowly waking again and he feared that this would be the rest of his life. One night of glory, one night of horror, and all the rest in shadow.

It was no way to live.

And as disgusting as it was, he missed the comfort of Harry's presence.

It was worse when he could feel Harry pressing against the wards, trying to get through to talk to him, maybe even touch him again. But no kissing. Or whatever else he might be thinking of doing.

Draco wouldn't mind being touched again.

. 

Whatever she set up during the day was taken down again at night. Draco appreciated being able to use the loo without losing a leg. He appreciated it more that Harry respected the boundary of his curtains when he came every night after curfew.

He could smell the familiar scent of the other boy through the heavy brocade and it made him wish he were different. That 6th year had been different and maybe now it wouldn't be so complicated.

Except they wouldn't be where they were now if it were different.

Draco forced himself to ignore the feel and scent of Harry only a few feet away, pretend he couldn't hear the other boy talking and apologising.

But Harry's words reached him whether Draco meant to pay attention to them or not. Maybe even better because he didn't want to be effected by them. Draco listened in growing remorse, wishing he had at least let the brunet explain himself rather than running away from the situation.

Even with that realisation weighing on him, it was another two days before Draco could act on his guilt.

“Harry,” he called softly, waiting for the other boy to duck his head through the curtain before reaching out for him.

Harry took his hand cautiously, lacing their fingers together before settling on the bed beside Draco.

The Gryffindor could only stand the silence for so long before he had to try and apologise or explain again.

Draco smiled, tightening his fingers around Harry's. “I know, I heard before. And me too. I shouldn't have...” he looked down at their joined hands, choosing different words. “I shouldn't have taken so long to let you in again. It just...” he swallowed loudly. “I can feel it,” he whispered, gesturing to his chest. “I can feel the monster rising again and I want...”

He looked at Harry sadly, “I can't...what you want, but will you let me try something different?”

Harry frowned but nodded and Draco swung his legs across Harry's lap carefully. It gave him the illusion of sitting in the other boy's lap without the actual awkward sexuality of it. Draco pressed himself against Harry's chest quietly, wrapping himself in warmth and safety.

Thick fingers combed through his hair the same way Pansy's used to, sliding down the same trail over and over. It took a few minutes for Draco to realize what path Harry's fingertips were following.

“There are more,” he whispered, clenching his free hand.

“What are they?” Harry asked, spreading his fingers.

Draco released his other hand, taking both and pressing each finger in the proper place. “He became quite skilled with healing charms. I just couldn't ever find enough dittany.”

Harry's brows furrowed, his fingers following the long scars on Draco's scalp until the blond couldn't take it anymore and pulled his hands away.

“Mother always liked my hair longer anyway,” Draco whispered, forcing a smile. “Now Father will have to let her have her way.”

“If I can ever go home again,” he gasped, tightening his arms around Harry's neck and pulling himself closer. “But they can't ever know. The bite is bad enough. Everything else...” Draco shook his head, rubbing his cheek against the soft cotton of Harry's shirt.

Harry's arms tightened around his waist, holding him closer to the warmth the blond had been missing.

Draco squirmed closer still, pressing himself further into Harry's safe heat. It was uncomfortable, he pressed against Harry in strange places, but the Gryffindor didn't stop touching him. Gentle fingers slid over the bumps of his spine, catching and dragging the cloth of his shirt. For the touch, it was easy for Draco to ignore the way it bared his skin.

They sat for ages it seemed, Draco soaking in the comfort of the other boy and Harry providing it easily.

Draco forgot himself, cuddled into Harry's chest like a child, fidgeting like a child as parts of his body fell asleep. He tried to shift carefully but that didn't stop the hardness that grew and pressed into the back of his thigh.

It was harder to hold still with an erect cock pushing against him. Instinct