breath out with a bit of a primal scream. "I hate that place," she said, shuddering. "Gives me the shivers."

"That why you wanted to stay with Sirius for a bit? You worried about him?"

"Yes," she admitted, taking his arm.

"Good of you," he replied.

"Listen," she said, as they walked up the block, slightly nervous, because of her mixed intentions. "I've got some things I've been wanting to ask you about your experience as an Auror. My flat's not far. Come up and have some tea."

"It's late, Tonks," he said, but he sounded persuadable.

"Come on. I've got this chocolate torte I picked up at the bakery yesterday. It's so delicious, it's got raspberry jam in between the layers." He was glaring at her. "What?"

"That torte could be dangerous."

Now it was her turn to roll her eyes. "Yes, because I'm so oblivious, I never noticed my friendly neighborhood bakery is actually run by Death Eaters undercover as pastry chefs!" He removed her arm from his in a huff, and she had to repent for making fun. "OK, OK. I'm sorry Mad-Eye. Will you at least drink my tea?"

"As long as I can watch you make it, so I know for sure you haven't tried to poison me," he replied, crankily, but she was pretty sure he was teasing.

"Call me crazy, Mad-Eye, but you're a wee bit paranoid," she said, taking his arm again, and leading him towards her home. Everyone they passed stared at them, and sometimes she couldn't resist giving people who were particularly egregious gawkers a big wink or blowing them a kiss.

"You attract too much attention," Moody grumbled, and she snickered.

"I'm not sure it's the mohawk they're shocked by. You look like no one else on earth," she said, leaning over and lifting up his bowler hat for a moment so that she could sneak a peek at the magical eye.

"Quit that," he said, slapping her hand away.

"You're one-of-a-kind," she said. "You know that?"

"Likewise you," he replied, but not as though he thought it was a good thing.





When they finally sat down at her kitchen table, each with a cup of tea in front of them, he turned an expectant gaze on her. "Well?"

Leave it to him to refuse to small talk. "Mad-Eye," she began, uncertainly.

"Call me Alastor."

"Alastor," she said, grinning, until she remembered what she wanted to ask, and a gloom descended over her features. "There's something I've been wondering. It's personal, for you, I mean, but I'm only asking you to explain to me because I think it could help me, be useful to me, as an Auror, and a member of the Order." God, was she rambling? Why was she rambling?

"What?" he said, warily. "Spit it out, already."

She steadied herself. "I know that during the first war, you resisted the Imperius Curse more than once." She looked at him for confirmation, and he grunted in ascent, crossing his arms over his chest in a defensive movement. "So," she continued, wishing she didn't have to, "Why was Barty Crouch Jr able to subdue you?"

He frowned. "I'd like to see you resist it, when you're stunned regularly, unconscious ninety-nine percent of the time, and starved."

"No, I'm sorry, I didn't mean," she flushed. "It's horrible what he did to you, horrible, and I'm so sorry you had to go through that."

He waved his hand in the air, as if to swat away her sympathy. "Enough with the sob story. I don't need it."

"I understand how he kept you subdued. What I want to know is how he got you in the first place. How did he catch you off-guard?"

He was silent for a long moment, during which she became excruciatingly aware of the loud ticking of the clock on her kitchen wall. "All right," he finally said, darkly, when she had begun to think they would sit on till morning. "I was the one who brought in Bellatrix LeStrange and Crouch. He was a Death Eater, and loyal to You-Know-Who, there's no question of that. But there was never any proof that he tortured the Longbottoms. In fact, your Aunt swore that he had not been with them during that particular," his mouth twisted into a sneer, "festivity." He paused, and then said, abruptly, "Ever been to Azkaban, Tonks