a time, then, after being sharply asked by Professor McGonagall about whether he would like to step outside to spell himself normal again, sent the note back with more of his elegant scrawl: DON’T BE OBTUSE, MOONY, YOU KNOW I MEAN OUT IN THE FOREST – S

Moony? was all he could think, slightly hurt, before he sent his affirmative answer back.

He was only slightly surprised when Sirius, Peter, and James all leapt up and manhandled him out of the classroom the moment the bell had rung. He had only enough time to catch Lily’s alert, suspicious look before he was bustled out into the hall, down the stairs, out the door, and down the path to the Forbidden Forest, which they had discovered actually was terribly and seriously Forbidden, thus making it the ideal place to have secret meetings such as this.

They dived into the woods and walked for a time, soon alighting in a small clearing fringed with gnarled half-buried roots and ferns that swished and swatted at them as they stepped through.

“All right, lads, what’s this all abou–”

“Once upon a time,” interrupted Sirius in his solemn voice, “there was a boy named Remus, and he was a werewolf.

“But Remus was a good werewolf, not nasty or violent or horrible like the ones in the stories, and as such he had many friends. Three in particular were his very best friends, and accompanied him everywhere on his everyday adventures.

“However, there was one adventure they that couldn’t accompany him on, and that was rather unlucky because it was the most important of all. It was his adventure of the full moon. It was unlucky because Remus would get very lonely on these awful, moonlit nights, and would shriek and howl, and scratch and tear, and be very unhappy.

“Remus’ three friends couldn’t be with him on these nights, because they didn’t transform at the full moon and didn’t stand a chance against an unhappy werewolf, and this made them very unhappy themselves. So, because they were very faithful, and very brilliant, they devised a plan…”

“And what plan is this, pray tell?” said Remus into the following, spellbound silence.

They all just stood in the clearing for a moment, quiet, reverent, charged with the energy of the story, then Sirius grinned and lunged forward. Remus startled back, thinking himself in danger of being tackled, but there was no impact, and no sign of Sirius at all.

The massive black dog that took his place blinked up at Remus beseechingly, a remarkably human expression for a creature so large and furred and powerful. Almost, Remus didn’t believe it was him, but when the dog trotted the few steps forward and nudged his belly with his nose and gazed up at him with steady, hopeful eyes (a familiar vision; in fact Remus had seen it just the night before, though not from the dog form of Sirius), Remus couldn’t help but see it, and when the realization hit him it was so heartrending he nearly cried.

He looked up at a swish of movement across the clearing, where an enormous stag was leaping around in the grass, still rather ungainly on its four slim legs and very top-heavy from the huge antlers rising up like a crown from its head. When it caught Remus staring, it stopped and tossed its regal head, as though inviting praise and admiration.

“Looking for faeries, James?” was all Remus said, to an amused snort of the dog. “Where’s Peter?”

Peter made himself known by scuttling up Remus’ left trouser leg and up, up the side of his robes to his shoulder. Once there, he twitched his ratty pink nose against Remus’ cheek and tapped his ratty pink paws against the side of his head, to which Remus laughed and replied, “Good show, you can easily hide from the wolf this way! Why couldn’t you lot be so smart?”

Sirius barked, a frighteningly loud sound in the stillness of the forest, and began to chase James ecstatically around the clearing. Peter perched on the top of Remus’ head and made a chittering sort of noise that sounded so incredibly like his usual “Dear me, they’re at it again, let’s go, Remus” that Remus laughed again until he wheezed.

Sirius as a dog bounded atop James as a stag, and the two of them hit the ground with a heavy thud and a burst of human laughter.

“I’m Padfoot!” Sirius cried from the tangle of adolescent limbs. “And this here is Prongs, because of his great poncy headdress. And Pete is Wormtail, because of his tail, obviously. So you see, you’re not the only one with a nickname now, Moony!”

“How creative,” Remus said.

“Gerroff my nads,” James said.

“Chitter chitter chirp,” Peter said.

And for the rest of the lunch hour, the forest clearing rang with exclamations and joyous cries, dog barks and rat shrieks,