to.

They remain in silence for a while, together but apart as their thoughts whirl round and round. At length, Regulus sighs, crosses his arms, then uncrosses them in an effort to appear conciliatory. "All right, then."

Sirius looks at him. "All right?"

"All right. Let's talk."

"We've been talking."

"Let's really talk."

"Then what do you call this?"

"Oh, shut up."

"But I thought you wanted me to talk!"

When Sirius sobers again and Regulus finishes fuming, they do talk. They talk for hours, or days. It's incredible, the things you feel you can say when time is no longer an issue.

Sirius hears more about Regulus than he heard in all the years they were alive and living in the same house. Where there had been sullen silence behind a bedroom door, there are now accounts of Regulus' NEWTs, of his few but close school friends, of his classes. In lieu of glaring looks or cold disdain from across the room, there are dramatic stories of spells gone awry, friendships gone sour, romances gone down the drain. Sirius hadn't even known that Regulus was capable of romantic feeling of any kind and says so, in such a way that Regulus scowls and tells him to prove he can do better. So, Sirius does.

He tells the stories he's told a dozen times before and the ones he's never told. He tells the ones he was saving for Harry, for James, for Peter. He spends maybe three hours describing the entire progression of his relationship with Lily, with Gideon, with Remus. If Regulus notices he sometimes redacts details from that last one, a touch here, a kiss there, he gives no sign.

Sirius is halfway through a blow-by-blow account of the day of Harry's birth when Regulus interrupts, with more gentleness than Sirius is used to: "No, this isn't right."

Sirius knows what he means, but he doesn't know what to do about it. "I can promise you it was. James was practically purple. The colour of royalty, almost."

Regulus shakes his head. "No, I mean, this isn't what you should be saying. You're talking too much about other people. I need to hear about you."

Sirius looks off into the great nothing that surrounds them. When he looks back, Regulus is staring at him, straight on, just like he used to. It's jarring, but it also makes something click into place.

But, not being one to back down, Sirius says, "You need to?"

Regulus thinks then nods. "I…I want to. To hear about you. It's been so long. How…" He hesitates, his gaze flicking away for just a moment. "…how have you been?"

The silence stretches on between them, expectant. The look on Regulus' face is entirely new: pleading, beseeching. He looks very much like a child, looking up wonderingly, hopefully at his older brother.

Sirius understands. He says, "Me? I've been beastly," and starts again.

Sirius tells Regulus about his time at Hogwarts: how he had felt when the Sorting Hat had put him in Gryffindor House, how he had spent the night in tears under his covers because he had been convinced Mother and Father would burn him off the tapestry for sure. He tells Regulus how he had loved Charms and hated Transfiguration, how he had been all right at Potions but had nearly flunked it in third year because he couldn't be bothered to do the coursework. How he had needled a particularly cranky fire crab into an apoplectic rage just to see what would happen. How he had broken at least three girls' hearts because he had gotten weary of being in a relationship and had just decided to halt everything.

He hesitates to tell of how he'd broken two or three boys' hearts as well, but decides "bollocks" in the end, and is pleasantly surprised when Regulus says nostalgically, "Dearborn, in my fifth year. He'd complain about you all the time." He looks stricken afterwards, like he has only just realized the magnitude of what he's said, and looks both incredibly relieved and incredibly annoyed when Sirius jokes, "Never thought you'd date a Gryffindor."

"There were rumours you'd sleep with anyone who asked," Regulus mentions at some point, and Sirius grimaces.

"Of course there would be," he says irritably. "It was true, after all."

He expects revulsion or at the least mild, prudish distaste, but Regulus only looks pensive, like it hadn't occurred to him that the rumourmongers could have been right.

"True," Regulus says at length, "after a fashion."

"After a fashion," Sirius admits. "In truth, not all that many people asked."

That's when Regulus' expression changes, and he retorts, "You are so full