on the wooden arms of his seat, left leg crossed so that his ankle rested on his knee.

Harry watched it all carefully, observing and comparing each movement with those he had witnessed before, analysing the meanings given their relevance and history. He was sure Malfoy wouldn't be so pleased to have the Head Auror reading him like a book and even less so given said Auror was Harry Potter, a fact which added a perverse sense of pleasure as he watched the man shift again.

"I had a proposal for you, Potter," Malfoy began carefully. "Though I am beginning to question the logic behind it."

Harry nodded with more than a little false politeness. Perhaps this might be worth the wasted time after all.

"I'm sure you've seen the coverage in the Prophet, the things my dear wife has seen fit to place out there for the public's consumption." Malfoy trailed off inquisitively, clearly desiring a confirmation so he wouldn't have to spill those secrets himself.

Harry nodded carefully, unsure what the Malfoys' marital problems had to do with him.

Malfoy nodded in return. "Unfortunately, I am not at present able to attack her for slander and libel."

Harry's eyebrows peaked of their own accord this time. "You mean..."

Malfoy shifted again. "All true I'm afraid."

Harry was speechless for a few moments, and a little more resentful of Ron's loud drunkenness having landed him in the role of adviser to Draco bloody Malfoy.

"Malfoy, I...” Harry twined his fingers together against his chest, focusing on the spots of ink he had forgotten to spell away. "While being the same, the situations are also completely different," he acknowledged. "Being the 'Chosen One,' Ginny never really expected us to last. It was just her way of tying me to the family, making sure I knew I would always be a part of them, I think. Of course, it doesn't hurt that she wasn't a Slytherin."

Malfoy nodded, clearly understanding the difference.

Harry sighed, running a hand through his fringe. "As to the other, it might help if the Wizarding world saw you with someone steady. Someone they could judge you as settling down with." He gave Malfoy a self-deprecating smile. "People feel better when poufs aren't out on the prowl."

He could tell Malfoy took offense to that but there really was no argument to be made against it.

Finally the blond nodded his acceptance of that statement, pale hands flattening to rub self-consciously against his thighs.

There was clearly more Malfoy wanted to ask, to say, but there was a quick knock on the door that sounded like Ron's usual beat.

He stood up casually, offering Harry another nod.

Harry watched him pause before sliding his hand over the doorknob. "Perhaps you should call me Draco, Auror Potter."

"Come on," Harry whined without much hope, changing into nicer clothes despite his desire to kick his boots off and slump in front of the telly. "We can go out some other night," he promised, his expression wheedling.

"We made these plans weeks ago. Mother is expecting us," Draco answered calmly, straightening his tie with a careful eye. "Besides, we always stay in," he added, somewhat pointedly as he turned to glance at Harry over his shoulder.

"We don't always stay in," Harry pouted, stooping to tie his shoelaces. "We go out for dinner all the time."

"Yes, we go out for dinner. As in to get dinner. Getting takeaway does not count in my mother's eyes. Especially when it's Muggle," Draco muttered, rolling his eyes and buttoning up his vest.

"What's that supposed to mean," Harry demanded, stopping short with only one shoe tied.

"It means," Draco said, his voice harsher than he meant, a long familiar drawl. "That in the two years we've dated, one year that we've lived together, my mother has never once seen you with me in public when it was not clearly work related."

"So," Harry asked, shrugging. They were both intensely busy and even more private, they didn't like their business splashed across the front page. They'd agreed on that a long time ago.

"So," Draco repeated, his face a faint and surprising pink. "My mother thinks you are ashamed of me."

Surely Granger was to blame but Draco's not above taking advantage.

Draco stared at the walls and ceiling, trying hard for Harry's sake to not display the disgust and unease he felt at just standing in the room. Really, what if he caught something? "Is this another one of your fake Muggle holidays," he asked, eyes flicking from pink heart to red heart to the 'plastak' flowers.

"It's not a fake holiday," Harry answered sharply, no doubt irritated from the number of times he had expected and practiced this conversation in his head. It