spare wand for extra light, even though the water was clear and it wasn’t very deep here. He’d learned to keep his normal one strapped in tight on these sorts of adventures after a close encounter with a hag who’d kept herself alive for sixteen-hundred years eating only goat kids.

Draco was already ahead of him, swimming off towards the seafloor just below where there was a collection of coral and anemones and, hopefully, some immortal jellyfish polyps to collect.

Harry swam after him. Draco stopped before the anemones, kicking out with his feet to stay in place as he studied the sand around them. It was a very nice view, Harry thought. Very nice indeed.

He made it to the anemones and reached out for Draco’s tether. 

“See any?” Draco mouthed.

Harry shook his head. He swam over the anemones, really fucking hoping that the potion he’d made to counteract any stings from them worked. There was a clearing in the middle of them and he swam toward it, holding his wand out for better light. There they were—little jellyfish polyps, just waiting to sprout off and begin their own immortal little lives. 

Harry looped his tether around a jutting rock to keep from floating away. He unhooked his collection kit from his waist and gently scooped a little planula of jellies into his jar. He screwed the lid on, sealed it with a spell, and stuffed it in his kit. 

Something rubbed gently against his ankle. Harry yelped, though it came out more like a gurgle, and spun around in the water. There was a long, striped sea anemone reaching towards him, swaying in the slow slosh of the water. The feeling came again, this time as a dozen little fingers dragging sensually over his back and bottom. Harry arched his back and the tendrils obliged him by ghosting up and down his thighs. 

Another little swish from the anemones and Harry groaned. He was hard, which was embarrassing but not unusual. He felt another touched his shoulder and let his head fall to the side to make room, but instead of a soft ghostly touch of a sea anemone getting a bit fresh, he felt the unmistakable slide of Draco’s tongue along the place where his shoulder and neck met. 

Harry gasped, feeling water slosh through his lungs; fuck he loved water. It was so erotic, so sensual. It reminded him of fucking Draco in his apprentice rooms at Hogwarts. Draco’s hands came around Harry’s waist and he pulled their floating bodies together, pressing his erection against Harry’s bum.

Guh, he wished they were out of their swim trunks right now. 

As if Draco could read minds, Harry’s swim trunks were pushed down his thighs, and he felt Draco’s fingers rubbing along his cleft, teasing at his hole while his other hand came around to wrap around his cock. He rocked his hips, swaying in the water, unsure which way he wanted to push most. Draco’s fingers worked him open so slowly he thought he would die, or their Gillyweed would need a top-up at least.

Draco removed his fingers from Harry’s arse and Harry whined. The sound echoed strangely in the water, barely audible. But then they returned, coated in something slimy and Harry’s thighs trembled with need. He flexed his feet, tugging against the binding of his cable that kept them from floating to the surface. Draco rubbed the Gillyweed all around Harry’s hole, coating the rim with slippery stuff, and then tossed it away.

“Please,” Harry begged, though he wasn't sure Draco could hear him at all. 

It didn't matter; he pushed in anyway, sliding his cock all the way inside and bringing their bodies touching in one smooth stroke. Harry’s head fell back against Draco’s shoulder, and Draco turned, pressing their mouths together and kissing Harry deeply as he began to move. 

The water made his thrusts smoother and deeper than Harry was used to. Each rocking pump of his hips rubbed Draco’s cock against Harry’s prostate, sliding over it as slickly as the water moved around them. Harry felt another delicate touch against his ankles and shuddered. The sea anemones were reaching for his ankles again, brushing their soft tendrils against the arches of his feet, along his shins, a few tall enough to brush against his fingers. He pushed back against Draco, now shamelessly trying to take as much of Draco’s cock as he could. 

Draco’s hand was on Harry’s chest, pulling them flush together. He began mouthing at Harry’s jaw, down his neck. He nipped at the delicate skin there as he thrust with the rhythm of the water, tortuously slowly.

The anemones curled around his ankles. Harry whined. He couldn't take it anymore. He took his cock in hand and began jerking himself off, but he’d not even settled into a good rhythm before Draco was batting his hand away. Harry could’ve cried.

But then Draco replaced it with his own free