find solutions instead of problems everywhere I went.” 


Her eyes flickered for a moment. 

Grow up. Take responsibility. Find the solution you’re looking for. I can’t help you and you can’t help me if you can’t help yourself first.
 



A haze of tearful memories coloured her eyes and the soft chuckle that lifted from Emiliano’s throat snapped the teardrops at the corners of her heartstrings down to her chin. First, she chuckled, harshly caught in a thick inhale from her easily congested nose. Then a thick level of laughter, not hysterical and not maniacal, but hearty, the tears sprinkling every so often, and he followed, both of them wiping with their knuckles at whatever vestige of their soul’s tearful spring had left to offer. 


“Some days, when I visit her, I think about all of the many times I tried to escape to the richezza (wealth) everything out of here offerte (offered). Oh,” he chuckled from his stomach, memory now sitting on his lips and sinking into the lines of smile; “Oh, I would chase after wealth the way young boys eseguire dopo onorevoli gonne (run after ladies skirts) these days, appassionato e sete (passionate and thirsty) for what I thought would make me felice, il contenuto.” (happy, content.)


“No matter what country or culture you live in, every uomo e ragazzo (boy and man) is just the same way,” she murmured, eyes back on the river, mirth strangled back with her bitterness. 


“Sì, per alcune persone, ci vuole tempo per vedere ciò che è reale richezza.” (Yes, for some people, it takes time to see what is real wealth.)


“Sì, e alcune persone semplicemente non rendersi conto, sempre.” (Yes, and some people simply do not realize, ever.)


This time it was his moment to turn and offer a glance at his companion, curious in mind but thoughtful in features; she continued to monotonously stare at the amiable waves lapping against each other, nature swaying with each breath she took. Her hurt, whatever pain she suffered, burrowed deep within her, was now sitting on her sleeve, if only for a moment, and he saw more of her soul, beautiful and raw, peering back at him and whispering for healing touches. 


Tentatively, he moved closer to her and then, smile permanent and welcoming, offered her his fishing pole. 


Her eyebrows arched, her hurt flashing away in a moment of confusion and intrigue. 


“Try, bella, it will help your heart.” 


Although her eyebrows remained furrowed, and her hands tentative in their acceptance of the gift he offered, she nodded her assent to his allaying dictum. 


At first, her thrust of the pole was wavering, unsteady and unsure, but he softly placed his hand on hers and pulled her arm back without much force, then helped show her how to launch the wire forward. The little hook bobbed at the top of the water, splashing further out in her second attempt with his help than she thought possible. 


The next evening, when she arrived, he had two fishing poles, one laid out for her to take. 


“Ho inteso a chiedere, perché i pesci di notte?” (I have to ask, why do you fish at night?) She launched her fishing pole’s end with a flick of her wrist, the prior night’s practice aiding her having it fly far enough. “Non ho mai tu vedervi qualunque pesca di cattura, se si cattura qualsiasi.” (I never see any fish you catch, if you catch any.) Her curiousness coated over whatever rude aspects such a question would usually have, given in such an abrasively honest way, but Emiliano had long since grown accustom to her honesty, and found satisfaction knowing it was a new leaf for her. 


“I do not fish for anything but pace.” (...peace.) He tucked his hand back as the pole thrust forward, the wire swiveling before landing. 


“Pace?” (Peace?) She dug a small but sturdy hole for the edge of her pole in the mud and settled it between her legs, her childlike nature causing him to bask in the lack of fatherhood he had in his life. 


“Sì, pace, bella.” (Yes, peace, beautiful.) He sat beside her, catching the breeze between his teeth before it caught her curiosity in the swarm of thick curls around her head, shadowing her intrigue. “I do not fish for fish, bella, you see?” 


She couldn’t understand him, as though suddenly their difference in native tongues was causing a breach in their usual understanding of one another. Although her inhibitions had long since been relieved of their nature in her soul, her need for noticeable logic seemed precedent enough to cause her distress in developing a knowledge of what he was implying to her. His laugh called her to attention again.


“Do not think on it, bella; you will see nel tempo.” (...over time.) A laugh followed and he shook his head, wisdom prevailing over her, disregarding whatever logic and intelligence she may have