a couple weeks after James, Peter and Sirius had seen me change for the first time. I had run up to the dorms to pick up my Charms book, I had forgotten it on my way to breakfast. James and Peter were still sleeping and I could hear the shower running. I was always the first awake and the first to eat, Sirius would join me shortly, and James and Peter usually missed breakfast and had to run to class hurriedly eating a piece of dry toast. I vaguely thought of Sirius under the shower, water running down his stomach...I blushed and grabbed my book.

When I turned, Sirius was standing in the door way, a short towel wrapped around his waist and water dripping invitingly down his body. I swallowed thickly, my mouth suddenly dry. Sirius smirked slowly, his eyes glinting playfully. My eyes widened a little bit, and then suddenly I was falling back on the bed and Sirius and I were wrestling.

It was oddly erotic, his wet curls falling into my face and his body pressing against me suggestively. He finally pinned me down, a wicked grin on his face.

"I win." He murmured. I panted, staring up at him and willing the heat in my groin to go away. He shifted slightly and I gasped softly as an unmistakable hardness dug into my thigh. He was up and gone then, calling about meeting me at breakfast.

It was getting chilly up on the astronomy tower and I wondered how much longer Sirius could possibly be. As if on cue, Sirius was suddenly beside me, leaning against the stone to mirror me. I looked over at him in surprise, confused as to how I hadn't heard him walk up behind me. He turned and our eyes met. My breath caught in my throat as I took in his gorgeous face, which looked even more so in the light of the moon. A slow, soft smile curved his lips and I felt a strong urge to kiss him.

"Hey, Remus." He said.

"Hi.' I said lamely, quite distracted. His smiled widened and I wondered if I could possibly fall more in love with him. He turned his gaze to the sky and I followed, picking out the stars I knew to make the constellation he was named after. We were silent for a while, comfortable at each other's side. His arm was pressed warmly against mine and I longed to wrap myself in those arms and never leave.

"When I first met you, I liked you immediately." He started, I looked over at him, listening intently. "You were calm and gentle and you had this worn, tired look about you that make my heart clench in way I was unfamiliar with. I was drawn to you, intrigued by your kind face that somehow carried long, violent looking scars. I couldn't imagine anyone who would want to hurt you. I had such an urge to protect you, to prevent anyone from giving you scars like that again.

The more I got to know you, the more that clenching feeling came. You made my heart hurt, you made me feel more than I ever had before. I thought it was because I wanted to be a brother, a friend, to shield you from everything terrible in the world. When I found out exactly what caused those scars, I wanted to kill Greyback. I wanted to rip him apart with my bare hands, and make him suffer for the pain he caused you. I couldn't, so I promised myself I'd find a way to be with you when you needed someone the most.

It was my idea to learn to become animagus. James and Peter thought I was crazy, but I was determined. Every full moon you spent alone killed me inside. I worked nonstop until I finally did it. I felt the clenching soothe a little, though every time I saw you it would come back in full force.

Something in me was changing though. I was distracted, unfocused, girls didn't interest me like they used to. I no longer felt just a longing to protect you, but also to keep you to myself. I felt irrational jealousy whenever James would joke around with you, or if you would help Peter with his Transfiguration homework, I craved those moments when I could have you all to myself. Every time a moment was interrupted, irritation would spark within me.

I knew that James could tell something was going on. He would say nothing about my sudden anger or jealousy, only giving me odd, calculating looks, smiling in amusement as he watched us together. He knows me better than I do. I was so blind. Eventually James just said something, and then I finally realized what that clenching in my heart was, why I was so jealous, why I wanted to sweep you away and hide you from the world.

I finally realized, but I couldn't tell you. I kept it secret for a year, though I couldn't help but be as close to you as possible. I slipped up so many times, making it so