does is admire his strong forearms, and then Sirius is grabbing him, hugging him, like he will never let go, and it seems Sirius has grown even taller, because Remus doesn’t have to bend down much to press his face to Sirius’s chest and hear his heart.  He has to hear Sirius’s heart, has to make sure it’s beating, has continued beating even without Remus as its witness.  He is listening to Sirius’s heart and one of Sirius’s hands rests heavily on top of his head, like a blessing.  Sirius’s other hand is at the back his neck, holding him close.  When Remus finally pulls away, lulled into something like delirium by the steady beat, Sirius bends down and Remus hears something even more beautiful.  Sirius whispers, welcome home.Yes, Remus thinks.  Wherever, whenever, they are together, that is home.In Sirius’s bed, their bed, that first night, and it is spelled so very dark, so very quiet, and Sirius says, doesn’t it feel like we’re the only people left in the world?Remus shivers.  I don’t like that.  It’d be lonely.Not if we’re together.  Not if we have each other.  Sirius turns to face him.  Remus, his eyes shut, reaches his fingertips forward to meet Sirius’s lips, as though he is a newborn, learning everything by touch.  This is Sirius’s face.  What is Sirius’s is Remus’s.  This is Remus’s other face, his favorite face in the entire world.  Remus, Sirius whispers hoarsely, and Remus shivers again, because every time Sirius’s voice trembles, he knows they are sharing the same feeling.  He knows what Sirius is going to say, does not need the proof of it, but wants to hear it, wants to hear Sirius’s voice shake again.  I love you, Sirius says.  That day, in the forest, I can’t stop thinking about it.Yes, Remus says.

...Yes, that day in the forbidden forest, running as fast as they can away from rampaging centaurs that are determined to trample them underfoot for daring to trespass.  It is May, and bright sun shines down through the leaves to dapple the roots and moss and leaves.  That was fucking amazing, Sirius says, once they are finally out of harm’s way.  He is bending over, his hands on his thighs, barely able to get the words out as he gasps for breath.  There is such recklessness in his eyes that Remus throws himself towards it, this insane beautiful aspect of Sirius, the way he is never frightened, even when he should be, the way he embraces every single crazy fucked-up thing that happens and somehow makes it glorious.  He throws his arms around Sirius, so full of the want of him, the closeness of these wild impulses that he shares and recognizes.  Yes, this is the wanting and longing that makes the pulse of life throb, makes his heart clench in his chest till it aches. Everything aches.  He wrestles Sirius down to the ground, slapping at him, hitting him, until he hits back.  Trading blows until they become kisses, and sometimes going back and forth, a kiss, a slap, a gentle mouth coupled with bruising hands, and then suddenly letting hands become soft and shy and pulling back lips to let canine teeth have their way.  It might hurt, but it is all good hurt, the way desire hurts.  This is what Remus discovers, over and over.  When he’s with Sirius, he feels everything.  Love leads to happiness and fear and utter desperation because Sirius is all he wants.  When they are together, it is not the wolf who hijacks his body...

Remus is running his tongue up the side of Sirius’s torso, savoring the salt of his skin and the dip of the valleys that lie between each of his ribs.  It’s obscene how much he wants.  He wants everything.  He wishes there were a way to fuck and touch and kiss every bit of Sirius, every fucking cell of him.  When they are together and he is part of Sirius, Sirius part of him, can’t there be a way to melt and meld every part of them together, permanently?  His hand drifts down to press against that hot, damp crease where the inside of Sirius’s leg meets his groin.  His other hand clutches all up and down Sirius’s body, the back of his flexed thigh, the soft and slight curve of his waist, the nape of his neck, wet with sweat.  He needs Sirius so much, he is terrified he will disappear.  The only way to stay together is to cling, he must always keep his hands on Sirius’s body.Sirius is whispering to him, again.  If I had one wish, Moony, one wish, I would wish for it to always be like this.  Me and you, always together, like this.  I would wish