since Merlin was born.

“Anyway,” Harry interrupted while searching for something in his messenger bag, “George had this brilliant idea to help you with your problem”

“My problem?” Draco raised a pale brow at the thought. He absolutely did not have a problem... except maybe trying to control Harry’s growing obsession with quidditch quality brooms and specialized artist quills.

“Here” The messy brunette cheerfully grinned and pushed a bag of what felt like huge lumps underneath Draco’s fingers. A very bad aura reached the Slytherin’s gut when he touched the blasted thing and now he wants to take back what he told Luna a week ago. Draco eyed the bag and carefully unwrapped it until the painfully familiar smell reached his delicate nose and he almost tossed the whole bag up in the air.

“LEMONS!? HARRY JAMES POTTER, THIS IS GOING TOO FAR!” he growled at his sheepishly looking husband who looked like he mistakenly startled a dragon.

“Alright, calm down”

“I refuse to calm down in the presence of such— evil! You know how I feel about those abominations, Potter! You’re worse than the Dark Lord!”

Harry rolled his eyes “You’re being overdramatic. Besides, you haven’t let me finish what I’m trying to say”

Draco looked indignant, frightfully red in the face too, but he let Harry continue but not without giving Harry a piercing glare.

“George came up with this pill,” Harry continued, “it’s supposed to cancel out the flavours that you hate the most and turn it into something sweet”. Of course, Draco didn’t look impressed. Although the idea was bloody brilliant, he knew what’s coming next and he’d rather hex himself than ingest the citrusy doom that is sitting on their beloved couch. He’d have to double clean that later.

“You’re going to make me eat the lemons”

“I’m going to make you eat lemons” Harry repeated with a grin and Draco knew he was utterly screwed.

A faint clank of small pills woke Draco up from his horrified daze. Harry popped one into his mouth (without drinking water! That monster) and helpfully placed a pill on top of Draco’s open palm.

“I swear, I’ll make it worth your while” the specky git grinned conspiratorially.

Draco sniffed and rose from his seat to get some water from the kitchen. Of course, he could have just summoned a glass and a pitcher but there was no way he was going to allow Harry to get his way quickly.

“This is how I’ll die, wanker” Draco gritted out as he tried to swallow the pill.

Harry made a humming noise, “You’ve put worse things in your mouth”

“Fuck you” the blond hissed and returned to his seat, “Let’s get this over with before I get sent to Azkaban for hexing my husband into the next year”. It’s slightly helpful that the Gryffindor looks absolutely apologetic about what’s going to happen but the git’s stupid bravery and complete trust keeps him from backing out. Draco just had to marry the one who is completely off his rocker.

The sound of a perfectly controlled diffindo and the squelch of the demon fruit did not help ease Draco’s queasiness. Merlin, he really did hate the fruit since he was a child and it resulted to a lot of bribing and bargaining on his parents’ part. Obviously, the older Malfoys weren’t as good at manipulating their son as they were with twisting other people’s will.


Harry must be some sort of natural imperius curse then.


“Ready?” Harry breathed as he handed the other half of the sliced lemon. The juice of the fruit dripped down Harry’s fingers and Draco was half decided to ban the twit from their bedroom and deprive him of a brilliant Malfoy arse.

Draco grimaced and picked the offending fruit using only the tips of his fingers. “The older Weasley prat better be ready if this fails because I’m going to make sure his wife will divorce him since he’ll be having a brand new micropenis”

Harry choked back a laugh and tried his best to give the seething blond his winning smile. “Cheers”

“Up your arse, Potty” Draco replied and sucked on the fruit while trying to go to a happy place.

This is it.

Draco can feel his heart stopping and his skin trying to wriggle out of his being. The Slytherin was waiting for the expected failure of the pill and lots of screaming on his part but...

Huh.

It was... sweet.

The lemon tasted like fresh honeydew.

Sure enough, Harry was tearing his face apart with his grin and Draco felt butterflies in his stomach. Damn this man for still being potent despite their one year of marriage. Perhaps this is more than half of the reason why Draco even considered giving this a try. Harry just knew what buttons to push for the Malfoy heir to do stupid things.

“Mine tastes a bit like berries” Harry chuckled as he licked his fingers clean.

Draco