they ever got over being teenagers, really, and now a baby, wow, and the street they are walking on is almost deserted, with only the faint noise of cars somewhere near and for a moment it's like they are alone in the world, it's just them and the cold and this new knowledge.

Suddenly James becomes silent, very grave. It's five o'clock but it's dark and the street-lights make the air glow, blue. After all this time with Lily truth is James still finds the Muggle world incomprehensible and alien. He puts his arm around Lily's shoulder.

`Lily... do you think we are crazy?´

Lily lets out a questioning whisper  she is too distracted by the warm of his body against her; she puts her hand inside the pocket of his coat and holds on tightly. It's so cold it's almost romantic.

`We are in the middle of a war,´ James says. `And yet this is the happiest I've ever been. Do you think we are being selfish? Are we crazy?

Lily loves when he gets serious like this. Most people think of James Potter and think of words like goofy or bright and funny but Lily fell in love with his quieter moments.

`Yes, James, I think we are crazy,´ she replies. `But that we already knew. Didn't we?

*

Lily is resting in bed  she is practising her Oh, I'm pregnant, just take care of me and indulge me pose. Well, she's only known she's pregnant for a week but she has to start rehearsing these things, maximize the advantages of everybody treating you like a queen.

Not Sirius Black, of course.

Sirius, sitting on the bed, facing her, is still moaning and protesting the whole thing, specially their decision of not consulting him before getting pregnant. Lily hopes he settles into a healthy denial for the rest of the pregnancy. Only a week and she's had enough of his nagging.

`I hate babies,´ he says for the fourteenth time today. Lily caught him preparing a Howler that screamed I HATE BABIES! HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME? I EXPECTED MORE! this morning.

For the most part Lily is ignoring him (also: she informed him that it's not such a good idea, shouting at a pregnant woman. Bad for your health? Sirius asked. For yours she replied with murderous intent.)

`Where are you going to live?´ Lily asks him, because the point has to be raised and her husband is too much of a coward to start that particular conversation.

`Here of course,´ Sirius replies without a second thought.

`With James and me. And the baby?´

He looks confused by her scepticism.

`Why would I live anywhere else?´ He says, frowning.

He rolls on the bed until he is lying, looking at the ceiling, head by her hip, grabbing a pillow to his chest.

`Don't you think that would be bizarre? As a family structure.´

`I don't care. I'm not moving out. I've already given up too many things for the Upcoming Brat.´

`Like what?´ Lily asks.

`Like drinking.´

`Sirius, I'm the one who has to stop drinking, I'm the one pregnant. You don't have to stop drinking.´

`I'm sympathizing!´

`Why? James is not sympathizing and he's the father.´

`I'm just very sensitive.´

She sighs. Maybe she should try a more aggressive approach.

`Move out!´

`No! Oh, Evans, why did you have to get pregnant?´

`What can I say? I really like James' penis.´

`Ugh, disgusting.´ Sirius sits up. He throws a pillow to her head.

`Hey, I'm pregnant. You cannot use violence on me.´

`It's a pillow. I can hit you with a pillow if I want to. In fact, nine out of ten doctors - Muggle doctors at that - recommend pillow fighting pregnant women at least once a day.

She grabs the other pillow and replies Sirius in kind. They exchange blows until Sirius, trying to land a very enthusiastic attack, hits himself on one eye and lets out a high-pitched yelp.

Lily collapses, laughing, on the bed.

Sirius falls just by her side, Lily grabbing his elbow and dragging him down, limbs entwining and laughter mixing. She runs her hands through his hair.

`Okay, you can stay here. But you'll have to explain Harry why there's a strange in our house.´

`You are calling it Harry? That's a horrible name. See? I hate that baby already.´

*

They shouldn't have worried so much. In fact, they should have predicted something like this.

Finally it has happened: Somebody has cracked Sirius Black.

`He's still here?´ Lily, coming down the stairs, eyes red,