know, sell it to the public? Print it for mass production and--"

"So you actually think that Rowena Ravenclaw and Salazar Slytherin had become--"

"--involved? Why yes, Malfoy, now that you mentioned it--"

"And they also used this very same room we're in to conduct their - ahem! - activities--"

"You make it seem so dirty."

"And you, surprisingly, make it seem romantic. Didn't think you have that streak in you, luv. Surprisingly though... I like it."

...

"Malfoy! Give that back! What are you--"

"I'm taking it because I want you. Now come here."

Draco wondered if she was going to that auction.

Then again, perhaps she wouldn't.

She was too practical for that.

-

By now, everyone had become aware of the bidding war that had erupted between the blonde and the black-haired man. Every time she named an amount, he called a price only slightly above it, as though teasing her - and not buying the book - was his primary intention.

"Three thousand."

"Three thousand and four hundred."

She huffed, glared at the annoying man, then bit out, "Three thousand and nine hundred."

He had the grace to look vastly amused. "Four thousand." He gaily waved four fingers in the air.

"Four thousand!" the auctioneer repeated, and cheers erupted from the others - even from those who wanted the book but were afraid to get caught in the war. "How very generous of you, sir! Oh, truly this book is priceless, but... do I hear four thousand and five hundred? Anyone?" He looked expectantly at the blonde. "Madam?"

Her hesitation was evident on her features. She fisted her hands on her lap, and gamely nodded.

-

"Will you not tell me what you know?"

He remained seated. "It's better if you don't," he said, his tone flat.

"I might be able to help you!"

Bitter laughter tumbled from lips. "Nothing can help me now." He stood, moved his sleeve - and showed her his mark.

She closed her eyes, unable to speak for a moment, unable to look at him. She should have foreseen that this would eventually come between them. Perhaps she even did, but she was too used to postponing the inevitable - not today, maybe later, tomorrow, next week - until they simply ran out of time.

I fear that I may not see him again. It pains me to say it, but I do agree with Godric on this. Salazar's ideas have become too preposterous to even consider - though I love him, I will not yield to his wishes.

If he is to go, then I will let him.

I do not want our school to become what he desires it to be!

Two people, on opposing sides - both unbending to the other's beliefs. Such had become the fate of Slytherin and Ravenclaw.

How ironic, then, that today was a parallel of what had happened in the book.

"Will I see you again, after this?" she asked softly.

He never said anything in return.

And that had been their goodbye.

-

"Sold! For six thousand Galleons to that gorgeous, gallant patron we're blessed to have with us today. Ladies and gentlemen, it had been such a pleasure to--"

The blonde took a deep breath, expelled it in a rush, and slowly rose to her feet.

Disappointment was evident in the way her shoulders were hunched, in the way her eyes remained glued to the floor. She dug her fingers in her purse - she had wanted that book. Not because of its content - although that was important as well - but...

...but because of its meaning to her.

It was a reminder that she had a taste of something painful, wonderful, beautiful, once upon her practical life.

It was a reminder of something she hadn't properly parted with.

Now at least, she could say to herself that she had done everything she could to obtain her closure.

If only...

Well.

If only wouldn't really bring her anywhere, would it?

Just then, an object was brushed against her arm, and she looked up - only to find her competition smirking at her, offering the book to her.

"Coffee?" he asked.

-

It seemed, then, that they both had moved on.

She had become busy after having been initiated in the Ministry.

He had dedicated his time and effort rebuilding what had been his fallen name.

Perhaps they wondered about each other.

Is he all right?

Is she married by now?

Perhaps they thought about... what if...

... then again, perhaps they didn't.

But they both found out how huge the world could be, and how many people could come between them, when they tried not to think about each other anymore.

-

The book rested between them, as if a symbol of a truce.

"Will I be wrong to assume that