you both, and you like the cut of it on Remus.

"Why?" Remus asks. Two questions in one.

You toy a little with your hair. Remus takes the hint and adjusts the fall of your fringe over your brow.

"How do I look?" you ask cheerfully, once he's done.

Remus looks you over very seriously, then nods, like an artist satisfied with his work. "Good. Fit to be married, even."

That makes you sigh, though you didn't intend to. "That's just the thing."

Remus is quiet for a long while. He doesn't look at your face anymore, but fixes and primps you all over, right down to the break of your trousers. When he straightens again, he gently clasps both of your hands in his.

"So that's it, then," he says.

He rubs his thumb over your ring finger but doesn't say anything more. Neither do you. You both know what he means.

Then you say, "Remus. Come to bed with me."

That makes him raise his eyes at last. His smile is wry and incredibly dear. "The ceremony is in half an hour."

"Not for that." You clasp his hands tighter, draw him closer to the bed in the corner. "Just to sit, for a while. I need you."

"He needs me, does he?" Remus says, but he goes.

It feels very empty down here, with only the bed -- two old mattresses stacked on the threadbare carpet -- and the shaving mirror and the last of your clothes. So you hurry to pull Remus against you, for warmth. You pull him down until you're both lying across the bare mattress, limbs intertwined, faces close together.

"You said to sit," Remus says. He shifts so he can comfortably rest his head on your shoulder, and twines his arms around your waist in that way he likes to do.

There is nothing to do but kiss him then, so you do. You love how he tips his face up to meet yours, how his mouth and his hands open to you. James and Lily are going to be married in twenty seven minutes and you will never be so you kiss him and kiss him until you've convinced yourself it doesn't matter, it never did, all that matters is Remus, here, now, so close and so yours it's like a dream, the kind of dream where you run and run and run until you find yourself--

 

--breathless, heaving, grasping, calling his name in a ragged whisper though the Silencing spell around the curtains would allow you to scream.

"Sirius," Remus whimpers, and the sound of your name on his lips is so good that you can't help tumbling over the edge. 

Almost literally, as it turns out. Your right arm flails through the heavy velvet curtain, your shoulder and head tipping over the edge of your dormitory bed, and Remus has to grab your hand and steady you before you both capsize.

"Careful," he says, his voice still trembling with pleasure. 

He tugs you back from the precipice by your hips, and that feels sort of fantastic so you press your hands to his to tell him to keep them there, and he does. You lay there together for a time, spiralling slowly back down to reality. Perhaps you doze a little, with Remus' hands on your hips and one of your hands in his hair.

Then you jolt awake, your limbs twitching reflexively as you fight the plummeting feeling of falling asleep. You hate this feeling because it makes you feel like you're dying, makes your heart kick like it's trying to save you from something you can't see or feel or understand. You curse aloud, without meaning to, and instantly Remus stirs against you.

"Padfoot?" His hand slides up, searching for yours. "Are you all right?"

"Yeah," you answer, as breathless as though you're recovering from a nightmare.

Remus leans into you, his naked skin sliding so deliciously against yours that you moan a little. When Remus raises his head to look at you, he's smiling all the way up to his eyes.

There's something in those eyes that you can't quite decipher. It feels important, but like the half-dream that just left you it flees, just beyond reach of your waking mind. So you let the moment pass, though not without pressing a reassuring kiss to Remus' forehead and pulling him over you, so that your legs can intertwine.

"I'm wonderful," you add, to clarify.

"You are." Remus nuzzles his unshaven cheek against your neck, which feels scratchy and weird and amazing.

"Told you I would be."

"You didn't tell me it would take weeks to get up to speed."

You consider being offended, but everything feels too good, so you just pinch him gently in the arm. "Oi. I was taking my time