hand over his brow.  "I do not understand.  Are you saying that there is a link between a wizard's size and their magical ability?"

"To a certain extent, yes!  While all wizards are born with a certain level of inherent magical talent--some more than others, obviously, and we Malfoys have always had more than the basilisk's share--a wizard's size influences the ease of accessing that latent talent.  The larger the wizard and the more fat on his body, essentially the larger the store of magic.  One does not necessarily become a better wizard when one is larger, for that only comes with learning, training, and practice.  However, the spells one does know become that much easier to perform, and the abilities one already possesses become stronger.  One can also cast for a much longer period of time, as they have a larger well of magic from which they can draw."

Augustus paused and noted the thoughtful, yet somewhat surprised look on Lucius's face.  A smile spread slowly across Augustus's face.  "You have already begun to experience such things, have you not, Lucius?"

Lucius nodded slowly.  "Just on my walk down here, I was pondering how spells seem easier for me to cast and how my wandless and wordless abilities come with much less effort since I began gaining weight.  In fact, now looking back, I can also see how much harder it was to perform spells right after I got out of Az--...er...."  Lucius paused, wincing a little in remembrance of his time in the wizarding prison.

"I know you were in Azkaban, Son," Augustus said gently.

Lucius took a deep breath.  "Yes.  Well, I became horribly emaciated after spending a year there.  Afterwards, when I was still so terribly thin, every spell I cast seemed more difficult than usual, even simple spells, such as Wingardium leviosa."

"Exactly!" Augustus said with a large grin.  "Your body did not have enough fat to store much magic.  Therefore, every spell you cast took more out of you.  On the other hand, I, at my heaviest weight, which was 40 stone," he patted his stomach proudly, "did not even require a wand to cast a corporeal Patronus charm for eight hours straight, to the amusement and delight of my children."

Lucius's eyes were wide.  While he had had little need to perform the Patronus charm in his life, he had always found it difficult to find a strong enough happy or joyous memory to cast a corporeal Patronus.  He could hardly imagine casting the charm wandlessly, let alone for eight continuous hours!

Deciding to test Augustus's theory, as well as his own capabilities now that he had significantly more fat stores and, therefore, presumably a larger store of magic, Lucius closed his eyes and remembered how overjoyed he felt when the spell had confirmed Narcissa was pregnant five months ago.  He breathed in deeply through his nose, letting the exhilaration of that moment flood his body with warmth and happiness.  Putting his wand in his robe pocket, Lucius held up his dominant hand and distinctly thought, Expecto patronum!  A flash of light filtered through his eyelids, and a slow smile crossed his handsome face.  He opened his eyes to be greeted by a fully formed, bright white peacock.  The glowing, wispy, stately bird looked at him before cocking its head to the side, as if wondering what Lucius wanted it to do.

Lucius threw back his head and laughed, causing the portraits around him to grumble and complain once more.  However, Lucius could care less about upsetting his ancestors.  He looked at the peacock, pointed off to his right, and the bird strutted several feet to his right before turning around and strutting back.  Lucius couldn't keep the absurd grin off his face.  He hardly had to concentrate at all to maintain his Patronus and have it do his bidding.

"Congratulations, Lucius!" said Augustus warmly.  "I can tell by the look on your face that you have never been able to do this sort of thing before."

"Indeed, I have not.  Even when I was a young man, when I was not sickly thin but had a rather more defined physique, I could not perform such spells with the ease I have just done!"

"I am curious as to the memory you chose to perform the charm, Lucius."

Lucius had his peacock spin around in a large circle before allowing it to vanish, then turned his still smiling face to his ancestor.  "My wife is currently pregnant with our second child, Augustus, and I remembered how I was overcome with happiness when we realized she was expecting again!"

Augustus smiled just as broadly and leaned forward in his chair.  "My most hearty felicitations to you!  That is indeed wonderful news!"  Augustus paused, and his smiled turned smug.  "Though, I cannot say that I find your news to be very surprising."

Lucius's smile faded.  "Whatever do you mean?"

"You had already started gaining by the time your wife conceived, yes?"

Lucius frowned and thought back to last