breaths.

"You!" they heard Hermione exclaim.

Ron winced. "This is an extremely bad idea." Slowly, his hand inched towards his wand, until Pansy smacked him upside the head with her menu. "Hey! Ow!"

"Shh!"

"Well, well. Girl with the pearl pin." The well-dressed man - otherwise known to the world as Draco Malfoy - quickly sat on the chair opposite hers. "Fancy that."

Hermione raised a brow. "Yes, that's me, man with green cuffs," she stated, pointedly looking at the ends of Draco's sleeves.

"Hmm. Interesting. I guess I'm your date, then."

"I never thought you'd be the type who needed to be set-up on a blind date," Hermione said airily.

"Is that a compliment?" Draco's teeth gleamed. "I'll take that as a yes."

Harry glanced at Ron. "At least they're civil to each other."

Pansy glared at him. "What, did you think Draco would just whip out his wand and curse at his date because she is none other than Hermione Granger? Please. He has more finesse than that." She turned her attention back to the unlikely pair. "He'll have to drag her out to an alley, of course..."

Ron and Harry both growled at her.

"Kidding! Or... you know. Not."

"What about you, Granger?" Draco asked, his voice smooth as silk. "I never thought you're the type desperate enough to actually go on one."

Hermione arched a brow. "For your information, I did this as a favor to Ginny," she said. "I so happen to have an unpaid debt to her - courtesy of circumstances you have no right to know - and by doing this I am paying her up twice over. What about you?"

Draco smirked. "Let's just say Pansy has a way with words."

Ron nudged Pansy. "What did you tell him?"

She thought that over. "Ah. I think what I told him was, 'I'd curse the place you use to make children until it shrivels up if you don't do as I say'."

Harry and Ron both gaped at her.

"Definitely has a way with words," Ron mumbled.

"So," Hermione said placidly, "is this your first time, then? Or have you been going on blind dates all your life?"

Draco blinked at her, then actually had the nerve to laugh.

"What? What did I miss?" Ron asked, looking around. "What's so funny?"

Harry shrugged.

Pansy also looked blank.

"Granger, have I ever told you that you are an extremely lovely-"

"Just answer the damned question," she snapped.

Draco shook his head but maintained his amused expression. "This will be the first time."

Hermione cocked her head to one side. "Oh. The first, then? Does that imply that you have plans of making it into a habit, then?"

Pansy frowned ferociously. "Is it just me, or is Granger acting weird?"

"Jealousy suits you, luv," Draco said, smiling at Hermione.

This time, Harry's wig almost fell all the way. "What?"

"Shut up," Hermione said. "If you must know, I'm just keeping count. This will be... my third, I think. Yes, my third." She glared at Draco. "And my most boring, by the way. Must be the company I have this time."

Pansy rounded on Ron and Harry. "What is she talking about? Did you set her up with others before?"

"No!" Ron said.

"Honestly, Parkinson - do we strike you as the type to actually set our best friend up for a blind date?" Harry snapped.

"Well, Harry Potter, I would like to inform you that that is precisely what you have been doing in the past hour!" Pansy shrieked.

"Oh." Harry looked abashed. "Right. Heh. I forgot."

"Look, look!" Ron said, pointing at the two.

"Your... third?" Draco repeated, suddenly looking very dangerous indeed.

Hermione looked very smug. "Yes. The third... this week, I guess."

Draco was silent for a few moments. "You're bluffing."

"Am I?" Hermione grinned. "Why do you think I didn't make it last Tuesday? Or last Saturday for that matter?"

"You said you were swamped with work."

"And you believed it?"

Draco gritted his teeth. "Of course I did!"

"Why don't you ask Harry and Ron, then?"

The Slythetrin frowned ferociously at her. "Maybe I will."

Pansy smiled at the two Gryffindors. "I think this is the right moment to inform you that Draco's currently wearing his deranged look - otherwise known as the 'I'm-going-to-happily-murder-two-idiots' expression