Harry's hand had felt clutching his sweater as he prepared his fist to strike Ron's face. It's all quite messed up, really. But Ron comes back, his heart nearly stopping in his chest when he sees Harry jump into the frozen pond of ice-water, and fail to resurface. It takes everything he has not to proceed with a mouth-to-mouth after he pulls a freezing, coughing Harry out, just to find out what it would feel like to touch Harry's mouth with his own.

When he sees Harry kissing Hermione, both lacking clothes, in an apparition from the cursed locket, he sees red. He can't help it. Hermione's hands rake over Harry's toned chest, kissing his full, worried lips. It's hell to watch.

Ron starts getting confused, worried, his thoughts betraying him. It's a problem that he is probably sending mixed signals to Hermione, but he does the British thing and ignores the problem until it hopefully goes away.

At the final battle, he almost kisses her, relief and joy at being alive flooding him like the wave of freezing water that just crashed on top of his and Hermione's heads, wetting them to the bone. They both immediately jump into each other's arms, and when Hermione tilts her head for a kiss, Ron turns his away, the warm lips hitting his cheek rather than meeting his mouth. Hermione's confused expression is something he can only sigh at, and then proceed onto taking her hand and running out of the blasted Chamber of Secrets.

Snape dies, Fred dies and everything is wrong. Chaos and confusion spread like the flu and Ron is on the verge of losing his mind when Hermione asks him why he refused her kiss in the Chamber, while they are waiting for Harry to come out of the Headmaster's office.

He stays silent. He doesn't want to talk about it. He doesn't want to talk about Fred, and he really, really doesn't want to even think about his feelings for Harry.

Unfortunately for Ron, he doesn't really get any say in the matter, and when he realizes what Harry's going to do, what he's going to sacrifice, and sees Hermione fling herself at his best friend, Ron doesn't think. He acts.

He takes Harry's face in his hands, and he kisses him. Lips-smashing, teeth-clattering, right-on-your-mouth kind of kiss that takes the air out of his lungs completely, and he has to let go of Harry because his hands can't hold themselves up anymore.

Raising his eyes to meet Harry's is the hardest thing he's ever done, but he does it anyway. The green eyes are burning with some emotion Ron can't quite place, but that emotion is strong and fuelled with determination and intent. Breathless, Ron takes a few steps back until his feet hit a stair and he falls down, sitting on the stones.

When he sees Harry again, he's alive and running and Voldemort is after him, which isn't anything new but it scares the crap out of Ron. When Harry kills Voldemort, Ron cheers with everyone and runs to him with Hermione not far behind him. Looking into her eyes, it's a silent agreement that they would leave that conversation for another time. Harry, having apparently seen their exchange, nods.

'Another Time' comes too soon and Harry and Ron sit outside the new-and-improved Burrow on a bright-sky noon, the wind flapping their overgrown hair.

"It's home," Harry tells him quietly, searching Ron's eyes.

Ron meets the green eyes hiding behind the round glasses. "Yeah, but it's not the same anymore."

Harry averts his gaze and throws a stone into a nearby creek. "Isn't it?"

"It's… empty," Ron admits, his voice barely above a whisper. It's still hard to talk about what happened to Fred. It's been two weeks, which isn't a very long time, but the pain hasn't subsided even a bit.

Harry sighs, and throws another stone, a flatter one, that skims over the creek and jumps twice before it sinks to the bottom. "Do you think it'll ever get better?"

"I don't know." Ron shrugs.

"I hope it does," Harry says softly.

"Yeah." He is ignoring the neon-pink elephant in front of them, but makes no move to announce its presence. Luckily, Harry is braver.

"Why did you kiss me?" He sounds vulnerable as he says this, as if he could break if Ron utters the wrong explanation.

Hermione chooses that moment to make an appearance. She avoids looking at Ron, like she has done since the final battle, and speaks directly to Harry. "There are some crisps and juice inside, if you want," she offers