a large envelope.

Harry growled at the reminder of the work they’d missed and opened the envelope placing its contents between himself and Teddy, so they could read it at the same time.

Albus sighed, and got up to return to the kitchen. Knowing them they’d probably stay at work very late again, if not overnight. He decided to make them a big supper to take with them, knowing they wouldn’t eat properly otherwise. He’d have to floo call Candice to have her make sure they ate.

They were just finishing up when Albus returned with their suppers.

“What’s all that,” Teddy asked warily.

“Supper, and no, it’s not drugged this time. You can check it if you don’t believe me,” Albus informed them.

Both of them pulled out their wands to check.

“Seriously,” Albus asked, doing his best to sound hurt.

“Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me,” Harry informed him gravely.

Albus smirked as they gathered up their things and supper. “I don’t suppose either of you are in the mood to finally tell me what this case was all about, are you? The Prophet still hasn’t had anything about it, which is bizarre because The Prophet always finds out, even if it doesn’t get the story right.”

“Not this time, they won’t,” Harry promised darkly.

Albus wisely decided not push the subject and waved as they disappeared in a flash of green fire.

Boredom inspires reminiscence and brilliance.


Chapter 3:


Albus sighed as he sat down in the large comfy chair. Afternoons had become the bane of his existence.

Used to be that he’d be outside playing with his brother or sister in the afternoon. Well either that or with one or many of his cousins, aunts, uncles, or other assorted relation or family friend.  That had changed after his parents’ divorce. Not right away, mind. No, the summer after his 5th year was still mostly normal, at least for the first half of it, though he was typically over at the Burrow playing rather than here at the house.

At the time he had been constantly trying to get his parents to tell him what happened, why they’d split up, but they straight up refused to talk about it. He was pretty sure that Grandma Wesley knew and she was not pleased with his attempts to find out, nor with his decision to stay with his dad.

It was just so weird. He could remember the years before the divorce so clearly. How the family had been so close. Grandma Wesley had treated dad like he was her actual son; Uncle Ron treated him like he was an actual brother. The whole family was like that, and then one day everything changed. Well, it seemed like just one day to him, but Albus supposed that things must have been falling apart among the family that entire 5th year he was at Hogwarts.

It really was quite the mystery, made all the more so by the fact that the family had actually been able to keep whatever it was that had split them up secret. Nobody in the family could keep a secret worth a damn, at least from each other, but somehow this was the one exception. He’d actually become convinced the summer after his 6th year that they had somehow put a fidelous charm on themselves, but after a solid week of pestering his dad non-stop, Harry had just exploded at him and in very colorful language told him that they had not. His dad had been quite mortified at himself afterwards, while Albus had just been smug with himself at getting his dad to crack, even if he’d only established that the mystery was solvable, and not actually made any progress in discovering what it was.   

Albus sighed again. Well, at least he’d managed to waste half an hour reminiscing about the past, not that that had in any way done anything to alleviate his current boredom.

He could always sneak out to visit some friends, not that there would be any sneaking involved since no one was around to monitor him. Oh, well and he was of age now too. But just because he hadn’t spoken to his mother in over a year, (gosh had it really been that long?) and his dad was a workaholic, didn’t mean everyone else’s family would be likewise absent.

Glancing over at the pile of career/education packets that Aunt Hermione had sent him he sighed again. She may be refusing to speak with dad most days, but once Rose had told her that he still hadn’t figured out what he wanted to do after graduation, she was more than happy to give him advice. Albus knew that he really should look through them, but it just felt wrong somehow: like he’d be betraying his dad, which was totally absurd, especially since dad had been bugging him about looking through them the few times they’d been in the living room together. Nevertheless, Albus was determined to