reciting it like a chant. Show him there's a world outside, outside our little corner, outside this bloody stupid war.)

Now – tickets sorted out already and Lily has promised to buy some candy inside with what they have left, and it's not like Sirius is going to refuse new candy-oriented experiences – they are just waiting with the rest of the audience for the doors to open. Sirius had no idea there was going to be so many people here (he feels oppressed). He had no idea you went to see movies with other people, he thought it was like watching television, just you and your mates (he feels silly).

`Hey, Evans.´

`Yes?´

`I have  confession to make.´

`My, Sirius, that sounds dreary.´

`I have not done this before.´

`What? Go out with a girl without any hope of coping a feel, I imagine you haven't.´

`Ha ha, very funny, your world-famous comedy. Forget it.´

He actually makes the melodramatic gesture of walking away but Lily grabs his arm and stops him. She leaves her own arm around Sirius's and he wonders if people here would be thinking they are a couple – for some reason he finds the thought hilarious, how nobody suspects they are wizards, it's almost exhilarating, being surrounded by people who had no idea.

`No, what?´ Lily presses on.

`I've never actually been to the movies.´

`But you said–´

`I know what movies are, okay? I've seen some, three – Remus has a tv. It's just that, I've never been to a Muggle cinema and done this – this thing.´

`You don't have to do anything, Sirius. Don't look so constipated. Just sit down and look at the screen and relax. It's no big deal.´

Sirius shrugs and looks away. There are so many people here.

`Why are there so many people?´

`It's Saturday night. Muggles also go out and have fun, you know.´

`Uh.´

Sirius must admit he does not spend much time thinking about what Muggles do and don't with their weekends. After all the only Muggle-related people he knows closely are Lily and Remus and they do what the rest of the wizards do – except when they use strange words or strange notions like doing the washing up yourself and that kind of thing. Sirius shudders; every time he sees a large crowd these days he thinks about what Voldemort and his followers could do to it, images of destruction conjuring up in his mind without prompting, and he imagines what would happen if the Death Eaters attacked here now, with these many Muggles. Muggles. Ultimately what the other side wants is a world without Muggles. For a moment Sirius thinks he can't breathe. In a world without Muggles there would be no Lily Evans and then, what would James do with his time? Such an appalling idea.

`Also, it's winter, and going to the cinema where is warm is cheaper than central heating,´ she adds. Sirius has no idea what that means.

`What are we going to, er, see? There are many different movies, right?´

Lily smiles at his uncertainty. Shit. So he has only ever seen three movies and has no idea how this works. That's not something to be embarrassed about. He is embarrassed. Lily is looking at him as if thinking “well, well, so you don't know everything”. He should know everything. At least half of everything, and James could have the other half covered.

`I gave it a lot of thinking,´ she says. `With you being a complete guy and all that I imagine you like action films or westerns or anything with a lot of shooting. But seeing as you are injured I thought it might not be such a good idea, let's not get you over-excited.´

`What sort of movies do you like?´

`Mmm, horror movies, I guess.´

`Why don't we go see something of the sort?´

Lily looks at him in an odd way. Her eyes seem almost soft, worried, and ashamed.

(Lily had thought about it, but somehow the idea of Sirius in a dark theatre watching a film about things that creep in the night and attack you when you least expect them makes her feel uncomfortable. He is not a baby and he sure wouldn't appreciate her – what, protecting him? Fawning over him? Ugh. He'd probably be angry. But Lily has a thing called tact and she is definitely not going to take him to see The Satanic Rites of Dracula)

`They... weren't showing any of those,´ she lies.

Sirius nods, completely trusting.

They end up going to a film about Vikings. Sirius thinks it's pretty cool, though he has only other two movies to compare it with. But there's Viking fighting and a feast and girls in