was when Uncle Vernon became uncomfortable. He didn't like being reminded that his nephew was a person with emotions.  "Dudley, come wait with me in the living room. I'll heat up some pizza and we can watch the television."

"Harry," Mr. Lupin began carefully. "You're not going to live with your parents. You're going to come live with me. Well, me and my friend Sirius. We both knew your mum and dad."

Harry furiously wiped away his tears with a balled up fist and cleaned his nose with the back of his sleeve before speaking. It was bad manners to wipe your nose on your sleeve, but Mr. Lupin didn't seem to mind. "You know my parents, sir?"

"Yes," Mr. Lupin said curtly. "Now, Harry, I understand if you don't want to come live with us. You've lived with your relatives your whole life, and it's normal that could feel attached to..." He looked around at the dark, dusty cupboard and the wall of photographs, all lacking Harry. "...This."

"I think," Harry replied hesitantly. "That I would like to live with you. And you know my parents, so you can take me to meet them. And you have Padfoot, the best dog ever!"

"About Padfoot..." Mr. Lupin's mouth quirked into a sort of smile. "Actually, I'll tell you later. Or rather, show you later. Well, if that's your decision, you can pack your things together while I go inform your uncle."

Harry carefully folded up his school shirt and his school pants, both previously belonging to Dudley, and placed them inside his school bag with the 50 pound bill.  

He stopped for a moment to look around his dark cupboard. It was creepy and lonely, but it had been his place. He sat down on the thin mattress one last time and patted it gently, as if he was saying goodbye to a great friend of his. Then, he was ready to leave. 

"...kept him in a cupboard, never cared for him, and you don't even care that he's leaving? Dumbledore should have never given him to you."

"Do you think I wanted the boy? Do you think that I wanted this freak living in my house and interacting with my son? I never asked for this!"

Harry paused outside the entrance to the living room, vaguely realizing that the grownups were talking about him. He wondered if his relatives would even miss him. Maybe it would be like in some books, where he would leave and then they would all miss him and write him letters. Or maybe it would be like in other books, where he would leave and have a happier life and never hear from them again. 

Mr. Lupin exited the living room and almost didn't see Harry. "Harry, I'm sorry if you heard any of that. Do you have all your things ready?"

Harry wordlessly held up his worn out backpack. 

Mr. Lupin's polite smile seemed strained. "Is that it? That's all you have?"

"Yes, sir," Harry replied cautiously.

"Okay, well, we'll be on our way then. Do you want to say goodbye?"

Harry shut his eyes and whispered, "goodbye house. Goodbye four Privet drive."

Mr. Lupin softened at this sight and picked up Harry's bag for him, before leading him to the cool night outside. 

They stopped on the other side of the street. 

"Harry, I need to tell you something important," Mr. Lupin placed his hand on Harry's shoulder. "There's no use putting it off, so I'll just say it. Magic, like in some fairytales, is real. It's not like the witches from The Wizard of Oz. I have a wand that allows me to perform certain spells and I have some magical abilities."

Harry stared dubiously at his guidance counsellor. "Mr. Lupin, magic is not real. You have to be telling tall tales. It only exists in movies and books."

"Harry, let me ask you this: have you ever had anything happen that you just couldn't explain?"

Harry thought about the time that Aunt Petunia had shaved his head the day before they went to church so that he didn't look so unkempt, only to have it regrow overnight to its original length. Harry had been locked in the cupboard for what turned out to be four days, when he was accused of freakish behaviour. Aunt Petunia didn't try shaving his head again. 

"Once I made all my hair grow back fast. I don't know how and it made Aunt Petunia mad," Harry said finally. 

Mr. Lupin smiled fondly. "Your father's son you are."

"Can you prove your magic to me, sir? Can you pull a rabbit out of your hat with your magic wand?" 

Mr. Lupin chuckled. "I