like they should no matter how he figured them.

"Daddy?"

Anymore his son only called him that when he was feeling afraid or uncertain. Draco dropped his ledger, giving his son his undivided attention only to watch the boy fidget and linger in his doorway. "What is it, son?"

Scorpius' silence unnerved him, the boy was usually unnaturally boisterous. Especially for a Malfoy. And Draco couldn't remember it being an attribute he would've ascribed to Scorpius' mother either.

"Are you alright," he settled on asking, folding the earpieces of his glasses together carefully only to toss them onto his desk carelessly. "Night terror?"

"No," Scorpius murmured, shaking his head slowly but finally taking a step into Draco's office. It was rare that Draco allowed him into what had become his sanctuary and almost prison, but on nights like tonight, Scorpius seemed to know he would be granted access. Draco hadn't ever been allowed in his own father's office. 

"I wanted to ask, you just seem," Scorpius shook his head again, frowning down at his bare feet.

His toes had to be cold on the ancient stone. Draco beckoned him further into the room, onto the carpet. "What," he asked when Scorpius had taken a seat in one of the other chairs.

"It's just, is something going on with you and Mr. Potter? Only Al wants to know, he says you both get googly-eyed around each other."

 

"They know, Potter," Draco hissed into the Floo, his eyes darting between Harry Potter in his fireplace and the open door of the library. He knew from his own experience that closed or cracked doors only encouraged eavesdropping while an open door made it almost impossible to hide for any length of time.

"So," Potter asked, adjusting his glasses and blinking into the flickering flames.

"They know!" Draco said again as though that would make all the difference, his voice hitting a higher register than he would ever admit to.

"We were going to tell them soon anyway," Potter tried to reason and only irritating Draco more as he covered a yawn half-heartedly.

"Soon," Draco hedged. "But not tonight or have them tell us!"

"Just calm down, Draco."

Draco stopped, blinking at Pott-Harry's shadowed face. "You called me Draco," he whispered.

Harry smiled at him again. "Go to sleep, Draco. I can be over in the morning," he offered.

"Alright," Draco nodded, smiling carefully. "Good night, Harry."

 

"Dad, I know you know Rosie, we practically grew up together after all...but I want to introduce you to Rose Granger-Weasley, my fiancee. No, that sounds stupid," Scorpius muttered, shaking his head and running his fingers through his hair in frustration. 

He looked himself in the mirror again. "Dad, I have some news.... Dad, the greatest thing has happened... Dad, I know this is a surprise, but.... Dad, I..."

"Scorpius? Did you need me?"

Scorpius jerked around, staring at his father as he stepped into the room. "I, uh..."

Draco smiled, waiting for Scorpius to untie his tongue.

"You better sit down, Dad. I, uh, have something to tell you," he began awkwardly, gesturing to the seats he had rearranged with this very occasion in mind.

"No one's ill or injured, yes," Draco asked carefully, sitting slowly and eying his son's obvious agitation.

"No, nothing like that. I just, uh..."

Draco quirked an eyebrow, amusement bubbling up inside of him as his grown son floundered.

"RoseandIwannagetmarried," Scorpius finally sputtered, looking at Draco, tense and uncertain.

"Pardon," Draco couldn't help asking, his amusement growing as Scorpius gaped at him.

"Rosie and me, we're getting married." His uncertainty was gone, his expression almost fierce and daring his father to say something against it.

Draco looked at him evenly, taking in how grown-up his son had become. "Good." He grinned when Scorpius sagged back into his seat. "Good for you, son."

 

"I think our dads are...like you said," Scorpius whispered to Al, grateful for the cover of darkness because even though they were right it didn't mean it was a good thing.

"Do you mind," Al whispered back, shifting to face Scorpius across the big bed.

"I don't know," Scorpius breathed, his fingers clenching in the lightweight duvet.

"We could be brothers," Al answered, his grin loud in his words.

"We already are," Scorpius reminded him, reaching across the comfortable distance to grab Al's left hand. The scars on their palms lined up easily. "By blood."

 

"Are you okay," Harry asked, sitting down beside Draco on the bed.

"Fine," Draco whispered, rubbing his hands over his arms. "When did he grow up? I think of