"Can't help it. You're being ridiculous. I'm not interested in Kingsley Shacklebolt, I swear to you." Remus knew it was foolish, an indulgence scarcely worthy of a love-sick adolescent, but he was touched by Sirius's jealousy. He nuzzled closer, and Sirius had no space to retreat.

"It's not only him. There's Tonks..." he drifted off.

"Sirius. There's no one who compares to you, don't you know that? What's brought all this on?"

Sirius did not answer at first. Remus did not press him, simply stayed close until he spoke again, quietly, as though he were ashamed. "I'm not what I was."

"Who is? We've all changed."

"I'm less than I was."

"Don't say that." Words spitting into the dark, he sounded angry. He was angry. None of this. None of this. "I don't want you to say it. I don't want you to think it," he insisted. "Even if you were less, Sirius, you're not, do you hear me? But even if you were, you're who I want. You could be fading away, but as long as it was still you, as long as I could recognize you, I'd want you, I'd be yours, here with you."

"I don't know how you stand it here."

"It doesn't have bad memories for me. I didn't grow up here. I can't be hurt by it, not the way you can." Sirius hunched, made his body smaller, as though perhaps he felt safer when Remus seemed larger by comparison. They had always shared, Remus reflected, a strange and perfect balance. Sirius helped to take care of him in the days of the full moon, and he helped to take care of Sirius throughout all the remainder. In that way they would surely be able to get through all the months to come, together.

"I wish Harry could have stayed with us."

"You know he belongs at Hogwart's."

"Maybe it would have been better if we'd all been born Muggles?"

"Would you really want that?"

"Why not? Hell, if it would change things, if it would mean that we'd never even heard of Voldemort, that Lily and James could still be alive, hell, I'd wish it. I'd wish it more than anything."

He tried to picture the other world, the one Sirius was spinning. "But what if it was all the same? What if I weren't a werewolf, but I had some other affliction that made me ill, that made people spurn and distrust me? What if you had still been sent to prison for a crime you didn't commit? All of that could still have happened in the Muggle world. What if James and Lily really had died in a car accident, like those wretched Dursleys always told Harry?"

"Someday I hope I get the chance to wrap my hands around their despicable necks. If only we could have raised Harry together."

"He'd have preferred that as well, but we both know why Dumbledore placed him there."

"We could have been a family. Three brothers, James here again."

"Harry's his own man, Sirius. He's not James reincarnate."

"I know, Moony. I know. Can't I use metaphor, just for a lark? Can't I mean it as an idea, a notion, and not as fact? I know it's not fact."

Remus did not know what to say. He had hoped for so long, and it had never made the wolf go away. It had never made any difference. And yet he did understand how sweet these other lives might have been, he did. But he also recognized the danger in dwelling on them. "There's absolutely no guarantee that it would have been any better."

"Is that how you comfort yourself? Rather fatalistic, you realize."

"I call it realistic. Is this how you would rather live? Haunted always by the ghosts of what might have been, what could have been? Hell, Sirius, you didn't need the Dementors, did you? Could have kept you away from them, and you'd have still made yourself miserable, blaming yourself, imagining that if only you'd done something differently…if only. There's no one here tonight. Greyback changed my life. I won't say he ruined it. He's not here, in this room, is he? Voldemort, for all his power and all the misery he's wrought, he's not here, either. No one's in this room but me and you. That's all I want, right now. It's all I've got and