shouted. Blaise laughed.



“People kiss each other all the time. We are too young to even thinking about marrying things”, Blaise said knowingly. Daphne sniffed and turned towards to the huge mansion.



“Whatever…”



“Good”, Blaise mumbled and watched how the girl ran toward her home.



 


 

 

Man took one uncertain step forward. His leg hurted. Curse which hit it years ago had not been fully cureable. Now man had to greased it every day from hip to knee where was this huge partially open scar. It wasn’t the only memory of the past years but it was the most painful one. 

 

Man limped over to the cherry tree. The green leafs and beautiful pink flowers looked like they were glowing in darkening night. Magic protected the tree from the summer to the winter giving it time to bloom in the middle of rain and snow.

 

Man touched the cherry tree and felt the flutings of bark. The tree was as old as the man himself. Lonely tear made away to man’s cheek. A pink flower flew to man’s shoulder and stayed there.

 

 

 


Perhaps victory celebration was mirthless to the side of light but in the Nott manor was played balalaika and mazurka was danced. 



“Your father was fair”, Blaise said happily and took a sip from his bottle of vodka. Theodore grinned.



“He thinks that you should try little bit everything when you are still young so you know to avoid some things when you are older”, Nott answered and snatched the bottle from his friend.



“My father will kill me”, Draco told drunkenly. Draco had found huge marker from Theodore’s drawer and drew with it something on Pansy’s face. 



“No offence but Dolohov said some ugly words about your father when he heard Lucius had disappeared on earths radar after the Masters return”, Theodore said and smashed drained bottle to wall. Blaise dodged the shards and soon realized that he had landed on Theodore’s lap. 



“Ouh, dude. I’m straight– unlike some others”, boy answered and pushed Blaise away from his lap. Blaises head bumped the floor but the drunk boy didn’t care. Everything felt good -friends, vodka and atmosphere- Nothing else wasn’t needed in that moment.



 


 

 

Man sat down on the grass and leaned on the cherry tree. Young people life wasn’t so hard but growing up hurt – not in physically but mentally. So many things from youth mirrored to adulthood and pointless things became important. Getting girlfriend or family of your own lost its meaning and you started to be what you truly were. Of course man have had his share of women but one after another started to be like air to him. Only one had left a mark on him. That one wasn’t beautiful, bosomy woman but a grown up man whose weathered face were reflection of lived life.

 

 

 

 Lestrange’s house was seedy on the outside but the inside of the house were pure gold – literally.


Blaise walked with sure steps in his godmother’s house. The ball was at its best but Blaise was bored. Too many who tried to kiss your ass or hang on the hem of your robe. Blaise was disgusted. Honesty was a virtue but how you used it were little bit more difficult. To some of people honesty was speaking the truth to Blaise it was accepting yourself as you were and how you lived. No regret, uncertainty or guiltiness.



 



“Ah, you too found your way here”, the man said and turned on his heels towards Blaise. Boy blinked and looked around; the mirror parlor of Lestrange – room of silence and peace. Dozens of mirrors created illusion of endless space. Blaise loved the room. It showed everyone’s flaws both inside and out. 



“Sirius Black, hated by everybody”, Blaise noted and stared right to mans dark eyes. Sirius laughed.



“Maybe but my cousin still let me in as long as I’m out of sight”, man answered smiling awry. Blaise looked past the man to his reflection. 



 



Black messy hair and straight, proud posture. Everyone said the man is the Lights side but if that’s the truth – why Black was in Lestrange’s house?



 



“Nothing is always like it seems to be. People believe easily what is said to them. In the end we all are just marionettes that someone always guides. And I guide them”, Sirius answered to the unasked question. Blaise knew that Black was referring to warriors of light.



 



“You are a traitor”, the boy said quietly and Sirius nodded.



“But I’m honest to myself”, the man told and walked in front of Blaise. Boy lifted his gaze to man whose face was so close.



 “They are idiots. Sheep guided by Dumbledore”, Blaise stated. Sirius laughed gently.



“We all follow someone but we make our own decisions.”



 



Blaise frowned. He was too young to understand mans words fully but Blaise knew that one day he will understand the truth behind mans words. Boy didn’t move nor didn’t he object when mans lips touched his. Kiss was heavy and full of mystery. Blaise still didn’