't explain the sudden burst of energy and openness, but maybe the butter… What else could make him start a most embarrassing conversation about the Oedipus complex?

"I… um…"

"'Cause I won't judge you if you did. Want to, I mean. My brother, Percy, used to say our Mom is the only woman he would want to interact with, and he ended up with Clearwater, who is not at all like Mom. She's rather calm, actually." Charlie had a thoughtful expression on his face. It was cute. Butterbeer really was a wonderful thing.

"Is she?" said Robbie between sips. Charlie drank his butterbeer in gulps and was already on his third cup.

"Yes. I never saw the appeal in her, but at least Percy's happy. He works himself too hard. I once caught him studying for an exam at two in the morning. He got an O, though. I guess diligence is in our genes." Charlie put the cup to his lips, not drinking from it but only pressing it to his bottom lip. Robbie swallowed quietly. Was someone trying to kill him?

"Sounds like Head Boy material," commented Robbie. He put his cup down. He was perfectly fine with enjoying the sight of Charlie practically massaging his lip with the glass. He felt the need to pout, jealous of the wicked cup.

"He is. How is your sister?" He drank some of his butterbeer and set the cup back on the wooden table.

They were facing each other, sitting in the corner of the small pub on two comfortable chairs. The pub was almost empty apart from a couple kissing by the entrance and the bartender, and them, of course. It was the middle of the day, so really, it wasn't surprising. Considering the lack of population in this area, this place was probably always like that.

"Jenna? She's studying medicine in New Jersey now. That's two hundred and six goals off her checklist." Robbie sighed. When Jenna was little she met someone who had two months to live. She decided right there and then that she would make a checklist of things she wanted to do in her life and do all of them, even it if was the stupidest thing in the world. It was insane, but she was stubborn and didn't relent from her To-Do-List no matter what people said. It was inspiring, really.

"She'll end up being the smartest witch in the world at this rate." Charlie laughed, his eyes shining.

Robbie chuckled with him. "Smarter than Flammel?"

Charlie burst out laughing, alerting the snogging couple. They glared at them before going back to sucking faces.

"What?"

"Flammel, being the smartest witch in the world," was all Charlie managed to say before he gave in to more hysterical giggles.

Robbie wanted to take a picture of this perfect moment. Charlie was beautiful when he laughed. And, yes, it did make him look younger.

"How do you know he's a man? Have you looked under his robes?" kid Robbie, a smile stretching his lips.

Charlie's face was almost as red as his hair as he laughed himself to near death. His deep voice was so full of joy Robbie wanted to kiss him. It wasn't even that funny, but Charlie didn't leave place for doubt as he clutched his sides in laughter. When he finally calmed down, theatrically wiping a tear from his eyes, he said, "I'm sorry. I'm crazy when I'm tired. Ask anybody."

Robbie nodded. Apology accepted; please carry on with the laughing.

"Ah, that was nice." Charlie looked exhausted. He probably tired himself with this unexpected burst of energy and laughter.

"Do you want to go back?" Robbie had a paper due to Thursday and it wasn't going to write itself.

"Not really, but I don't have a choice. Shall we?"

Robbie nodded, standing up and reaching for his wallet. Charlie caught his hand before he could take it out.

"None of this. I'm paying. You'll pay next time," he said in a tone that didn't leave place for argument.

Robbie wasn't listening to him, his mind a complete mess from the warm touch of Charlie's un-gloved fingers on his wrist. He wore a shirt which's sleeves he'd cut to move his arms more freely, so his entire arm was bare. Charlie's fingers were long and elegant, but not at all feminine, and his grip, while not tight enough to be uncomfortable, was strong and steady. Robbie felt all the blood in his body rush to his face, and he wondered if he was blushing or just dizzy.

Charlie let go of his hand and took out his worn, brown wallet, putting a few sickles on the table. Charlie's family wasn't rich, to say the least. During