he leave?"

"Sometime last night. He left a note saying that he'd manage and we should take care of those worse off and more deserving of care. It was before the dementors went nuts and he doesn't know about them yet."

"We're going, now," George said, grabbing Fred and Harry and apparating.

As soon as Harry saw the gate, he knew George had apparated them to Malfoy Manor.

"It's the only place I can think of that might be at," George explained.

"There's no way in," Harry said. "Not without someone who's suppose to come in."

"There's got to be a way," Fred said, rattling the gate.

"Voldemort took up residence here," Harry said. "There's no way- wait. Dobby apparated us out. Maybe a house elf can get through the magic again."

"Yeah, cause we have a house elf," Fred said sarcastically."

"I do," Harry said. "Remember? Kreacher!" The house elf apparated in front of him and stood, beaming up at him.

"Master has summoned Kreacher! Master is alive!"

Harry suddenly felt guilty for not having visited Grimmauld Place to tell Kreacher or summoned him to the Burrow. "Yes, I'm alive and very happy to see you. We need your help right now. We think that Draco Malfoy is in Malfoy Manor and we need to get him out because he's in danger. Can you apparate us in?"

"Kreacher will try!" The elf said determinedly. He took Harry's hand and apparated. Harry shook off the claustrophobic feeling that apparating gave him and sent Kreacher to get Fred and George. They apparated with the elf a few minutes later.

"Now stay with us," Harry told Kreacher, surveying his surroundings. Tall windows were concealed behind heavy, dark drapes. An enormous fireplace was situated at one end of the room and the furniture was as haughty looking as the pictures on the wall.

"How dare you!" One said, staring down a long, thin nose. He adjusted a pair of spectacles situated at the top and Harry wanted to laugh at him, but he remembered why they were there.

"Split up or stay together?" George asked.

"Stay together," Harry said. "If anything goes wrong, Kreacher can get us out faster or we can fight things off."

Draco was obviously not in the room so Harry crossed the room and opened a tall, paneled door, Kreacher and the twins right behind him. The next room was as cold and unfeeling as the first. So was the next, and the next, and so on. They thought they'd never get to the end of the house. Some of the paintings were empty or asleep. Some watched them- suspiciously or just curiously- and some accosted them, shouting at them for trespassing.

Then one stopped them.

"Harry Potter?" It said, and they all wheeled around to see painting of a young woman with a shock of white-blind hair and green eyes. The hair combined with her pale, pointed face made it unmistakeable that she was a Malfoy.

"Yes?" Harry said cautiously.

"If you're looking for Draco, he came and went. I'm his grandmother."

"Grandmother....?" Fred sounded confused, and Harry felt the same way.

"I died at a young age but I got to know him through this painting."

"Oh," said Fred.

"Where's he gone?" George asked.

"'The mountains', he said. I'm worried. He was injured somehow but he wouldn't explain to me. He took a cane with him to help him walk."

"Shit," Fred swore.

"Look, I know he can be hard to deal with or even like," the painting said, "but he's a good boy at heart."

"We know," said Fred. "He got hurt saving my life."

"Did he say anything more specific?" Harry asked.

"No; just 'the mountains.' He's never cared much for the giants, though, so probably as far from them as he can be while he's in the mountains. People like to hide out there, you know. The giants scare people away so it's a good place to stay unnoticed."

"We need to go," Harry said. "Thanks for all your help."

"Help him, please," said the painting.

"That's the plan," George said.

"Kreacher?" Harry said, and the house elf apparated the twins out.

"He talked about you a lot," the painting said softly.

Harry turned back to her. "About hating me?"

"He didn't hate you- at least later on. He was afraid- I'm sure you know what fear does to people. But he also admired you and he hated himself for it."

Kreacher apparated next to Harry. "Thank you," Harry said again, and Kreacher apparated him out. Harry