morning of the day of your trail all over again."

Draco's eyes drank in the changes in his mother's face. A few more creases here, a couple more there, though she would never admit that. Her eyes looked less burdened, her exterior calmer. Draco remembered how she had been the day before his trail, how thin she looked, though now she seemed healthy. A little voice in the back of his head said that this could be just part of the act, that a simple polyjuice could be at play, but he shoved the thought back.

"In the following week, the Healers noticed a pattern. You would wake every day, and think it was July fifth, the day of your trial. They reached a conclusion that your short-term memory was damaged, and spent almost a year trying to fix it."

Draco sat there, horrified, unable to move throughout her explanation.

"You were diagnosed with anterograde amnesia. Its affects vary from patient to patient. In your case, the Healers believe your memory becomes… inaccessible to you while you sleep. It's still there, Draco. You and Harry tried many things, Legilimency and looking through the Pensieve. You couldn't see the memories but they were there. There was no question about it."

Draco swallowed. "Then how do I… unlock it?" he asked. He was beginning to accept that this wasn't just a dream, just a lie.

His mother sighed and shook her head. "You don't. We have yet to find a way."

His gaze traveled over to Potter – he was relatively sure that it was Potter at that point – in question.

"It's true. But I'll never stop searching. I promised you that," Potter said.

Draco nodded and then dropped his head into his hands. "I need some time alone."

His mother rose and patted his shoulder lightly before disappearing down the hall they came through, the sound of her heels clicking against the wooden floor becoming dimmer as she got further. Potter got up as well, but didn't touch him, and the sound of his footsteps was nearly inaudible, which was strange.

When he was sure they were both gone, Draco's hands weaved themselves into his hair and clutched the blonde tresses as he wept.

It felt like hours before he heard a tentative knock against the opening leading to the hallway. His head snapped up, still tear-struck, and he saw Potter standing there with one hand in his pocket.

"There you go. You've got what you wanted. Are you pleased? You can go now," Draco said miserably.

Potter rolled his eyes – rolled his eyes, the wanker – and walked into the room. "Oh, cheer up. It could be worse."

Draco had a hard time believing that. In his eyes, the situation could not get any more wretched. "Yeah, how?" he challenged.

Potter chuckled, sitting on the armrest of the sofa, too close to Draco for comfort. "I should take you to meet Clive's doctor again. His case is real unfortunate, trust me."

"Who?" Draco asked. It seemed he could not stop talking to Potter, despite himself.

"Clive Wearing. He's got what you've got, only so much worse. His wife wrote a book about it. We've got it; it's right there on the shelf."

 A quick look at the shelf revealed nothing, so Potter summoned the book and it flew into his hand. He put it in Draco's lap.

"There you go," Potter said.

"What do you mean, so much worse?" Draco had to ask. His hands slid over the book's thick cover.

Potter's eyes visibly saddened. "His memory span is a lot shorter than yours. Seven seconds to half a minute, they say."

Draco's own eyes widened. That really was worse.

"How can he live like that?" he wondered aloud.

Potter answered him anyway. "Barely. He's got his wife coming to visit him, even in her old age. He recognizes her, apparently."

"And I have-"

"Me," Potter stated, looking pleased.

"You?" Draco spat, shocked. It should have occurred to him earlier – they had been naked in bed together. Though, why that would make any sense was beyond Draco.

"Yep. No need to sound so enthusiastic about the idea," Potter drawled sarcastically.

"Well, forgive me if I can't imagine myself with you," Draco snapped back.

"Really? That's not what I've heard. From you. A week ago," Potter seemed to struggle to find a good way of phrasing that sentence.

Draco could see this conversation was going nowhere, so he changed the subject. "So you just wake me up like that every time? Call my mother, force me into a relationship with you?"

"Jesus- No, Draco. Of course