don't mean you, technically, but it's just that, only an idiot wouldn't see..."

Harry sighed.

"Let's not forget your darling Hermione," Pansy piped up. "The way she responds to Draco is completely obscene. I think it's incredible no one's ever thought of locking them up in a room together to extinguish all that UST between them."

Silence.

"What's UST?" Ron inquired innocently.

Harry shook his head. "Don't ask."

 

"Damn understatement of the year!" Draco yelled.

The room had grown too warm for his taste. There was an awful lot of space between them, and yet Draco knew he'd become too aware of her every move. It was as if she was right beside him, enticing him with every breath she took.

And if he were honest - which he weren't too fond of being, by the way - he would've admitted to himself that this was his normal, usual reaction to her presence every single time.

Only in those times, they weren't alone and inside a very convenient bedroom!


Damn.


"We have to get out of here," she said meekly, as if lost in her thoughts as well. She then straightened her back, and pinned him with an extremely honest look. "You do realize what they've... possibly, purposely done to us, right?"

Draco looked away. "Only an idiot wouldn't."

They were locked in a bedroom together, the door mystically sealed, the bed large and accommodating... his damn hormones raging.

Yes. There was only one reason behind it all.

Granger shook her head, and folded her long legs towards her. "Why would they do this?" she asked. "I mean... why me? Why with you?"

Draco paused at that. Then burst out, with his manful dignity demanding vengeance, "What do you mean why with me? Who else would you rather be stuck with in a room that practically screams for us to-"

"Don't say it!" she screeched.

Reluctantly, Draco didn't. But that didn't keep him from pursuing his point. "Who else, then? Potter?" he said spitefully. "Sorry to burst your bubble, sweetheart, but the git's married. And an idiot. Who else... Weasley? Again with the married and being an idiot. How about-"

"I didn't mean it like that!" Granger said, getting to her feet. "I meant this entire event. I didn't want this to happen to me, with you or withanyone else!"

Standing there, with a slightly deranged, fully angry expression on her face, Draco thought Hermione Granger never looked more... irresistible.

Then again, perhaps he was the deranged one.

"I'm not!" At Granger's puzzled look, Draco amended with, "Neither did I, I meant." He paced, trying to keep his temper in check, and his thoughts in a socially, morally acceptable rating. "You're the smartest witch I know. Use that brain of yours and help me figure out what to do!"

Granger stared hard past him, and Draco noted that she was looking at the door. The small sliver of space underneath indicated moving shadows, which only meant... "There are people outside," he said, stating the obvious. He opened his mouth to yell.

"I can almost guarantee they won't do anything if we scream our heads off," she cut in.

He looked at her, annoyed at having her shot down his brilliant idea. "What should we do, then?"

A faint blush rose to her cheeks, making him crave to know exactly what she was thinking.

Draco was about to ask her that, when suddenly, in a move so fast it was a blur to him, Granger had pushed him to the door - and was now standing so seductively, so closely, to him.

He swallowed heavily. "Granger," he said, trying very hard not to show how her presence was affecting him, "what... what are you doing?" How he despised the squeak in his tone.

She smiled, and stepped closer. Barely an inch separated them now. "Giving them what they want."

And just like that, she dragged her hands up his chest, and brought her mouth to his.

It was like bringing a small, harmless fire into a room filled with gunpowder. Something inside Draco exploded - his hands where everywhere at once, exploring, seeking, his lips touching, tasting. Her scent drove him insane. Her response further fed his hunger. The more she gave, the more he wanted - and he knew, right then, that there was only one logical end to this.

And when she moved with him, Draco was suddenly, immensely glad that Hermione Granger was indeed a logical person.

 

"Look-"

"Shh!" Ginny glared at Harry. "I can't hear a thing!"

Ever since that loud bang from the other side of