sharp black eyes. Harry averted his eyes and examined his suddenly interesting nails. “Another thing is, lately I hear you’ve been going crazy with Ronald Weasley, creating havoc and terrors at school.”

          Harry immediately protested. “That’s not true. Ron and I just have fun.”

          “Having fun by exploding Dung Bomb in corridors, wrecking school’s properties and damaging some parts of the castle?” Snape interjected. “Your idea of having fun is dangerous and…disappointing.”

          Harry hated it when Snape was like that. He preferred his father’s expressed anger, shouts, anything but not this quiet conversation with disappointment dripping Snape’s voice. He bowed his head, ashamed.

          “Your teachers complain to me, Harry, that you don’t submit your homework, neglect your assignments and pay less attention in class.”

          Harry couldn’t look at Snape.

          “This is not the son I used to know.”

          Harry’s breath hitched. He hated making his father upset, which was clearly obvious he did. “I’m sorry, Dad.”

          Snape sighed. “Look, Son, I completely understand that boys at your age are in rebellious stage. Disobey rules, and think that they are the rightest ones in the world.”

          Harry didn’t object.

          “But there are boundaries, Harry. You’ve stepped too far. I couldn’t believe it when I saw your grades in the midterm tests.”

          “I failed.”

          “You’re left far behind your friends.”

          Harry rubbed his face, frustrated. “I wish I had studied more.”

          Snape’s facial expressions softened. “Regret doesn’t come early.”

          Harry took a deep breath and squarely looked at his father in the eye. “Isn’t there anything I can do, Dad?”

          Snape raised an eyebrow.

          “Can’t you…” Harry hesitated for a moment. “Can’t you pull some strings so that my grades won’t fail? And, and I won’t have to serve hundreds of detentions? Everyone will listen to The Savior of the Wizarding World, won’t they? And you’re also one of the teachers.”

          The Final Battle had happened when Harry was in his fifth year. Harry’s weak Avada Kadavra hadn’t had effects on Voldemort. When the Dark Lord had pointed his wand and casted the deathly curse at Harry, Snape had been able to shove the boy at the last second and in return Avada Kadavra-ed his former master. Voldemort was gone forever.

          “No, I won’t,” Snape firmly refused. “It’s not something to get you out of trouble you yourself create.

          Harry’s shoulders slumped, the boys felt dejected. He was doomed.

          “I won’t interfere with your detentions. You deserve them. In fact, you should be grateful that you’re not expelled,” Snape boldly explained.

          The messy haired teen widened his eyes. Being expelled was something he hadn’t thought of before. He swallowed.

          “Your teachers, however, give you and Weasley a second chance,” Snape continued.

          Harry lifted his head. He couldn’t believe what he had heard. “Really, Dad?”

          “Both of you will be given remedial. Use it wisely.”

          Harry smiled tentatively, relieved. “Thanks, Dad.”

          “Don’t thank me. Thank your teachers by doing your best and showing that the chance will not go to waste,” Snape shook his head. He was startled when Harry got up from his seat, walked around and hugged him as tight as any sixteen year old boy could give.


.-.-.


          Harry yawned for the umpteenth time. He’d been doing his remedial for two days, and had slept late in two nights in a row. The teachers gave him and Ron new assignments and essays. It was almost as bad as re-took the tests, but Harry wouldn’t complain.

          He didn’t pay any attention when the portrait to Gryffindor’s Common Room was opened. Ron had just gone to bed, leaving Harry alone doing his remedial. However, the drowsiness and tiredness were gone the moment he spotted Snape quietly entered the room, a mug of hot cocoa in hand.

          “Dad!”

          Snape grunted. “It’s past midnight. I thought you’re already asleep.”

          “Thanks,” Harry gladly received the mug and sipped the beverage. His throat wasn’t dry anymore. “No, Dad. I’ve planned to finish this Herbology essay.” He waved his free hand towards the parchments littering the table.

          “I see. Do you still have unfinished tasks?”

          Harry solemnly nodded. “Some more essays.”

          Snape was silent for a second. “I hope it teaches you something, Harry.”

          “It does.” Harry agreed. He was thankful that Snape had talked to him instead of yelling at him with his wrath. Harry knew he deserved his father’s anger. He felt sympathetic with Ron. His best friend had received a howler from Mrs. Weasley. Harry shuddered when he recalled the