rested his hand and weight against the large bookshelf behind Remus and looked down at the smaller boy. Remus backed up as if it was second nature to have Sirius Black standing above him, smiling down at him in a nearly empty library. It was something admittedly very new to the both of them as Sirius had never done this with another person before. Remus’s back hit the shelves and he leant against it not ceasing his annoyed look.

“Are you sure about that?” Sirius asked pausing to bite his lip a bit after speaking. He really couldn’t place why he was doing this. Because Moony had bent over before? That wasn’t all that new; Sirius had looked at his ass plenty of times before. He decided on it just felt like the right thing to do.

To Sirius’s surprise Remus turned his head a little bit as if puzzled. It was an almost canine gesture Sirius often did but had never seen his paranoid friend partake in. He might be even doing it in a mocking gesture, a thought that made Sirius’s skin prickle for some unbeknownst reason to him. He lowered his head before Remus could answer and pressed their foreheads together. Remus let his eyes flick slowly from Sirius’s grey ones before down at his lips, letting them hang there for a moment before looking back up purposefully. Sirius could feel the eyelashes in front of him moving, barley touching his skin as if their depths were whispering what they wanted.

Instead of waiting for something to happen, or so Sirius assumed, Remus dropped the book in his hands and reached up and grabbed Sirius by the back of his long black hair. He only pausing for a moment to make sure Sirius and him made eye contact before closing his eyes and kissing him roughly.

It felt like the rug had been pulled out from under Sirius’s feet as his heart sped up quickly. It was an instant reaction that he hadn’t been expecting and his free hand gripped the other boy quickly on his side.Remus kept his hands tangled up in Sirius’s hair as they kissed, pulling it at times where he would kiss more passionately, their lips moving perfectly together. Sirius had to stifle a desire to moan every time Remus pulled and he had no idea why he was coming undone so easily but it was positively electrifying. Sirius could feel the heat building all over his body, starting in his cheeks and moving downwards through the rest of him. Quickly realizing this, he pulled away.

Remus looked up at him after words, lips swollen and red from their kissing.

“Problem, Black?” He asked quietly. Sirius could feel his own lips tingling and he knew his breaths were coming out much quicker than they had only minutes before but he did his best to huff at Remus.

“Come on, ‘Black’? That sounds so impersonal, like I just snogged a teacher or something.” Remus let out a soft laugh, the corners of his mouth pulling up in a familiar smile. “Professor Lupin?” Sirius continued, “That just sounds weird!”

Remus lifted up his hand like he was going to smack Sirius but settled on letting it rest against his cheek instead, still smiling. “Shut up you idiot, you’re ruining the mood.”

Sirius felt like he had just been hit in the stomach by a truck and gripped Remus tighter before kissing him again.

The two had never done something like this before, but that wasn’t to say they had never thought about anything like it before.  Sirius knew that he could at least attest to nights spent thinking of the brown haired youth, thoughts spinning wildly before doing his best to force sleep on himself. 

Remus pulled away quickly this time but wrapped his arms around Sirius and pulled him down to his level, pressing his mouth to Sirius’s ear.

“Is that all you’re going to do, Black?” There was a quiet passion behind the words, a certain breathlessness that showed Sirius how much Remus was enjoying himself to be able to say those words to him. There was almost a sound of nervousness to it all too, a sound that spiked heat through Sirius’s body once again straight down to his lower half. 

“What else do you want?” Sirius tried to answer coyly but to his own ears he just sounded breathless and desperate.

Remus paused for a second before reaching his hand forward and rubbing it Sirius’s waist, fingers softly rubbing in circle motions. The black haired teen hitched his breath for a moment, his entire body paying strict attention to the region that was almost being touched.

“Use your head.” Remus replied dryly, and Sirius thought about how good of an actor he was. 

“Was that innuendo?” Sirius asked with a laugh, trying to cover how far away he felt. Remus shrugged in reply and kept making small circles on the other, one of his fingers pressing up Sirius’s sweater and dress shirt. 

Sirius lowered his head and pressed his lips against Remus’s neck and began to kiss at it roughly, sucking as he went. He let a few breaths escape him as he