wondered how he could stand it so far. Severus thought he could open an apothecary and sold potions. He was a great Potions Master after all. One of the greatest and the most talented on earth. His headmaster himself stated it. He had patented his Wolfsbane Potions and earned a huge sum of money from it. Not to mention that he was a versatile and talented Legilimens too. Without teaching, Severus was certain he could live. Besides, many fields matched and were relevant to his skills. If somehow he could convince Dumbledore to let him leave Hogwarts…	Severus sighed.	Half heartedly the tall man left his home that evening for Hogwarts. Just outside his quarters Dumbledore had already waited for him.	“Everything went well, didn’t it?” was Severus’s greeting before both of them entered.	“As you wished,” the silver-bearded man merrily answered.	“Good,” Severus replied shortly.	“Your students asked me your whereabouts, actually,” Dumbledore continued. The odd twinkles in his blue eyes instantly alarmed the younger man.	“You told them I was sick, didn’t you?” black eyes narrowed dangerously.	Dumbledore hummed. “Of course, Severus, indeed, though I can’t get this nagging feeling that they missed you today.”	Severus snorted, for the second time that day. “I bet they were relieved. For one day their most hated teacher was away.”	The headmaster chuckled. “I would say it was the opposite.”	Severus immediately spotted a dozen of owls perched on his table, hooted impatiently. Those creatures glared at the teacher, as if saying that they had waited for ages and demanded fantastic treats.	“What the…” Never before Severus had so many owls. It rendered him speechless. He moved and took one letter from a snowy owl. Blotchy handwriting told him instantly the identity of the sender.	Dear Professor, 	I’m sorry to hear that you’re not in good condition to teach. Get well soon.	H. Potter	Another letter was also about sympathy because he couldn’t teach that day. He even got one from Neville Longbottom. That round and timid boy clearly and explicitly showed in his handwriting that it took bloody courage to write and wish him well.	Without permission Dumbledore read every letter Severus had opened. “I was right!” he exclaimed cheerfully. “They really missed you,” he reiterated. 	Even the Potions Master couldn’t muster smart remark. “I can’t believe it,” he whispered. He threw sharp comments and insults nearly every second. He would not be surprised if he won the honor as The Most Hated Teacher award every year of his career.	“Just do, Severus,” Dumbledore informed him. “Apparently they were worried about you.”	“Even though they fear me.”	“Everyone is unique. Your personality is your greatest charm.”	“Very consoling, Albus, thank you very much,” Severus smoothly replied in annoyance.	“I wasn’t lying,” the bespectacled man argued. “You may not be in their good books but I can see that they respect you and I may say that you have special place in their hearts.”	The corners of Severus’s mouth twitched. Somehow it warmed his heart a bit. He was mildly touched. It was true that his students were quite handful, but he inwardly admitted that they were impressive and different.	“They missed my scything insults and bitter attitude,” the pale man dryly said.	Dumbledore smiled enthusiastically.	The strangest thing was that Severus received a get-well-soon card from another house: Ms. Luna Lovegood from Ravenclaw. He frowned. It was pretty unexpected. He remembered that that day he should only teach Gryffindor and his House. Besides, the Lovegood girl was still in sixth year. She shouldn’t have had something to do with his absence. 	“Ah, you’ve found an admirer,” Dumbledore pointed the two bars of chocolate from Luna and a huge yellow flower that resembled a cauliflower. 	“No! Don’t make a baseless conclusion,” Severus warned darkly, dodging his employer’s remark.	“See, it isn’t too bad to continue your teaching,” Dumbledore spoke softly and sat in a sofa in front of the Potions Master. 	“I was considering about retiring….”	“Nonsense! Don’t ever think that.”	“But, Albus…”	“Your talent will not go to waste. I assure you, Severus, Hogwarts will mourn if you leave. Besides, your students are not as bad as you think they are.”	The old headmaster could be very persuasive and persistent. Remembering how much Severus owed him: by trusting him when no one else did, the young teacher finally accepted his refusal. Again.	Absent-mindedly he read another letter while the weird flower from the Ravenclaw student singing in airy tune. .-.-.	His birthday came that Saturday. Severus never thought it as an important event, except that it was a remembrance he was getting older and older. Although, he would always accept birthday gifts from other Head of Houses and the headmaster, out of courtesy. His godson even had given him his gift earlier