from his hip to a more comfortable position, in case Malfoy attacked. It wouldn’t be the first time, after all, and it was easiest to duck into your confederate’s shop for protection, wasn’t it?

Malfoy, though, had both hands gripped around the edge of the counter, nails gone completely white, and his breathing was harsh and too quick. Harry looked for the telltale dilated pupils that would complete the guilty tableau, but with his eyes closed, the Ferret had him beat on that front.

Harry jabbed his wand out, closer to Malfoy. Then, realizing he couldn’t see, Harry pressed the tip against the other man’s throat.

Malfoy went completely still, even his chest. The only thing that even marked him as a living being was the flutter of a heartbeat against Harry’s wand, and even that was fast enough to be mistaken for a background hum.

“Where’d he go, Malfoy?” Harry asked, voice pitched low and clear.

“For Merlin’s sake, that way,” one of the patrons finally said, a trembling hand pointing toward one of the storerooms.

Harry and Ron tore after their criminal.

Harry followed up with the Ferret the very next day. Oh, they got their man, of course, but he disavowed any knowledge of working with the shopkeeper. Harry wasn’t convinced, but, of course, he could always show up for an interview.

Malfoy’s eyes widened when he opened the door. Guilty conscience.

“Hello, Malfoy,” Harry said, with a grin.

Malfoy looked down, tapping his fingers against the countertop. “Can I help you, Auror Potter?” he asked.

“I think you can,” Harry said. “I think you can tell me what you know about what happened in your shop yesterday.”

“Nothing more than what you saw,” the Ferret said. “He ran in, shoved a few people, ran into a storeroom and out the back.”

“Out the back?” Harry repeated. “Funny. I don’t remember ever telling you that.”

Malfoy’s gaze snapped up, fire in it. There was the Ferret he remembered. “Well, seeing as you weren’t still in the shop when I closed up, I figured all three of you must have left.”

Harry leaned forward, resting his elbows on the countertop and looking Malfoy in the eye. “Oh, you figured, did you, Ferret?”

Malfoy flinched back. “Don’t call me that.”

“Why not?” Harry asked, “bring back bad memories?”

“As a matter of fact, yes,” the Ferret said, “and given that I chose not to file a formal complaint against you, I would think you’d pretend to respect that a little.”

Harry crossed his arms. “A formal complaint about what? I didn’t break anything in your precious store except the lock on the door, and you got a receipt for that.”

“What you did well crossed the line into assault,” Malfoy said. “I would think even the great Harry Potter would get a token investigation what with all the witnesses.”

Harry scoffed. “I never attacked you. Why would I even attack you?”

Malfoy stared at him, head tilted to the side. “You tried to murder me.”

“Oh, please,” Harry said, “if I’d wanted you dead I would’ve just cast something, not bothered to jab my wand into your throat.”

“Not yesterday,” the Ferret said, “back when – never mind.”

“What, that?” Harry laughed. “Are you still fussed about that?”

“Oh, no,” Malfoy drawled, “I never wake up in a cold sweat, or find myself huddled in a corner with no idea how I got there, or panic at the sight of a wand pointed at me.”

“Maybe you should get a therapist,” Harry suggested.

“I have a therapist,” the Ferret spat, “and there’s only so much that can be done, Auror Potter, and if you’re done, I do better the less I interact with you.”

Harry shrugged. “Alright, then, Ferret, but I’ll be back if –”

“Fuck,” Malfoy said.

Harry glared. “What is it this time?”

“Can you not fucking call me that?” Malfoy said.

“Really?” Harry grinned. “All this about me trying to kill you, and the thing that really gets to you is being called a ferret?”

“Oh, I’m very fucking sorry that an attempted murder is not the only traumatic experience I’ve gone through, Potter,” Malfoy spat. “At least I don’t try to throw yours in your face. You could do me that courtesy.”

“Oh, you want to talk about trauma, Ferret?” Harry pinned Malfoy’s arms against the counter they’d been resting on, and flipped one over. “Let’s talk about what you did for your beloved Lord Voldemort.”

Malfoy stared