. The werewolf was calm and wiser. Snape guessed that’s why those two’s friendship lasted long. Sirius and Lupin completed each other.

          He regained his composure when his hands touched the Muggle thing he had been hiding. Discreetly Snape eyed the room before his attention went back to the cell phone he had just bought.

          The Potions Master had been very curious about it. He heard that it’s a popular device for communication for Muggle. So, he had secretly purchased one in a Muggle store in London. For almost half an hour he had poked and tested the phone, trying to see if it could work with magic. Snape was fascinated, though. He was half wizard and half Muggle, that’s true, but he had spent more than half his life in Wizarding World. The device was a great invention, he thought.

          “Surprisingly Muggle have decent brains,” he muttered to himself, ignoring the fact about his bloodline. The mobile phone was light weighted. It fit perfectly on his palm. The features Snape liked the most were the dictionary (useful feature, definitely), the camera and the word game. No wonder Muggle were attached to the device.


.-.-.


          “Good, Teddy. Can you make your hair longer?” Sirius encouraged Lupin’s boy.

          Teddy complied. The little boy closed his eyes in concentration. Deep frown etched on his wide forehead. Harry shouted in delight watching his best friend’s hair grew longer until it reached his shoulders.

          “My eyes, Teddy, my eyes,” Harry pleaded. “Oh, is that how my eyes look like?”

          “Of course,” Teddy firmly said.

          “How could you know it? You don’t look at the mirror to see how they should,” Harry argued.

          “Harry, believe me, okay?” Teddy glared at Harry.

 Harry clearly doubted his friend.

          It was funny to see two little kids arguing. In normal situation, Snape would have felt amused seeing a long haired Teddy with shining green eyes. But Snape’s minds were occupied by his mobile phone. His hands were itchy too.

          It’s no wonder Muggle got addicted to mobile phones. They could be tools for entertainment too. Snape didn’t tell anybody that he had bought one. Not even Harry. Mobile phone was so…Mugglish!

          “How about morphing into Harry’s father?” Sirius whispered mischievously. “I bet you can do it, Teddy.”

          Snape heard that. “That’s why I didn’t want to bring the kids,” he growled menacingly. “You’re a bad influence.”

          Teddy already morphed into a kid with long black hair, pale complexion and crooked nose. “You’re my kid-father,” Harry was amazed.

          “There’s no such thing, Son,” Snape grumbled. “Now, brush your teeth. It’s time to sleep. Go, go.”

          “You’re no fun, Daddy,” Harry pouted.

          Teddy was giggling until Snape gave him a warning glare.

          “Hey, Snape, we can have a drink after I read a story to them,” Sirius told Snape’s retreating back.

          “I’m tired,” Snape replied briefly.

          Snape doubted that Sirius would tell the boys proper bedtime stories, but he surrendered at the kids’ pleading and Sirius’s insistence to act as their ‘father’ that night. So, after kissing Harry and Teddy good night, Snape retreated to the guest bedchamber and gleefully returned to his phone.


.-.-.


          Sirius looked up when Snape entered the kitchen. The handsome man raised an eyebrow. “Coffee?”

          “Yes, please.” Snape sat on the chair across the other man. A house elf quickly served him a hot coffee in a big mug.

          “What happened?” Sirius asked when he caught Snape rub his back with his left hand.

          “Backache,” Snape answered briskly.

          “I provided the best mattress,” Sirius said sourly. He gave an accusing glare. “In fact, every chamber here has the best mattress any best store can provide.”

          Snape winced just to taunt his host.

          Last night Snape hadn’t gone to bed immediately. He had taken out his cell phone and tried to test if he could make a call with magic, which had failed. However, his persistence was paid off when he could surf in World Wide Web. He had instantly been fascinated with some sites about gardening, plants and potions around the world. He had slept with the device in his hand, but in the morning it’s not there. Snape had still been half asleep when he felt something painfully digging his back. That’s where it had been the whole night after he had fallen asleep. Apparently a mobile phone was a dangerous hard device too.

          “The fact remains that I woke up with a backache,” he calmly replied, without telling the truth why. After all he wasn’t the Head House of Slytherin for nothing. Snape was sure that he sported bruises.

          The house elf gasped and frantically apologized. When she promised to punish herself after breakfast, Snape pulled a stop, saying