scheduled for tomorrow with the application team. There's laundry in the hamper. There's-"

"None of this matters now! We have to go!" his voice was only barely below a shout.

"I'm not going anywhere before you explain," she stated, folding her arms and maintain a stern look in the face of her brother's distress.

Jack pursed his lips and let out what sounded like a held-back scream of frustration and panic.

He paused, coming to stand in front of her. He raised his hands and put them on her shoulders, looking into her eyes.

"Trust me," he said, and she found herself nodding before she made a conscious decision to.

He let her go and she whirled around, bending to reach her nightstand to quickly grab a photograph of her, Jack and their parents on a vacation with the countryside background illuminated with the reds and oranges of sunset. She threw it onto the bed and ran into her bathroom, opening the medicine cabinet and taking a few generic pain-reducing pill bottles, birth control pills, ear-drops and nasal spray. She took the first-aid kit out of the second drawer of the cabinet beneath the sink and threw in all the tampons and sanitary pads she could find. She had no idea for how long she would be gone.

Stumbling back to the bedroom, she saw Jack putting food into nylon bags. She was about to protest against having food on her bed, but Jack started talking before she could.

"I can't tell you where we're going. Mum and dad are already at Heathrow. I told them to catch the first flight out of here. I would have Apparated us all out of here, but I can't Apparate that far," he said while she grabbed her hiking backpack from the lowest drawer of her closet and filled it with the things that didn't fit in the suitcase.

Jack took out his wand, which always left Tammy in a weird place between impressed and baffled, and murmured something that made the suitcase and the bag shrink into earring-sized lumps on the blanket. He put them in his pocket.

Tammy shook her head to try and focus. She was always left in a state of shock when he did magic.

"I don't know if this works with muggles, but this is not going to be pleasant. Try to breathe," he instructed, and she just stood there, confused, trying to understand what he meant by that.

He bit his lip, grabbed her arm, and they disappeared with a mighty crack!

 

 

Life on the run was tough. There was constant moving, and they never stayed in one place long enough to remember the names of the people around them. Jack kept using magic to hide them and provide for them, which originally alarmed Tammy because she thought they could track them down through those acts of magic before Jack reassured her it was mostly untraceable once the person casting it reached the age of seventeen.

One time when they were hiding at a house with other people – wizards – all huddled together in a small, underground basement, Jack heard something from one of the men and started crying hysterically. Tammy could make out the words 'dead' and 'friend' in his jumbled, gasping speech as he fell into her arms, but hugged him close and told him everything was going to be alright anyway, cradling him like she used to do when he was a baby and her parents let her four year old self calm the crying, teething infant with clumsy hands and off-key humming.

 

 

Tammy never asked why Jack decided to stay in the British isles while their parents rooted down abroad. He still felt the urge to tell her, apparently, because one night when they were lying awake under the stars he shuffled in his sleeping bag to face her and started talking.

"I'm sorry," he said, and she turned her head to look at him. She opened her mouth to protest, but he interrupted her. "Mum and dad... They… I'm so sorry."

She shook her head the best she could while lying down sideways to face him. "I wouldn't have agreed to go with them. Not without you. I would have gone mad worrying about you, anyway," she paused, biting into her lip. Her voice dropped down to a whisper. "I just… I'm scared I'm slowing you down. Putting you in danger. I don’t have magic, Jack. I can't protect you," her voice broke at the end.

"Don't say that. Don't-" he swallowed, looking close to tears. "I couldn't protect… I lied, Tammy. I'm so sorry," he sobbed.

She frowned. "Jack, I don't understand."

"Mum and dad, they never… They didn't make it out of the house, Tammy, before…"

Jack couldn't seem to speak any more. He broke down in a heap of loud sobs, his