brilliant, or any more.  Just different.  And not just because of the lycanthropy, mind you.  Nothing to do with the wolf.”

Sirius looked sorrowful at this for some reason and was quiet for a moment, long enough for Buckbeak to think that wolves were not really that bad, and that he could in fact eat a wolf if he really wanted to.  Buckbeak would have said as much to Sirius if he did not seem so upset, but being a tactful sort of hippogriff, he figured that perhaps this was not the right time for such a comment.  

In front of them, the sea was frothy and green, and reflected the sunlight as it rushed back and forth.  It was a sound quite foreign to Buckbeak, who had grown up in the foggy grey safety of the Scottish moors.  Here it was warm, and safe, and nice too, but it was not really home.  Some days he dearly wanted to go back, and was now suspecting that Sirius was wishing the same.

“At least he doesn’t hate me anymore,” Sirius said, breaking the silence of the waves, “not that it matters so much.  It’s been a long time.  Thirteen years.  Almost as long as Harry (‘This is Sirius’ favourite fledgling wizard,’ Buckbeak thought, feeling quite proud with himself at having remembered) has been alive.  It’s been too long.  Too much damage has been done.  Even though he does know I’m innocent now, we still can’t...go back.  To how things were before.”

Sirius shifted against him, dropping the pen and leaving the half-written letter forgotten on the sand.  Obligingly, Buckbeak moved a little closer and allowed Sirius to push his face and wasted limbs up against his plumage, although it was nearing midday and the strange shimmering heat was becoming cloying.  They remained this way for some time, breathing almost as one, as the water pushed back and forth with a sound like myriad muddled voices, or the familiar, faraway rush of giant feathered wings.

“We loved each other.  Remus and I.  We were in love, before all the bad things happened.  Did I tell you?”

Buckbeak tossed his head a little at this.  It was news to him, but he chose to let Sirius interpret the gesture as he would.  Sirius nodded his head carefully, looking thoughtful and tired, before going on.  “I must have, then.  Hard not to.  I’ve been thinking about it for some time.  I don’t suppose hippogriffs like to mate with members of their own sex every once in a while?”  (Buckbeak shrugged one massive shoulder; he had never really given it much thought.)  “Well, humans do sometimes.  At least, I think so.  I’ve never met any others before, but it’s a bit hard to believe Moony and I were the only ones.  Now that I think about it, my old uncle Alphard might have been one,” Sirius went on after a pause.  “An invert, as Mother would say.  He never said so, but I suspected.  Didn’t ever have the chance to ask him, though.  It’s prolly what got him burned off the tapestry.  Anyway...keep a secret, mate?”

Buckbeak snorted noncommittally, but apparently this was enough incentive for Sirius to continue.

“I think I might still fancy Moony.  Remus.  I mean, not just fancy...I might still be in love with him.  I thought Azkaban would siphon all those kinds of feelings from me after being there for so long, but...”

Sirius stopped, his fingers curling against Buckbeak’s side.  He tipped his head as though listening to the sound of the waves, or a far-off voice.  

“I think I...need to talk to him.  Now that the stuff about Peter is out in the open.  I need to talk to him and just make sure that things are...all right.  That’s not stupid, is it?  To want to know my mate...friend is all right?”

Again, Buckbeak shrugged, not entirely sure how to react to his wizard companion’s revelations.  He had never had trouble going after a potential mate back home, so why should Sirius?  

Neither of them said anything or moved for a few long minutes.  The sun had reached its zenith, its rays beating directly down on their heads.  The bird carcass Buckbeak had left was beginning to be visited by huge black flies that buzzed and flew around in triumphant circles, as though they had been the ones to fell the mighty beast.  

Finally, Sirius jumped up, releasing Buckbeak’s feathers to exuberantly slap the sand from his trousers.  Then he turned toward the hippogriff, all dark flying hair and bright eyes and lines around his now-smiling mouth.

“Well then, enough about that!  I need to finish writing to Harry.  Don’t eat that bird, please,” he beseeched, indicating a brightly coloured one perched rather haughtily on a branch a ways into the tropical forest, “I think it’s more magic than