to get out quickly.“Well, nice day to you all. It was exceptional to meet you, Narcissa. Too bad Juni and I must leave, we’ve got light shopping to finish before we start our walk home.” Wilder explained evenly, making a show of connecting arms with his sister to leave. ~~~I am another line break, fear me~~	Despite being raised by a devoted Catholic pastor since they were nine, Juni and Wilder were far from being saints.	So the second they left the large group’s sight they’d sprinted into Gringotts like they were being chased by something ready to kill. Took a moment to quickly ask (because God/Jesus/Magic?/Whatever help you if you demand something from a Goblin -in their bank no less- ) a teller for access to the large network of tunnels under the bank and that spread through the undergrounds of Diagon Alley.Not many people knew about the tunnels because few humans work for Gringotts and those few were something called curse breakers -who would have no reason to ever be in the tunnels-. The twins knew about the tunnels because they’d been working for the Goblins doing odd jobs, first to cover their blood adoptions and then money to buy their supplies for the coming year.While the work was usually physically tiring, it came with many perks. They made twenty-five gallons each for every day they worked, their work days were only five hours in length, they became familiar -and built relationships- with most of the goblins, they got multiple crash courses in different wizarding customs/etiquette, and books were often given to them for one reason of another for free. The biggest perk of all though was learning the less know secrets of the bank. Secrets, like the before mentions tunnels which were built because of bombings in World War 2. Now the tunnels were rarely used, and the Goblin nation had no problem letting the Porter twins have free run of the tunnels for the time being. After being waved forward the twins ran again, this time using the tunnels to lessen (spy) on the group of mostly orange haired people they’d previously left. If they were worried about hearing the group, they didn’t need to be. Yelling was heard almost the second they entered the tunnels and despite not having proof, the twins knew the loudest voice belonged to ‘I’m-just-James’ Potter. Making it almost too easy to find a water drain that was close enough to the group so the twins could have a -restricted- view of the people above.“-And now you are recruiting innocent Muggle-Borns! How lower can you get Malfoy? Already had them brought to the Goblins for a blood adoption.”“I can assure you,” Narcissa snapped in an aristocratic short voice. “I knew nothing about Wilder and Juniper until I saw them exhibited better manners at seemingly eleven years of age, then you yourself show as a grown man Lord Potter. I know nothing of them having had a blood adoption or what reasons they might have had for getting one.”Snape sighed loudly “Though it’s none of your business or mine, the Porter twins to my understanding are twins in every way but blood. They might have simply requested a blood adoption so they could share a common family blood line.”“Defending the little Death Eater whore?” Wilder growled at the use of such a derogatory and degrading term. No one should speak so lowly to another person, let alone a Lady like Narcissa Malfoy, in such a bad light. It was stupid and idiotic, who someone slept with was their own business and wasn’t something for others to judge.Juniper, who would usually be just as upset about the ‘W’ word being used, was instead caught on another word. Death Eater, despite not being able to place it the word sounded familiar…“Do you think we should help Narcissa?” Wilder asked his twin after he’d cooled down, lessening only half eared as the people above insulted the monarch of the Malfoy family. “She did mark us as equals…”“Step back,” Juniper instructed, pulling a small box of matches from one of her pockets. Carefully, the girl lights a match and used the flame to light a page of the paper on fire.Thick smoke poured over the page and into the streets above, causing the group to separate with departing sneers. For a brief second, Narcissa looked down and saw the twins who could only give the women their best half-hearted looks of innocent. “Do you think we did the right thing?” Wilder eventually asked as the twins started the walk back to the bank. “Even if Narcissa becomes our ally, it wasn’t our place to get involved. We don’t know the history.”“I think what’s right or wrong depends on the person you ask, everyone will always have their own justifications.”“...”“I saw the quote on the bottom of a soda cap,” Juni admitted. “But it works here, also we don’t know the history because we weren’t involved in it. So we can only