Still, I believe this is worth investigating. I’m adding it to my tasks. After all, what harm can testing it do?”“Oh I don’t know,” he said blithely. “Render a perfectly serviceable potion useless?”She curbed the urge to stab him in the eye with her quill. “You don’t know that. It’s still one of the options I choose to explore – and if I’m right, then you can’t claim any credit for it.” When he rolled his eyes right back at her and muttered something unintelligible she asked, “What do you suggest, then?”“I thought you’d never ask.” Malfoy looked every bit the pompous git he was when he continued with, “We could—“His words were cut short  when another voice, clear as day, intruded with, “You self-absorbed sidewinding cocktoboggan!”They were both silent for a few seconds.“…cocktoboggan?” he repeated, one eyebrow raised.“Oh god,” she said, covering her mouth.“You are nothing but a self-aggrandizing piss spitter! I so pity whoever it is standing next to you every time you open your mouth, you shittywig!”“That doesn’t even make a lick of sense you… you overgrown, overbearing arse midget!”Hermione thought she recognized that second voice as she walked out of the room. Cautiously, she stepped closer to the door on her left.“Arse midget? How dare you, you snotty disgusting pig! My arse is anything but—“She jumped back, and then jumped forward when her back collided with something solid. Turning around she found out that that something solid was, in fact, Malfoy.Somehow, he was able to look both annoyed and amused all at once. “So much for finding a room where we can concentrate,” he told her.“Well if you weren’t late, maybe we might have been able to finish before this distraction happened!” Hermione glared at the room, then marched into the one they’re using. “How inconvenient. How completely and totally bothersome this is! To think that they're there now, of all days--”“Calm down, you silly bint. There’s no need to overreact.” Malfoy took out his wand and cocked his head to one side. “We canalways hex them to silence if you want.” “And just who’s overreacting now?” Hermione stepped towards him so she could stop him in case he was planning on hexing people. “There's no need for that. Anyway, I wouldn’t worry about them lasting for long. I’m sure whoever they are, they’re about to stop fighting soon.”“And you’d know that how, exactly?”She gestured at the wall dividing the rooms and said, “Well, based on their completely uncivilized conversation, sooner or later one of them is bound to get away from the other, thus effectively ending their argument.”“Or they might continue far longer than you give them credit for,” he said, tucking his wand away.Hermione laughed and said, “That’s absurd.”“Is it?” Malfoy raised a brow at her. “You do realize that some people do find arguing rather… stimulating, don’t you?”“I’ll believe it if the argument is more like a debate in nature than anything else,” she told him, lifting her chin up. “Clashing of ideas with real, solid pieces of evidence to back up both parties’ claims instead of, of debasing each other with silly, childish insults. This one they’re having? It’s just noise. One I’m certain isn’t at all necessary or even… healthy.” Hermione paused and tried to listen to more sounds coming from the other room. Satisfied that they weren’t as loud as before, she nodded at Malfoy. “What were you saying?”“Something about you being not right all the time, I think?” He had the nerve to smile at her.“I meant about the assignment,” she said, glaring at him.“Oh. Well you weren’t very clear." Malfoy opened his book again and was silent for a while. “I say we can try increasing the amount of ingredients used on the potion. Two ounces of crude Antimony in one, eight unsucculated leeches on the other, that sort of thing.”Hermione drew her brows together, then went to grab her notes. “That would mean we’re going to brew at least nine different batches. Ten, including mine.”“Not counting batches having two or more ingredients doubled in one potion,” he added. "That's another route we can try."She tapped her quill against her lip, mulling that over. “We only have a limited supply of ingredients available for this,” she reminded him. “Your idea is quite… well, interesting, but I don’t think we’ll be able to explore all the options as much as we want to.”“My idea is brilliant, thank you, and yes – we can. I’m sure that—“Thud