Immortal. The Blade Immortal causes deep wounds from even the slightest scratch, wounds that few are likely to survive. But anyone who can survive such a cut then they will never lose blood again, making them impervious to a lot of the ways you might imagine trying to kill someone (such as gunshots and knife wounds). I'm not sure what "never lose blood again" means in regards to menstruation or if you ended up with a disease where blood letting is medically advisable. The one exception to the Blade Immortal's limited immortality is if that person is stabbed with the Unicorn Horn; in that situation they'd die anyway if they were a murderer.

So Amadeus actually comes off pretty well, since of course he survives the cut and explosion (though he's now wandless, which is a setback on top of his injuries) and the only thing that could have easily killed him, that Horn, was destroyed in the process.

Wind whistled through the big empty house where Steve Westfield found himself incapable of sleeping. The fire place was alive with warmth which filled the whole of the living room. The drafty construction of his new home left him no choice but to relocate his bed in the main room where a well maintained fire had granted him reprieve from the cold on most nights. He had intended to get workers back to patch up the worst of the drafts before his wife and daughter arrived, but the same storms that had delayed his family had also forced work on the house to wait.

Outside the land was silent with snow. Occasional shadows crawled from drift to tree under the reproachful eye of the moon. Even basking in the warmth of the fire, a shudder took hold of Steve from spine to soul as he looked out on that barren land. What terrible place have I drug my family to? Ominous thunder rolled over the house. Steve's gaze wandered upward as the entirety of his home seemed to shake at the coming storm. Storm? The night was clear outside. The moon lay naked in the sky, not a stitch of cloth to hide behind. Even the wind had died.


 Steve fought back another shudder and carefully pulled a pot from near the fire. He poured hot, dark liquid from the pot into a cup and drank it too quickly, scalding his tongue. Blowing steam from the drink, he willed the bad thoughts away. Soon the sweet warmth was melting through his core. Calmed, he returned to bed. 
Tomorrow Jane and Amy will arrive. Certainly they will. 
His family would warm this place in ways the fire could not. 
They will fill this cold, dead house with life. When they arrive it will be a home.


Unfortunately for Steve, someone else would arrive first. A shadow moved cross the moon. It stopped, a hooded figure silhouetted in front of the pale orb. Steve shot upright and did his best to put an air of confidence into his voice.

“Who are you?” Steve flung his feet over the side of the bed.

“Do not get up,” a rasping voice came forth from the dark shape.

But Steve did not need to get up. In the stand beside his bed there was a gun. He rested his hand on the top of the stand and turned his attention to the intruder.

“Where are they?” rasped the darkness.

It wants Jane and Amy? Steve considered throwing the drawer open and hoping he could get a shot off before the intruder drew its own gun and shot Steve down. He reconsidered.

“They're not here.”

“LIAR!” there was such force and violence in that voice that for a moment Steve knew the Devil himself had come to take him away to Hell. “I can find them without you.”

At this a flame began to grow in the middle of the dark shape's form and Steve realized with great horror that this was no ordinary bandit, no gunman. Nothing to lose, he tossed the drawer open but a blast of fire exploded against him. The nightstand was in flames on one side of the room as Steve lifted himself up on the other.
“You, a wizard?” the voice mused, “No. No, not you. Just the recipient of some true wizard's protective charm.” The shape now stood over Steve, a flame once again growing at the end of its wand. Beneath the figure's cloak Steve could now make out his face. It was a man with dark eyes and a long beard as black as night. His eyebrows were wild and articulate, shifting with each change of expression. His eyes were full of hatred. Steve had not seen this man before and yet he recognized him.

“Amadeus.”

Surprise overtook his features completely and then just as quickly the anger returned. “So she has warned you. Pity for you, no warnings can sa-”

The cloaked figure had grown comfortable in his certainty of victory, was taking a moment to relish his success against a long time rival by way of murdering her lover. Steve had no time for that and the moment Amadeus' eyes wandered he flung into motion. In one movement