around Draco's throat and promised to do more than just choke Draco on his cock.

His other hand was wrapped in Draco's overgrown hair; it provided an excellent hand hold and Draco could feel the harsh scrape of Greyback's nails threatening to split his skull open with every thrust.

Draco clenched his hands in the dirt, in his trousers, in the other man's-- whatever gave him a bit of leverage and the reality of something solid. Because he knew any second now he would wake up, sweaty and terrified by the dream but secure in the knowledge that his father could never fail, that he would never fail his father, and Severus would never allow him to be gifted to a werewolf, to Fenrir Greyback, as a punishment for those failures.

Except the blood that ran into his eyes burned and he was so short of breath he was gagging and a monster out of his nightmares was using him like a 2-Knut whore.

Greyback came fast, encouraged by the presence of blood just as Severus had taught them in third year. He poured himself into Draco's clenching throat with a howl that immediately silenced the forest around them and startled hundreds of birds into the air.

He pressed deeper, shoving himself down Draco's inexperienced throat, making it impossible for the blond to swallow his come so it slipped past his parted lips, dribbling down Draco's pointed chin.

Draco gagged again, jerking away to vomit on the ground.

Greyback let him, pissing on the spot Draco had only seconds ago occupied. 

It was Draco's only warning.

.oOo.

Once it started it didn't stop, Greyback had finally gotten a taste and Draco knew it wouldn't stop until he had gone too far, until Draco was lost and broken. Until he knew his place.

Draco shuddered, praying for his father to hurry.

.oOo.

The first time caught Draco completely unaware. He'd been with Greyback for ages now and was slowly becoming accustomed to waking with his mouth full of a disgusting cock. But apparently he wasn't learning fast enough.

He choked, sputtering awake as the thick stream passed over his chin, soaking the ragged collar of his shirt before hitting him in the face again.

Draco scrambled backward, slamming into the hard brick and stopping because that was as far as he could go. And Greyback only stepped closer, pissing in Draco's hair so he could watch it pour over his clenched shut eyes and grimacing mouth.

He made Draco suck him clean after, coming down the boy's throat when his timid ministrations made him hard enough to do it.

Draco gagged, spitting as much of it out as he could but swallowing so much it was a struggle not to vomit as well.

Draco hoped it was a one time thing, vowing to wake before Greyback, knowing that if he could just please the man somehow... Knowing it was all an exercise in futility but unable to give up hope, unable to give up on someone saving him. His parents, Severus, even the Dark Lord. Surely the degradation had been enough punishment.

But another week passed, Greyback pissing on him whether he was awake or not, making Draco suck him off after like it was the most delightful game.

The werewolf even came to him at random times, opening his fly while he waited for Draco to grudgingly fall to his knees, mouth opening for his cock only to snap shut when he began to piss.

He laughed when Draco was crouched on the ground, trying to take breaths through his mouth so he wouldn't smell it, through his nose when the taste made him gag.

He left him stinking with it, alone for a little while.

It disgusted him when he got used to the smell of it, never the taste though. He even stopped sneaking baths because that only encouraged Greyback.

He tried not to think about what mother and father would say to him now, about what he'd let this man do to him. That wasn't right of course, Draco knew he had little choice in it and that he wouldn't even be here if his father hadn't failed.

It didn't make him feel much better anyway.

Easier to focus on the pain than the hurt.

.oOo.

Especially when Greyback shoved his face into the dirt and ripped through Draco's one pair of trousers.

Draco screamed and spit, trying to claw his way free as Greyback forced him onto his knees. His ragged nails tore long bloody scratches over every part of Greyback that he could reach but it was the night before the full moon and the wolf was hungry.

After months of living and sleeping on the forest floor, his clothing was threadbare and no match for the brutality of Greyback. Something inside of Draco snapped when the older man tore away his pants, something primal and desperate that let him bolt out of the man's hold and scrabble across rocks and bracken in a useless attempt to break free.

Greyback dragged him back again, across rocks that cut and twigs that clung, burying themselves in tender flesh.

He