his stomach and he ran out of class as soon as it was over.

And, despite the fact that Albus did what he did mainly to be accepted by his peers, he got the exact opposite of what he wanted. Word spread fast about how not only was Albus the first Potter to be in Slytherin, he was a bully as well. People shoved him and bad mouthed him to his face, demanding to know if he’ll do the same to them.

“You think cause you’re a Potter you can do what you want?”

It wasn’t fair. He did it once and he gets bad mouthed. What about everyone else who did it? Why do they get off scot free?

Albus was frustrated. Even Rose was mad at him, although she couldn’t focus on Albus’ bad behavior too much. Because of her friendship with Scorpius, she got teased a lot as well. Saying she treated him like a charity case, that she had a crush on him…

Man. That kid just ruins everything, he’d think.

Regardless of his frustrated feelings, he still felt guilty. He never got to properly apologize to Scorpius for what he did, although he’s not sure the boy would care to listen to it. The only good thing that came out of this was no one tried to steal his hearing aids again. Professor McGonagall put out a statement stating that if anyone tried to fool around with his hearing aids again, each house would loose 100 points.

No one wanted to do that, so people stopped.

When he tried to escape from his class, Neville stopped him at the door.

“Can we talk?” he’d ask, pulling Albus aside. He’d wait for the class to empty before speaking.

“Al, what happened between you and Scorpius?” He asked, brows furrowed with concern. “Its not like you do what you did.”

Albus frowned and looked down, pulling at his tie.

“I don’t know….I just—I thought people would leave me alone if I did it…Everyone kept talking about how there was something wrong with me and I just—I thought…No one believes me but—but I didn’t mean to hurt him..!” Albus blabbered, his eyes stinging with frustrated tears.

He felt Neville’s hand on his shoulder.

“I believe you Al.” He’d say softly. “I don’t think you wanted to hurt him. And I know it can be hard to resist pressure like that from your classmates…But its not worth hurting someone to gain acceptance. Physically or otherwise.”

Albus sniffled, rubbing his eyes.

“I know….You’re right. I feel really bad about it. You don’t hate me…?”

Neville would snort and give Albus a hug.

“I could never hate you Al! You’re a good kid. You just have a lot of pressure on you.” Albus felt his hand ruffle up his already messy hair.

“Have you apologized to Scorpius?” He’d ask as Albus rubbed his cheeks dry.

“Well….No. I mean—I apologized in the headmasters office but….”

“Maybe you should tell him your sorry.” Neville suggested gently. “I think he’d really appreciate knowing that you’re sorry.”

And so Albus wrote a small letter.

For as short and simple as it was, it look Albus two hours to figure out what to say. He was worried if Scorpius read the note and thought his tone was mean or careless. He wished he could make himself as clear as possible, but this was all he could do.

When Albus was nearing his third hour of brain storming while under the covers in his dorm late at night, he finally wrote up something he felt okay with.


“Scorpius, I wanted to say I am really truly sorry for what I did. Not because I got in trouble, but because I knew what I did was wrong and I did it anyway, and you got hurt because of me. I won’t make excuses and you don’t have to forgive me. I am really sorry and I promise I’ll leave you alone for now on. I hope the scratches are all better too. I’m sorry.”


Feeling happy with his note as well as extremely tired from the late hour, Albus’ decided to give him the note tomorrow.

—

He kept chickening out.

Every time he saw Scorpius, Albus would think, ‘this is it! I’ll go and give him my note!’ and then found himself frozen in place.

They share every class and he’s wasted every opportunity. He tried to have Neville give it to Scorpius, since the boy seemed to spend a lot of time in the herbology room, but his god father told him it was important for Albus to do it himself.

By the end of the day, Albus was picking up trash by the lake as instructed by Mr. Filtch for his detention, cursing himself for his cowardice.

It was then, however, that he