It’ll help. Drink it!”

"Let me go. Please." Sobbing. "I beg you."
"I will not lose you to him. Don’t you understand? This is the only way."
“Don’t! You… can’t!”
“Watch me.” 

She did.

Eventually, he helped her rise to her feet, but remained close to her. The dizziness was slow to pass, but thankfully, it did. She cradled her face in her hands, overwhelmed with the whirl of emotions she experienced.

She felt drained, weak. 

Hollow. 

“Are you alright?”

She looked at him, surprised to find he was there. “I’m—I’m sorry,” she stammered, frowning. “I don’t—what happened?”

“You were unconscious when I saw you,” he replied. 

“I…was?” She couldn’t remember. What was she doing before—

“Your color’s coming back,” he said, laying a hand against her cheek. “Good. I was really worried. How do you feel?”

Empty. “Fine, I guess.”

“You should be fine now, luv. I’m here. You’re safe.” He took her in his arms. “You’re safe with me.”



“What did you do to her?” she asked, straining to free herself from her bonds. As usual, she was met with resistance and more bruises for her effort. “Answer me Malfoy!”

Draco glanced at her, irritation evident on his face. “She’s safe,” he answered. “That’ll all you need to know.” He took a potion from his robes and uncapped it. 

Her eyes rounded as she saw the vial. “What are you--?” She swallowed nervously. “You’re stupid if you think I’m going to drink that. You hear me? Don’t even—”

“You think so?” Kneeling, he grabbed a fistful of her hair and yanked it backward. “For someone about to die, you say too much.” And he smiled. 

She kept her lips tightly shut, but he squeezed her cheeks hard enough until she was forced to open her mouth. Draco swiftly poured the contents in, then covered her nose and mouth with his palm. He waited a few seconds, waited until she was deprived of air, waited until she swallowed the liquid.

He let her breathe only after she did.

The effect was instantaneous – he had increased the dosage so that the potion’s duration and results would be more believable, drastic. Immediately her appearance changed, until the person that was sprawled on the floor was not the woman he dragged in here moments before.

Something in him snapped as he stared at her, bound and bruised. Reminding himself that it wasn’t her, he took a silk cloth then gagged her with it. 

It’s not her. It’s not her. 

But the hate and the tears on her face almost convinced him it was.

“Think of it this way,” he spoke, not looking at her as he did. “You’ll be giving your life – for hers. You’ll be saving your friend, and in the end, don’t all Gryffindors want to do just that?” 

“Master Malfoy,” a servant wheezed. “It’s time.” He opened the door.

“Hear that, luv?” Draco grinned. “It’s time.”

He dragged her, kicking and screaming, all the way to the room where Lucius and the Dark Lord were waiting. He dragged her to the very center of the room, where hundreds of Death Eater eyes also watched with glee. Draco executed a bow learned long ago from his father, then spoke reverently, “To you, my master, I present to you as proof of my quest for absolution, as sacrifice to prove my loyalty - Hermione Granger."

“Do it,” the Dark Lord urged, his bony hands clutching his seat, a crazed, bloodlust expression on his face.

Draco looked at his father first, and sure enough, there was nothing but pride on his face. He lifted his wand, pointed it straight at her head. His voice was strong, his words uttered with complete conviction.

“Avada Kedavra. ”

When the deed was done, Draco graciously volunteered to dispose of the body himself, and Voldemort, pleased that the young Malfoy was proving to be an ingenious subject, agreed. 

The next morning, Ginny Weasley was found dead in the Forbidden Forest. 




It was an unbearably boring day. Customers were slow in coming, and those who did managed not to buy anything at all. 

She had to force herself to smile when the small bell on her door chimed, signaling the arrival of either an onlooker or customer. But the smile became more genuine when she saw it was him. 

“Hello,” she greeted.

He smiled back. “Good morning,” he said, all impeccable breeding and manners. He inspected the bookmarks that lined her counter. “How’s your day, luv