rang of several coins knocking together. "That will be enough to buy you everything you need. If you get some of your supplies second-hand, you'll be able to buy a bit more than the basics."

Cole stared at Professor Cornfoot, waiting for the man to elaborate on what exactly 'the basics' were. When the professor didn't, he thought back to his letter and remembered there being a second parchment. Under Professor Cornfoot's approving gaze, he pulled his letter from his pocket and shifted his acceptance letter aside. Along with his acceptance letter, he'd been given a train ticket and a supplies list. The supplies list read:


HOGWARTS SCHOOL



of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY



UNIFORM



First-year student will require:



1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)



2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear



3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)



4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)



Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags



COURSE BOOKS



All students should have a copy of each of the following:


The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1)  by Miranda Goshawk

A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot

Magical Theory  by Adalbert Waffling

A Beginners' Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch

One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi  by Phyllida Spore

Magical Drafts and Potions  by Arsenius Jigger

Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander

The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble


OTHER EQUIPMENT



1 wand



1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)



1 set glass or crystal phials



1 telescope



1 set brass scales



Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad



PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS


As Cole looked over the list, Professor Cornfoot got up and went over to the bar. He returned just as Cole finished reading the list with two bottles of a yellowish substance labeled 'Butterbeer' in his hands.

"It's good. You'll like it," the professor said encouragingly, upon sitting back down across from Cole and setting down one of the bottles in front of the boy.

Tentatively, Cole reached out and picked up the bottle that Professor Cornfoot clearly intended for him to drink. "Thank you, sir," he said, before taking his very first sip of the concoction. As creamy and smooth as butterscotch, yet no so sickeningly sweet, the liquid crossed his tongue and slid down his throat. Its coolness was refreshing, and he couldn't help but smack his lips and take another sip as soon as he was through with the first. Madam Taft never allowed them treats like this. As he swallowed down his second swig of what was now his new favorite drink, he forced himself to put the bottle down and not drink anymore of it right away. He wanted to savor it.

When Cole looked up at Professor Cornfoot, he found the professor watching him with sadness that the man tried to hide behind a friendly demeanor. It was a look that he was more than familiar with. As he looked back down at his supplies list, he vowed not to drink anymore of the butterbeer, his pride rejecting the professor's pity.

"What all can I get second-hand?" Cole kept his eyes fixed upon his supplies list. While having brand new things sounded wonderful and a bit like a dream, he was a realist. New things would become old things, meaning that he might as well have boughten them second-hand to begin with. It was how he had justified the hand-me-down cloths, toys, book-bags, and the like that he'd owned over the course of his young life. He saw no reason for his status quo to change just because he'd be going to a school that taught magic in September. After all, it wasn't like he could be marked anymore of an orphan by second-hand things than by his very name and his inability speak with confidence when he told people that August 1st was his birthday. He'd been given a name and a day of birth, because he needed a name and day of birth. What his parents had actually named him and what day he'd truly been born on … he'd give anything for that sort of information.

"You can get your robes second-hand, probably a lot of your books as well," Professor Cornfoot said informatively. "I wouldn't suggest getting a second-hand wand or cauldron. It's best to know what potions have been brewed in your cauldron and a second-hand wand won't ever allow you to reach your full potential. Phials are rare to find second-hand, but you should have some luck with getting a second-hand telescope and scales."

Cole nodded and looked up at the professor. He noted that the man's butterbeer was almost empty. "Can we go and get my things now, sir? Madam Taft won't like it if I come back late."

"Don't you want to finish your butterbeer?" Professor Cornfoot asked