t forget a time when his misbehavior had been far more dangerous.



“Wormy, that idea was brilliant! The best, really. The look on McGonagall’s face…”



“And her multi-coloured clothes…”



They all dissolved into laughter again, and Remus thought: 

this is good. This is right. 




He didn’t want any of it to ever stop.



--



Their first year in Hogwarts was deceptively calm. Other than that one colourful, massive operation at the start of the year, the rest of the time they were… mild. They spent the breaks between classes exploring the school, discovering hiding places, nooks and crannies. 



Hogwarts was gigantic - almost unrealistically so. It was also centuries old, and an actual castle at some point in time (which was insanely cool), so there were many secret passages that led to various wings and concealed rooms. In fact, they’d even found one behind a witch statue that could only be opened by moving a flagstone 

how amazing is that 

and which led out of the school.



They only used it twice, but it was good for, well, future reference. And knowledge. Knowledge is always a good thing. 



They totally didn’t plan on making use of it for nefarious purposes, nope, not at all. 



More than a few times, they’d gotten lost and ended up late to class, but it was fairly common for first year students and they’d get off with just a warning. The castle is so labyrinthine and confusing that Remus could swear sometimes it 

changes.




And thus, James came up with the idea to draw a map of the entire school. It was a huge undertaking, as none of them had any clue how to draw things to scale - they could hardly measure the length of all the corridors and rooms, that’d just be 

boring 

- so they ended up estimating more often than not. As it turned out, Peter had a talent for cartography and an eye for distances, so most of his drawings were fairly accurate (James got tasked with the labelling, however, because Peter’s handwriting looked like a bunch of ants writhing in a fire). 



Remus did his homework, Sirius didn’t; James sped through all of his, leaving a trail of careless mistakes, and Peter mourned for the pieces of work he’d mysteriously lose all the time. They had numerous theories and excuses for that, but McGonagall regarded all of them with suspicion.



Remus read his books, kept melting chocolate in his pocket and forced himself not to feel lonely whenever his dad was out working two jobs. 



He had friends, he was doing well in school, and he was just beginning to settle into his skin. He’d stopped feeling the simmering anger that had kept him sane just a year or two ago, the itching need for violence and destruction and 

back the hell away from me right now

, perhaps because it was just impossible for him to be mad at James or Sirius or Peter. One of them would crack an insensitive joke, someone would smack him for it, and they’d all laugh over it and forget all about it two days later. Remus didn’t think he’d been quite so content in a long time. 



He still went to Ramona once every two months, but he could tell that the decrease in number of sessions and hence expenses was a relief to his dad. Or it could simply be that he’d finally stopped worrying as much over Remus now. Lyall was still overworked and tired, and sometimes he’d drift off in the middle of asking Remus about his day over the kitchen table, but he smiled more and he said ‘I’m glad’ often when Remus talked about Hogwarts and the Marauders. 



Remus would reply him with ‘me too’, the warmth of his father’s smile and their shared dinner filling him with hope. On those days, the empty third chair at the kitchen table didn’t sting like a fresh cut. It ached like nothing else ever would, but the wound was scabbing over and they were healing - both of them. 



Remus thought that, maybe, just maybe, his mother would be proud. 


Second year began with a bang, quite literally. 

A group of sixth years had set off fireworks the moment the bell rang for first period, which meant that the entire first block was declared Self Study as the teachers sorted through the mess. Naturally, no one did any self-study.

During that time, James gathered the four of them and announced, “Fellow brothers-in-arms, that,” he pointed out the window at where the fireworks had burst, “will be us in five years. In fact, we’ll be even flashier than that.” 

“Why wait so long?” Peter asked. “That can be us anytime we want to.”

“Good thinking, Pete,” Sirius agreed with a grin and a slap on his back, “We’ll be the best pranksters to ever set foot in Hogwarts.” 

“So start planning now, comrades!” James continued. “Especially you,