of a number of other subjects as well. There would be wizard health class, muggle science class, an introduction to the magical world class, and both wizarding and muggle history classes. It would be free for all magical children, both magical and muggle born and would place the children of the two groups on an equal playing field from a very young age. If friendships were formed early on, then those children would most likely be prevented from ever taking up arms against each other.

            Nott was soo boring that Harry actually fell asleep while the wizard blathered on. Yes, wizarding primary school was a good idea. No, Harry didn’t really care about the details. He’d probably care a great deal once Eiona was of school age, but his daughter was still not quite two, so he didn’t care. He tried to pretend he did and did his best to be civil with Draco’s most pro-muggle friend. But after falling asleep on the wizard, he could only hope Nott didn’t report it back to Draco.

            Greg Goyle and his fiancé Milli were stupid. She was quiet, he was loud, and they had the combined IQ of a doxy, if that. Greg had just found religion, after being spared from Azkaban for his “crimes” during the war. Truth be told, Greg was too stupid to have managed an actual crime and he mostly just stood by and acted as muscle for the people committing the crimes. It was pretty much an open and shut case, so of course he was going to be let go with community service. He didn’t need to start praying to the Mother and the Four Elements and reading tea leaves with his Druid every night. And Harry certainly didn’t want to hear about it. Harry’s only hope for a good report from Greg and Milli was that they were too stupid to realize how awful the meeting had gone.

            Daphne Greengrass, soon to be Nott, was too interested in her own good looks to hold a conversation about anything else. How the bimbo was able to maintain a relationship with the politically minded and seemingly intelligent Theo Nott, Harry couldn’t fathom. He could just imagine the conversations between the two of them.

            “Oh Theo! Do you like my new thousand galleon dress made out of pixy eyes? Don’t you love how the eyes shine in the candle light?” Daphne would ask breathily.

            “Oh no! Not the precious pixies! They’re sentient creatures with rights too! I’m forming an office to ensure they are treated fairly with medical treatment and schooling for all!” Theo would reply passionately.

            Then the two mismatched lovers would kiss and make up. The whole idea made Harry sick. He ended that meeting prematurely, telling Daphne that she and her very expensive dress had to go, because something imaginary had suddenly come up.

            But at least the romance between Theo and Daphne was real, if incomprehensible. The one between Tracey Davis and Vincent Crabbe was completely imaginary. Tracey was downright the most unbearable of Draco’s friends, owing to the fact that she was obsessed with her late boyfriend. Harry didn’t understand why the witch had gone out with the troll in the first place, much less why she continued to pine over Vince years after his death.

            Tracey’s obsession did seem at least in part Draco’s fault, because he’d encouraged her by fabricating a proclamation of undying love in the Room of Requirement, moments before Vince’s death; a proclamation Greg was too stupid to know if he’d heard or not. That was all she wanted to talk to Harry about, insisting that he must’ve heard it, despite the roar of the Fiendfyre and that he was on the other side of the room. When Harry said that he hadn’t, she broke down in tears and took forever to recover.

            Harry had tried to shove Tracey out the door then, but she wanted to stay and ask him more questions, under the impression that Vince must’ve said some other sound bite about her before dying. She was so insistent that Harry almost made up one about wanting her to move on with her life or one about wanting her to jump off a bridge and follow after. It was only the fact that he couldn’t decide between the two that stopped him and made him remember his initial incredulousness that Draco had already placated her.

            Blaise Zabini was the most like Ron out of Draco’s friends, although he was more prejudiced. Ideologically, Harry preferred Theo, but in practice Blaise was a ton of fun. They had a lot in common, because they were both married and expecting children. While Blaise hadn’t made the mistake of asking Pansy for a divorce, he had still made the mistake of marrying Pansy in the first place. She was making him about as miserable with her insane pregnancy requests and rollercoaster hormones as Draco was making Harry with insisting on continuing the divorce. Together they spent many hours griping over their pregnant spouses.

            Quidditch was another thing Harry and Blaise had in common and on their second meeting