a Ravenclaw,” Blaise added, “Not smart enough; but even a Hufflepuff knows better, being loyal and understanding and all. So that leaves...”

Harry glared at him when he directed a wry smile over, “I’ll be really offended if he was a Gryffindor, lions may be tactless but not stupid, you know.”

“Oops?” At least Blaise knew he stepped on the wrong foot. “What if your lack of response pushes the Ministry to discredit you further?”

“Won’t be first time either, I can’t see the harm done,” Harry shrugged, then smiled mischievously, “Then at least I’ll have legitimate reason to sue them for slander and damage of reputation, won’t I?”

“True, but...” Draco’s words trailed off as he saw another note come flying towards Harry. Harry read its content and glanced at Dumbledore, nodding his head subtly and vanishing the note, gulping down the Pepper-Up Potion as he did so.

Draco and the other Slytherins who noticed the exchange narrowed their eyes, and a quick glance at his Father and Godfather showed that they have noticed it as well, and were probably just as clueless about what it was about.

“Harry?”

Harry shook his head in response to Draco’s unasked question, “I can’t say anything about it yet, Draco; it’s something I’d rather validate first before I tell any of you about it.”

Draco frowned, not liking the sound of it.

“I’ll tell you, your Father and Professor Snape about it, soon enough,” Harry promised in a low tone, preventing the other Slytherins from overhearing it, “But until then, please trust my judgement on not divulging the information.”

“Okay,” Draco accepted grudgingly, but he knew better than to keep pushing. “Let’s go to class, then.”


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Draco paced restlessly in his Father’s quarters as they waited for Severus to arrive, Lucius smirked at the apparent anxiety and distress his son displayed, “Draco, do sit down, this pacing around is unfitting for a Malfoy.”

Draco stared at his Father incredulously, he had come to his Father’s quarters after Harry went off, claiming that he had other business with Professor Dumbledore – although he was getting a little suspicious at the increasing amount of time Harry is spending with the Headmaster – demanding to talk to his Father about their intentions towards Harry; but his Father only smiled serenely and told him to wait while he summoned Severus to join the discussion as well.

“Sit down, Draco,” Lucius sighed, if Draco was so agitated from the beginning, the discussion was bound to end up badly. Summoning a house elf, he asked for some hot chocolate for Draco, and Firewhiskey for himself and Severus; he was quite certain that he would either need some alcohol to burn off their frustration during the discussion, or at the end to soothe his nerves.

Severus scowled as he entered the room, he had planned to experiment with the latest potion recipe for healing aftereffects of the Cruciatus curse Harry had procured from the Goblins initially; but now as he saw the occupants of the room, he understood the reason for being called up to Lucius’s quarters without prior notice.

“You are finally here, Severus, Draco was going to wear a hole in the carpet,” Lucius commented jokingly, seeing Severus’ unappreciative glance, he decided they might as well delve directly into the topic. “You wanted to talk about Harry, Draco?”

Huffing indignantly, Draco knew that his Father was simply acting daft this time. “Father, both you and Uncle Severus has been treating Harry differently ever since his vision of Uncle Severus being tortured by the Dark Lord... I know that it is more than just professor-student relationship or fatherly feelings, what do you intend to do about it, Father?”

Lucius was impressed really, he had thought that Draco would come storming their rooms when he first realised their less than innocent interest in Harry Potter, but who knew that Draco had the patience to last two weeks before he came demanding an answer for their actions – even that Smith repented after five days and begged for Harry’s forgiveness, and is currently playing the role of protector for Roslyn, although it seems that many of the Hufflepuffs have yet to forgive him – not to mention that the tone he adopted in his question was absolutely fitting for a Malfoy Heir.

“What do you think we intend to do, Draco? I presume that you do know what our gestures meant,” Lucius was well aware that he was already showing signs of Displaying, and he should start the Courting soon. He had thought Harry looked a little apprehensive when he took off his teaching robes – not to mention that he had worn a rather tight fitting shirt that day – when Harry was in his room for their routine discussion about the DA, or when he tried to carry all the stuff that Harry brought with him, not even accepting no for an answer.

While Severus’ nature did not demand him to Display – regardless