ruffled up in an aristocratic manner quite reminiscent of its previous owners, but relents when the treat in her hand becomes two and allows itself to be pacified by her fingers stroking carefully down its disturbed plumage. Then it flies off to hunt in the overgrown garden – daytime be damned – before setting off for home.



Mother stares after it, looking contemplative and just a little worried. Remus gathers the dishes to wash, and rolls up his sleeves to begin the task.



Celestina Warbeck is crowing through the wireless now, and both Remus and his mother hate her, but neither notices because their thoughts are lost in soap suds and solitary musings. They do this a lot lately, now that there is less to bridge the gap between mother and son.



The sunlight streams peach-coloured through the curtains, soft and gauzy and unsubstantial as a veil. And the upright blades of purple wildflowers sway in the garden, to the beat of a distant military tune.



Finally, as the Warbeck song fades to a characteristic warbling finish, Mother sighs and says in a wistful little girl’s voice, “We wanted ten children. Can you imagine, Remus? Nine little brothers and sisters for you.”



Remus does not look at her. “It wasn’t your fault.”



“Well, whose womb was it? Not your father’s, that’s for certain.”



“Stop it.”



“We just didn’t want you to be alone. Surely...surely, with ten of you...none of you would have to ever be...”



She stops, and her right hand slips into her pocket, where the letter is folded and tucked against her. Remus glances sideways at her and sees the morning light playing across her skin, the morning breeze lifting her hair over her shoulders. He thinks she looks frail and worried and in no shape to be married.



In the garden, the owl screams, and the grasses crash and rustle.



Gently, Remus says, “You would have run out of Greek names for all of them.”



A beat, then Mother tips her chin down and smiles ruefully.



“Oh, darling. Have I taught you nothing?” she parries, and suddenly they are marching forward again, as though grinding to a halt had never occurred, as though faltering had never been possible.



Remus has learned this game by rote, and sees his advantage. He presses, “I’m serious. There are only so many mythical names that can hope to match up well with ‘Lupin’.”



And Mother knows this too, and retaliates, “As always, you are hopelessly unimaginative, my dear. So like John. I’m sure I could find at least ten.”



“I doubt that.”



“A doubter! Why, I’m certain I could find twenty!”



And they laugh, easily, and it is summer again, and not the winter of ’74 (Father was sick and feverish, and the road was dark and icy and hard. He remembers). Mother curls her fingers around the nape of Remus’ neck so that he can feel every callused fingerprint on his sun-warmed skin.



Mother says, “Sirius may come to the wedding. Write and tell him.”



Remus nods, slowly, feeling her nails scratch his nape just slightly. She smiles, and kisses his cheek, and wanders away. Moments later, he can hear her singing upstairs, up in the dusty sunny study where she keeps the peach and purple dress on an old sewing mannequin.


=====


Sirius attracts stares at the reception. Some of the family know him on sight; most do not. All are too polite to ask why he, the strange boy-almost-a-man, is there.



Just before luncheon, Mother kisses Remus and hugs him tight, calling him her little boy softly in his ear, so that no one else hears the quiver of desperation that he has been hearing since August, 1967.



(It’s been ten years. Still, she is in pain over this. How to explain to his mother that he is no longer a child? How to say, “Mother, I am no longer afraid”?)



Then she turns and presses a single, precise kiss to Sirius’ cheek. Years of mischief-making and idle, boredom-induced research are given proper use at last, as he has modified a charm of James’ invention, and now foxgloves sprout in the grass wherever she walks. She is delighted by them and skips in the grass like a girl to make them grow just for her, purple flowers for her purple wedding. For this, Sirius gains favour.



(How to say, “Mother, I am going to the war”?)


=====


Benevolently, the bride’s new husband beams as he watches her. He is so in love. He believes she will be this way forever, prancing, tiptoeing in tiny purple shoes as his new mother-in-law tries to get her to sit down for luncheon.



He wears a peach necktie and lilac shirt to complement her, to complete her splendid, simple summer wedding. She had asked for these colours, had insisted