then Disapparating with Minerva. Potter extended his hand to him.'What a pity you don't have a wand….' He sighed.Snape was glad for the Disapparition coming immediately afterwards, because he was sure his face betrayed his thoughts about this sentence. His own wand was destroyed… Nobody else would have even thought about giving a wand to a slave… not just a slave, but a murderer…Severus took the place his owner pointed to him and watched the proceedings absent-mindedly. Master Potter wore emerald green dress robes and a matching tie – the slave could guess that it was mistress Potter's idea. Mistress Potter herself wore a golden dress that did not look new at all.Everyone was outshined by the bride's entrance, though. Snape tried to focus his gaze on the silhouette of Miss Granger – anything just not to watch the man who was becoming her husband. He was not sure how master Ronald Weasley would react to his being here…Suddenly instead of the wedding of Granger and Weasley he saw another one in front of his eyes. The bridegroom had messy black hair – the bride, red. Severus knew it was not his owners' wedding – he was not present then. Whose then was it? Then the bride turned around and he saw green eyes – the eyes of the woman who haunted his dreams.He shook his head, trying to get rid of the stubborn memory. He did not want to think about it, he didn't. He did not want to remember the woman whose name was Lily… He felt someone's hand on his shoulder.'Are you well?' his owner asked.His owner. Potter. Lily's son. Snape felt like he was about to be sick. He dug his fingers into his hair, as if he was trying to pull out the stubborn memories. He wanted to forget, forget…! "Sev…" he heard her voice in his mind. No… he was Sev no more. He was a slave!Severus did not even notice when the wedding ended. He tried to calm down; breathing slowly didn't help; so he started to list the ingredients for the Potions in his mind, yet each and every one only served to remind him how he had worked with Lily in Slughorn's classes…When he was a little more aware, he heard a female voice.'Severus, what happened? You look like you've seen a ghost'Another face appeared in his field of vision. A familiar face, yet Snape saw only green eyes in this moment. Lily's eyes. Lily. Lily is here – he thought and before he could wonder about that, he started to speak in a frenzied, emotion-filled voice.'Lily, you cannot marry him… you can't… he'll lead you to your death… Lil, you've got to run away… do not trust the Marauders… Black and Pettigrew are not trustworthy… you can't, Lily… take the boy and run… V-Voldemort is looking for him…'Severus heard a loud intake of breath.'I am not Lily.' the voice said 'I am not Lily Evans'Snape felt blackness encompass him. He heard like from behind a wall:'It could be expected… I could have expected it… Severus!'

Tbc.

Severus woke up the next morning in a bad mood. He hoped the happenings of the day before had been only a bad dream. It wasn't so, unfortunately – he was tormented by memories all night long. He took several deep breaths, determined to calm himself down.He got up and was walking towards the door to check if little master Teddy is still asleep, when he heard it. Soft crying, nearly soundless. For a moment he thought it's Lupin's brat, but no – the sound was coming from the masters' bedroom. He put his ear to the door. Had master Potter been wounded?'Harry, please, wake up, it's only a bad dream…'Snape recognized Ginny Potter's voice. A bad dream? Potter was crying like a baby because of a bad dream? Laughable – he thought. He shook his head to chase away such thoughts. It seemed yesterday had shaken him more than he thought. He knew that his identity will be trying to return with his memories… the identity of a Death Eater. A murderer.'No! Don't do that! Mum, no! Move aside! Mum!'Severus froze. He rubbed at his eyes. It was not possible in any way for Potter to remember this. He was only one. Well, one and a few months – just like little master Teddy, it crossed his thoughts – but there was no option for him to remember it. He was too little.His owner was just awakened – roughly. Tears were sliding down his cheeks, yet he did not make a sound. Ginny hugged her husband, and then rocked him like she would a small child. After a moment she reached towards the night table and took a vial out of the