; he hopes she interprets it as a warning to shut up and not the shudder of desire it was. He forces himself up and shoves her hands away so he can push her skirts up and get his fingers under the elastic of her panties before pulling them down – giving up halfway and shoving his hand against her, finding her clit and rubbing it with his thumb with his other fingers sink inside of her. She groans and reaches down to pull her own underwear, snapping one side so she isn't tangled. He's thought about it before and he thinks – maybe – Lucius has too. It's always been strange between them; the age difference and class difference and their friendship despite it. Once when Lucius was particularly shell-shocked, they'd sat together after and talked quietly about nothing, their elbows and arms pressed incidentally together, more than fleeting, childlike if not for everything else about them. He'd wondered.

“I bet you'd let him fuck you, too,” Bellatrix says, canting her hips up to try and grind against his hand. “But it'd be better watching him try and– Ngh. Hurry up.” 

Severus undoes his trousers and shoves them down. Bellatrix snakes a hand in to pull him out of his underwear, stroking over his erection, impossibly hard and already wet and pushed far out of his foreskin. He grunts and pushes her away again before grabbing her knees and yanking her where he wants her before leaning in to press the tip of his cock against her opening – wet already and in no need of any further help. He can feel the need in her as it is in him, all impatience and sweat and heat. He'd thought, long moments ago before they'd Apparated from the meeting, that he'd tease her some first, but he's too turned on. Severus shoves inside of her and groans, not stopping until he can't press any further, hips flush against her bottom. Bellatrix squirms and jerks against him, panting harshly. He remembers the first time they fucked. He'd been on his back and she'd slid onto him without preamble, but slowly, face contorted in something between pain and pleasure. You don't look it but you're so much bigger than my husband. He'd come twice while she rode him and stayed hard in between orgasms. Not bad for a virgin.

Severus rocks his hips once, twice, then snaps into her and she gasps – he takes advantage and grabs both her hands, pinning them over her head with his own. She arches and fights it a little but his whole weight is on top of her, and she soon gives up in favor of cinching her legs around his waist as he starts to rock into her again. It's tight and burning hot, the heavy slide of him in and out of her, pressed close enough to be nearly overwhelming for them both. His balls are swollen and pressed high, tapping against her every time he pushes back in. Bellatrix finally gives up talking after a few more attempts and just moans, dropping her head back onto the mattress as he drives in and out of her. The squeeze of her cunt around his dick is incredible, and more than enough to banish any thoughts of irritation or reluctance from his mind as if they'd never been there in the first place. He leans forward even more, forcing them nearly flat, using his weight to press against his pelvis as he fucks her, movements shallow but penetrating deep, barely pulling out of her. 

Bellatrix twitches and makes an 'Oh' sound, pulling against his hands. Severus breathes deep and fucks her quicker, holding inside of her for a longer count, stare unfocused as he restrains himself. It'd be so easy to come right now as she tenses, coiling towards breaking point, but he masters the impulse. He rides through her orgasm as she pants and groans and then makes a soft noise, the kind he didn't think she was capable of before they began sleeping together, but Severus snaps his hips into her instead of stopping. Her breath catches. He does it again, and again, and then pulls out of her, letting go of her hands. Bellatrix is left dazed for a moment and Severus shoves her over onto her front. He feels lightheaded. He yanks her skirts up and palms over her ass, reaching down to press his fingers into her cunt again. She gets the idea and hums her agreement into the duvet cover, hitching her knees apart. Severus gets his hands under her hips and pulls her ass up before shoving his erection back into her. She moans long and needy, and reaches beneath herself to rub her clit while he fucks her more. Harder this time, faster, allowed selfishness at this point. Wetness drips onto the bed beneath them; the front of his slacks are a complete mess, to say nothing of the gauzy layers of her skirt. 

He's not sure if she comes again. He's paying attention to himself now, harsh