be most honoured if you would join me for a cup of tea in my rooms."

Harry lowered his head shyly, "Thank you, Mr. Snape. I would quite enjoy some tea."

Remus stepped out of the stall and leaned against the wall, "I do believe I shall see what is going on in the kitchens. Enjoy your tea, Harry."

Harry watched Remus saunter off, his hands in the pockets of his trousers. He turned back to Severus, warming at the sight of the smirk on the older man's face.

"I do believe your friend fancies Miss Granger," said Severus, gesturing for Harry to follow him. "She is quite a woman."

"If you like that type," Harry shrugged, his hands itching to grab Severus and pin him against the wall with a hard kiss. He knew better though. Nothing outside of Severus's rooms for fear they would get caught.

Severus unlocked his rooms and stepped aside to allow Harry's entrance. The room was comfortably furnished, a fire crackling in the small fireplace. The bedroom was off to the right and Harry immediately headed in that direction.

"Certainly sure of yourself," Severus said, following him after relocking the door. "What if I really desired to have tea with you?"

Harry reached for Severus, wrapping his arms around the taller man's middle, "We can have tea after I ravish you."

"Promises, promises," Severus murmured before lowering his head and capturing Harry's mouth with a fiery kiss.

Harry buried his hand in Severus's dark hair, moaning into the kiss. His other hand was already working on the numerous buttons that lined Severus's vest.

Severus guided Harry to the bed without breaking contact with his mouth, both of them kicking off their boots in the process. With a smirk, he pushed the boy backwards, watching as he stumbled and sat on the bed heavily.

Harry groaned as Severus knelt before him, vest undone and shirt hanging from his trousers. Firm hands, calloused from hard labor, caressed his clothed thighs, fingers nimbly untying the laces of his trousers.

Severus released Harry from his trousers and took him into his mouth with a smooth, practised motion. The boy moaned and leaned back on his elbows, hips circling slowly in the loose grip Severus had.

"Bloody hell," Harry gasped, releasing down Severus's throat after too short a time. He collapsed backwards on the bed, laughing as Severus climbed up and knelt over top of him, pressing kisses to Harry's face. "I was supposed to ravish you."

Harry pushed himself up on his elbows again as Severus rolled off of him and settled against the pillows, an expectant look on his face.

"No one is stopping you."

Harry divested himself of his trousers, dropping them on the floor. He quickly made short work of Severus's shirt, tossing that and his vest aside as well.

"Beautiful," Harry murmured, running firm hands down Severus's pale chest. Muscles twitched and shifted under the skin as Severus moved against his hands. "I could touch you all day."

"We haven't all day," Severus said, his voice hitching as Harry's fingers lingered over his brown nipples. "Do get on with it."

Harry pouted, "Someday we'll have all day. Just the two of us and a bed in a quiet, isolated cottage. I'll make you scream then, Severus."

"You dream too much, child," Severus said as he rested his hands on Harry's hips. "We only have now."

Harry sighed and leaned his weight against Severus, pressing a kiss to a bare shoulder, "I want more."

Severus pushed him away, swinging his legs over the side of the bed, "Do not ask for what I cannot give."

Harry wrapped his arms around Severus's waist from behind, pressing his face against his back, "I will not ask again."

"Idiot child," Severus muttered, looking down at his own thin feet. "We cannot be together."

"Then what is the harm in dreaming if we both know the eventual outcome of our dalliance?"

"You are too young to understand," Severus turned and kissed him again, effectively shutting up the boy. He pushed him back to the bed and stretched out on top of him, thoroughly ravaging Harry's mouth.

Harry accepted the distraction, his arms wrapping around Severus. His hands slid down to Severus's arse, the sturdy fabric of his trousers rubbing against Harry's own bare skin. It was arousing and irritating at the same time.

"Off with them," Harry pulled back for air. He pushed at the trousers. "Now is past the time for you to be clothed."

Severus rolled off of Harry and slid off his trousers. Skin met skin when Harry pressed up against him, his renewed erection sliding against Severus's own. They rocked together, arms and legs intertwined as they shared breath for long stretches of time.

Severus's hand drifted to Harry's arse,