the boy tenderly and stroked his messy locks lovingly.

The brunette mewled softly as the pain slowly subsided. "I'm okay now," he whispered, returning Lucius' kisses.

Lucius slowly pushed in until he was all the way in, kissing the boy all the while.

"You're so big, please fuck me Sir," Harry purred as Lucius gave him a hickey.

The Dominant pulled back slightly before thrusting in again, causing the teen to moan loudly.

"More," Harry whispered wantonly.

Lucius was more than happy to oblige as he withdrew even further before drove back in.

"Oh god, thank you Sir."

Lucius kissed the boy again, their tongues dancing as the passion poured forth from their lovemaking. He reached down and stroked the boy's dick as he continued to make love to him.

Harry gasped into Lucius' mouth, arching his back in pleasure. "I'm gonna cum," he moaned softly.

Lucius moaned in response, thrusting in once more before filling up the teen's arse with cum.

As Harry felt Lucius cumming in him, he cried out as he shot his load all over his and Lucius' chests.

Content, Lucius pulled out and kissed his Pet. He laid down beside Harry and they spooned together until they fell asleep.

 

Draco clung to Severus' body, whimpering slightly. He felt secure and loved with him, but panicked at the thought of letting go.

Severus sensed the boy's feelings and held him tightly as he kissed the top of his head tenderly.

"I love you," Severus whispered softly, causing Draco to look up at him.

Their eyes met as Draco swallowed hard.

He felt his member hardening slightly at the sight of his former Potions professor's handsome features. Deep down, he felt like Severus was lying about loving him; after all, he was unlovable. Feeling the need to impress Severus and earn his true love, Draco moved down towards the foot of the bed. He straddled his Master's legs, struggling to undo the man's robes.

Severus, knowing Draco's nature, knew that although what Draco was feeling were simply fragments of his imagination, he must let Draco justify the situation for himself.

Finally managing to undo all of Severus' robes and garments, Draco, for the first time, came face to face with the man's truly massive cock.


It's got to be at least 10" long!  


Draco moaned wantonly and licked his lips, wrapping a hand around the meaty shaft and stroking it. He licked the base timidly, eliciting a moan from Severus. Encouraged, the blonde began sucking on the large member. He found it to be surprisingly pleasant. 

Severus moaned softly, placing a hand on the blonde's head.


Dammit, his mouth felt sooo good! 


Draco took as much of the delicious cock into his mouth, choking slightly. He looked up at Severus as he sucked enthusiastically. 

Severus almost came as their eyes locked as the boy pleasured him. Instead, he pulled the blonde away from his member, gently tugging him up by his platinum locks. He kissed Draco passionately as time melted away.

Draco moaned into his Master's mouth, grinding against the man's hips.

Severus squeezed Draco's tight arse, causing the boy to moan even louder.

"I love you," Severus repeated, gently playing with the blonde's dick.

"Master, Severus, please, I want your cock," Draco whispered, gasping in pleasure.

"Are you sure you're ready, love?"

Draco nodded, nuzzling against Severus' neck.

Severus gently turned so that they were laying on their sides, spooning. He knew this was one of the best positions for first-time anal as it was quite gentle. He summoned a bottle of lube with a wandless spell, using a generous amount on Draco's tight arsehole. Hugging Draco against his body, Severus positioned the tip of his cock before slowly pushing in.

Draco screamed in pain as his arse stretched to accommodate his Master's length and girth. 

"Do you want me to stop?" Severus asked, kissing the boy's neck.

"No! I just want it in me!" Draco cried out, "Get it over with!"

Severus complied and pushed himself in fully.

Draco shuddered and sobbed, his arse bleeding slightly. Slowly, the pain subsided and was replaced by intense pleasure. He never wanted to acknowledge that he was gay, or at least bisexual, but he knew, in this instant, this was where he was meant to be.

Feeling his Pet relax, Severus began making love to the blonde, slowly and gently. He stroked the boy's dick and sucked on his earlobe.

Draco groaned, his back arching in  pleasure. All at once, he cried out, a wave of intense pleasure washed over him, as Severus hit his prostrate.

"Oh fuck," Draco moaned, shivering with pleasure.

Hearing Draco moan nearly cause Severus to cum. He loved the boy and the fact that Draco was enjoying the experience was the best feeling in the