drunk from a bottle that tasted something like gasoline, she hid in the darkened alley and pounced - literally jumped - on a poor guy who happened to pass by.

"What the-"

She wore enough frilly perfume for the man to understand that she was a woman. She didn't have large breasts but she used them anyway, and pressed them against a chest broader than hers, thank goodness. When he spoke, she snaked her arms around his neck and breathed on his skin. He was taller than her, but just barely.

He gripped her arms, almost to the point of pain. "Lady, I don't know what the fuck you think you're doing, but-"

Ah, bloody hell. She knew that voice. What the hell was Draco Malfoy doing here? Premiere bachelor, number one on the lists of men women everywhere wanted to shag, and he ended up here, where she was prowling for a guy to practically maul?

Of all people-

Well. Of all people.

It didn't matter. It was dark and he wouldn't know her, and it was too late to back down now anyway.

His breath smelled of mint, and she thanked her luck while he threatened her life. She shook her head - stupid move because he couldn't see her - and then said, "Kiss me."

He gripped her arms harder, and now it hurt. "What?"

Maybe she should have hit his head. He'd be unconscious, yes, but then she could kiss him and experiment a little and she'd finally have the right to brag that, yes, I tounged a man. He was gorgeous, too.

"I'm talking to you!" While his voice soared to higher octaves it still remained in the masculine realm of tones. Bravo. Tonight was definitely her lucky night.

She pulled her hands free. In the dark she felt powerful, wild and wanton to the point of sin. She hooked one finger into the waistband of his pants, the other traced circles on his chest, and her lips found their way to the skin just below his ear. She read somewhere that this was a sensitive spot. She mumbled, "Kiss me," and a shiver passed through his body and she felt it. Hermione allowed her nails to scrape against what she figured was his nipple, again and again, and his hand came up to capture hers to halt her movements. But she still had one hand free, didn't she? So she used that to creep up inside his shirt, feeling all the muscles underneath.

She also read somewhere that the point where a man becomes a completely mindless puppet was when all their blood had stopped rushing north because they were too busy rushing south. There was something hard pressing against her thigh. Was that it? Was she the cause of it? Gamely she moved her leg - left, right - and he groaned. She whispered for the third time, "Kiss me." This time she added a little bit of tongue and licked his ear.

Her luck was turning against her. She was running out of ideas and if he still didn't make a move she would-

"You're going to regret asking me for it."

Before she could even frown at that, he had moved so fast that suddenly the next thing she felt was him on her, and the wall behind her. Her arms were trapped between them and she couldn't see - whose idea was it for this blasted darkness anyway? - but she could smell his minty breath and feel his ominous presence and knew she was not in control anymore.


Oh, boy.


She felt something soft against her neck and she shivered. "You smell so good," he said, and she was about to tell him what her perfume was but then she couldn't because his mouth was on hers. Finally.

But her feeling of triumph was short-lived.

As far as first kisses went, this was insane. Terribly so. It was intense, hot and wet and crazy. She couldn't breathe - his skin was too close, and his tongue... oh dear. She had always thought that she would gag once a guy kissed her. No, really. Something about saliva and unclean teeth and health issues-

But this... this was...

He was practically nibbling on her bottom lip, and she wanted to do something - either push him away or pull him nearer, she didn't know. But when she moved her hands he captured them again and held them high above her head. With one hand. The other went wandering down her body - pausing at strategic parts - and lifted the hem of her dress and...

Oh. Oh.

He released her lips, and they both drew shaken breaths. He tangled his fingers in her hair, his forehead against hers and demanded, "Who the hell are you?"

She wanted to tell him that she was the most beautiful woman in the world. She certainly felt like it. But they were in the dark now, and come light he would