once to the right, as the instructions told him, impassively glancing over at Granger and Weasley at their station. He bit back a laugh as Weasley - the bumbling idiot - dropped his elbow into the mixture and began flailing about girlishly, freezing instantly at the icy glare Granger shot him. Draco’s lip quirked slightly, now that he’d given it some thought, the bushy-haired girl would’ve been a half bad Slytherin with a glare like that.

“Are we done yet, Malfoy? I’d quite like to eat sometime today.” Draco shrieked, jumping back at the closeness of Potter’s voice and slapping a hand onto the back of his neck where chills rolled down his spine. It all seemed to happen in slow motion, the blonde had accidentally backed into the pot, turning ridged as it tumbled and bounced onto the floor with an ominous clang!

Heads turned and the entire room seemed to silence as Draco’s rage exploded like a boiling kettle, “God fucking damn it, Potter!” He roared, his usually pale face, screwed up and pink with rage. His hair was slightly dishevelled and his robes were askew, but none of that mattered as he yanked Potter by the shirt, switching their positions to slam him against the desk, “I’m usually the first one out of this bloody class, but we’ve been here for hours and you’re still fucking everything up!”

The dark-haired boy’s expression of shock quickly contorted into one of savage fury as he shoved back on Malfoy, green eyes narrowed behind the frames of his glasses, “I’m fucking everything up? That’s rich, I didn’t think it was me who threw that last one on the floor!”

The blonde’s hands captured Potter’s arms, pinning them to his sides as he sneered back, “I wouldn’t have dropped it if you hadn’t been breathing down my neck.”

“Well I wouldn’t have done that if you’d been paying attention!”

“It wasn’t my fault that your bloody Weasel was making a racket!” Neither of them noticed Professor Slughorn nervously flitting about, nor did they pay any heed to their fellow classmates.

“Don’t you dare insult my friend!” Harry spat, nose scrunching as he wrenched his arms from Malfoy’s grip.

“I don’t need to, he’s that much of an idiot that he does it himself. I feel sorry for Granger, she has to deal with a bumbling freckly baboon for a boyfriend!”

“You-! You- Oh you’re so bloody egotistical and arrogant and repressed!” Harry growled, they were so close now that their noses were practically touching. So close that Malfoy’s heated puffs of breath were fogging up Harry’s glasses. So close that Draco could essentially count the colours in Potter’s eyes.

“Repressed? Repressed? I’ll show you repressed!” He ground out, yanking sharply on Potters hair as he dug his long nails into the other boy’s scalp. Harry gave a small hiss as he yanked the blond’s hand from his hair.

“You fight like a bloody girl, Malfoy.”

“Shut the hell up, Potter.” Draco breathed, their gazes clashing heatedly.

There was a silence, everyone waited for what was to happen next, “Make me.” Harry dared.

Then, soft, thin lips silenced him, his glasses fogged up so much that he couldn’t even see, but he barely registered that as his eyes drifted shut. There was a collective gasp that neither of them heard, both far too engrossed in what they were doing. They kissed like they fought, relentless, passionate, single-minded, only focused on one goal, as if it were a game of cat and mouse. If Harry pushed forwards, Draco would push back, but Harry would not give up without a struggle, he drove against the Slytherin, forcing him to stumble back. Draco hoisted him half up onto the desk so he was perched slightly on the edge, toes still touching the ground. Harry smirked slightly when Draco’s lips opened with a gasp - various elixir ingredients crushing under the blonde’s palms as his long fingers clenched around the edge of the table, however as soon as Harry’s tongue swiped at his bottom lip, he was lost and craving for more. His hand shot out, head twisting and teeth clashing as he jerked fiercely on the Gryffindor’s tie.

At some point Pansy walked in to see where Draco was (he was usually out within half an hour of Extra Potions and she was not worried Blaise was just getting on her tether) froze, eyes wide and jaw dropped, then rushed over to Hermione, who was still working on her own potion (the two girls were becoming fast friends thanks to Ginny Weasley, who was in Pansy’s Arithmancy class and despite what Draco says, no she did not have a crush on the Weaselette… maybe...) and instantly asked what was going on. Of course, that’s