to shut him up and probably not entirely because he was about to come from Draco's words alone.

Draco smirked anyway, teasing his fingers under Harry's waistband and trailing them toward the head of Harry's prick straining against the clasp of his denims. “You can fuck me raw,  Harry,” he promised, his words ghosting over Harry's parted lips. “If you'd only take me home.”

Harry's expression was almost fierce as he fingered the buttons of Draco's trousers, his fingertips stroking Draco's slick cock over and over while Draco panted and clung.

“I want to taste your arse first,” Harry bargained, gripping Draco's arsecheeks with his free hand and pressing his fingertips in between.

Draco shuddered, moaning long and low and sucking in a shaky breath. He nodded frantically, practically writhing in Harry's arms. “Yes, yes, I want that,” he agreed readily. “I want your mouth on my cock and arse, my throat, my fucking elbows,” he growled, rolling his hips and arse into the countering touches Harry was subjecting him to.

“You'd let me eat your arse, Malfoy,” Harry asked, feeling Draco's hole clench against the press of his fingers even through his clothing. “Right here in this filthy fucking loo? You'd let me suck and kiss and tease your sweet little hole until I knew for sure it was right for my cock?”

“God,” Draco breathed, his pupils blown wide as he simply stared at Harry.

“Do you want it,” Harry demanded, stealing Draco's answer in a hungry and punishing kiss.

Draco thought he might die, might actually go up in flames before Harry drew back enough for him to answer properly. Even still it took him a few stunned moments to put his thoughts together in coherent order.  “Yes,” he finally mumbled. “Suck me, fuck me, fill me with your come, your cock, your fingers,” he begged, giving a startled cry when rough fingers turned him and shoved him up against the stall partition. He braced his hands against the sticky wall with a grimace, his fingertips white as he fought not to reach for Harry again, his hips rocking and twisting, pushing his arse out for Harry.

Strong and greedy hands circled his waist, palming his aching cock before reaching for his zipper.

Draco wiggled his hips, trying to get the offending material off quickly so that Harry could...

Warm lips traced over his shoulder, pressing soft and gentle kisses as his spine flexed in a fruitless attempt to leave him bare from the waist down too.

“Harry,” he moaned, resting his forehead against the back of his left hand and watching his cock bob in enthusiastic response to Harry's touch.

“Soon,” Harry promised against his blushing skin, his fingers hooking in Draco's waistband as he dragged the material and his mouth lower. He left Draco's back dotted in the proof of his passage, careful to suck without using his teeth.

The swell of Draco's arse was treated to his tongue as well, Draco's trousers and pants puddled around his ankles so  Harry could grasp the firm cheeks of his arse and squeeze appraisingly.

“I love your arse,” he whispered against the small of Draco's back, teasing his index finger through that lovely pink furrow. “It's made for my hands.”

Draco arched back, pushing his arse into Harry's hands and opening himself further. “Harry,” he gasped, practically sobbing.

Harry smiled, circling that small hole with the tip of his finger and pressing his teeth into Draco's plump flesh with a hard bite.

Draco shouted, bucking against that teasing finger even as dark red flushed the superficial wound. “Fuckfuckfuck, Harry,” he gasped, looking back over his shoulder to find Harry on his knees with his cock out. He moaned despite himself, spreading his feet wider still. “Fuck me, Harry,” he begged.

Harry's smile warmed him though Draco thought he might die when Harry refused.

“I haven't had my taste yet,” he scolded Draco like a naughty child, his expression so stern Draco's cock gave a warning twinge, precome dribbling down his shaft.

“Taste me,” Draco demanded. “Just a lick,” he warned, determined to play the petulant child if that meant Harry would fuck him.

“One lick,” Harry agreed, stroking his fingers down Draco's heaving sides and gripping his arse once again. “Just an appetizer, something to wet my tongue,” he breathed, parting Draco's arsecheeks with his thumbs. “Just a tease,” he breathed, blowing warm air across Draco's spasming hole.

“Harry,” Draco growled, thrusting his arse back deliberately, his thighs trembling with the strain of holding still.

“Draco,” Harry answered, pressing his mouth against Draco's fluttering arsehole.

Just a lick Draco had said. Just a taste. Harry delved into him, tasting and licking, sucking and making love to his little opening