.’

‘No, not single-handedly. Grandfather Abraxas and my father were backers of Barclays moving there. But investments in the Muggle financial sector go back at least three centuries,’ he said matter-of-factly before popping a few chips in his mouth.

Hermione started to roll her eyes and then stopped and stared at the ceiling. There was something in that, a clue. What was it?

‘Your family is involved in the Muggle economy? But they despise Muggles.’

‘But Malfoys love money,’ he said with a grimace. ‘It’s a surprisingly lucrative endeavour. And we’re not violating the Statute of Secrecy so long as we play by the Muggles’ rules.’

An owl rushed into the kitchen, the beating of its wings covering up Hermione’s scoff. She reached for the envelope and saw it was from St Mungo’s: the genealogy results. The blood from two specimens revealed an ancestral linkage, but there were sufficient discrepancies between them to raise questions about direct descendency. 

‘Well, that’s to be expected,’ Malfoy said after she handed him the findings. 

‘Of course, we get this all the time with pure-bloods cases, all the inter-marriage dilutes the genealogy. If we could get your parents’ blood it would be a better comparison.’

‘That’s not it. The Malfoys don’t adhere to the ridiculous inbreeding practice that idiotic pure-blood families do. We have quite a few half-bloods on the family tree. And Muggle relations by extension. The Malfoys have been in England for a very long time, we’re likely related to half the isle.’

Hermione had felt her mouth drop open at that news. Of all the families she would have picked to be sticklers the pure-blood only marriages, it would have been the Malfoys. 

‘The baby might just be some third cousin once removed of your grandfather then. Or the by-product of some affair. It mightn’t be you at all!’

‘Or it may be me! Is this evidence enough to stop investigating after everything you’ve seen so far?’

Hermione had bit her lip at that in consternation. It still didn’t sit right to her, and she knew something was off about the whole thing. She had considered the crime authenticated and at least worthy of further exploration over a week ago. Going back now would be a waste of time, and the mystery would go unsolved.

‘No, of course not. We keep digging. But why do you dismiss these results so easily? It does mean you’re related to wizards, for certain.’

‘There is a family... curse, I guess it would be considered today. The Malfoys must always have a male heir. Even the Muggle descendants I’d assume.’

‘What? You’re only just telling me this now?’

He didn’t respond, and just shoved half his fish in his mouth. 

‘Fine. I will pretend it just slipped your mind. Do you know the spell?’

‘Yes, it the inside cover of the grimoire.’

Hermione had wanted to take his word for it, she didn’t like having the book in her house, let alone her hands, but she magicked the book into the kitchen and read through the inscription just to be thorough. From the sound of it, Malfoy wives always bore a male child first. 

Which was entirely unhelpful. The likelihood that the genealogy breakdown was relevant to this case, then, was minuscule. Alchemical testing of blood was far less advanced than Muggle forensics. And if the curses had any fluidity to it, the magic could have been applied to any consort of a Malfoy by proxy, and every barmaid and wench from the 15th century would have born another male Malfoy. 

‘That’s it!’

Hermione jumped up from the table and ran back into the living room. She had already started leafing through stacks of old Prophet newspapers when Malfoy followed her.

‘That’s what?’ he asked, kneeling across from her on the floor. His eyes were wide with anticipation. 

‘The Statute of Secrecy.’

Malfoy huffed. ‘What about it?’

‘Signed in 1689, established as a worldwide doctrine by the International Confederation of Wizards in 1692—‘

‘I did get a N.E.W.T. in History of Magic, as well, Granger.’ 

He was exasperated, and, when Hermione looked at him closer, scared. He had been covering it well over the past few days, acting as if their investigation were soothing his nerves. But she knew it was eating him inside, that he was doing all he could to disassociate and appear calm

‘Right, what I mean is,’ Hermione said, putting a hand on his shoulder to reassure him, ‘before the Statute, the Malfoys, well, they seemed to cavort with Muggles, didn’t they? Courting royalty, getting started in Muggle business. But it all seems like this was prior to the Statute of Secrecy being accepted. After the Statute was passed, well, their attitudes changed.’

‘Alright,