.

Harry's fingers stroked over his tensing sac, long digits sliding into his mouth alongside Draco's thrusting cock. Draco moaned as Harry let himself drool over them, the added lubrication easing the way as he tried to fuck Harry's face.

Half-formed syllables of his name dripped from Draco's lips as his body tensed for release, gasps unlike anything Harry had ever heard from the normally reserved blond punctuating each sound.

Draco was well on his way to a spectacular orgasm. In fact, if not for the band, Harry knew he could make him come with only a little more wet suction, and regretted it almost immediately when he pulled away with a moist pop, reaching instead to undo the buttons of his jeans.

The blond yelped, desperate hands reaching down to take over where Harry had so cruelly denied him. It was almost too easy for the brunette to pin those delicate hands above his head and use his own wet fingers to stroke the Slytherin's aching cock.

More groans of "yes", "fuck", and "Potter" emerged haphazardly as Harry jerked his fist over the boy's exposed glans. Draco's hips clumsily followed his pace, arching greedily for the final moment that would send him over the edge of his first assisted collapse into oblivion.

Harry was surprised at his willingness, feeling how new Draco was to the situation in each awkward jerk of his hips. The blond's arms flexed in his grip but not once did he try to escape the hold, too engrossed in the sensations Harry's hand on his cock created.

Harry gasped as Draco's increased movement brought their bodies into contact, his wet erection slipping easily over Draco's hip. The light trace seemed to catch Draco's attention, glassy grey eyes snapping straight to fevered green. Those pale eyes widened in recognition of something he had never witnessed, a boy who enjoyed other boys. A feral look overtook his features and he began moving faster, seeking more contact with Harry's sticky tip, eager to finish them both.

Harry grinned down at him, hand slipping away from Draco's pulsing cock despite the groan that ripped from the thin boy. He wrapped his wet fingers around his own cock, giving it a wet stroke before positioning himself against Draco's slackened hole.

A shuddery breath escaped the boy below him before he gave a shaky nod, the only permission he seemed capable of.

But Harry needed more, especially after the way Snape had used the Slytherin. This wasn't about correcting past mistakes. It was about making new and better ones. "Malfoy," he began, uncertainty dawning for the first time. What if he didn't actually enjoy this, just because his body reacted to the stimulus? He was 17 for Merlin's sake. It wasn't like he could help himself now.

Draco returned the look with the same emotion, blinking before thrusting up against Harry. "Do it, Potter," he whispered, giving a sharp little nod and clenching his hands together.

Harry swallowed, left hand switching to the blond's hip while he guided himself with his right.

Even though he had already been used before, Draco's eyes went impossibly wide as Harry slid inside of him. A gasp slipped through his parted lips as he lifted his hips and welcomed the stretch and burn of being filled when he so desperately craved it.

Harry's forehead landed on Draco's shoulder, an explosive sigh ruffling light blond hair. "Christ, Malfoy. How can you still be so tight?"

A strange chuckle escaped the blond, his hips making tiniest rocking motions that felt incredible massaging his cock. Harry's hands gripped Draco's hips, pulling him down as he slid the rest of the way inside.

A satisfied cry answered his thrust, dribbles of precome sliding over the magic and down Draco's cock to puddle between their stomachs.

Harry cradled those thin hips in his palms, eyes moving over the blond's flushing chest and face. "How do you like it, Malfoy?"

The question seemed to shock Draco enough that he stopped rocking on Harry's cock. "I don't," he answered calmly. "Not supposed to enjoy this."

Harry looked down at the bright red skin of Draco's leaking erection. "Looks like you're enjoying this a lot, Malfoy."

Draco's eyes turned guilty as he observed his own body's reaction. "You must be doing it wrong."

Harry's smile turned smug. "I'll show you how to do it right."

Draco's eyes slid closed and his mouth dropped open as Harry surged forward, his nails digging into the backs of his own hands. The sight of the white crescent moons they left behind could have made Harry come on their own.

Harsh, ragged breaths rushed through the blond's nose as Harry drove him closer to the waiting precipice. Those hands that were swiftly becoming a kink for Harry slipped apart only to gain purchase on the edges of the desk, Draco hanging on for dear life as