really, some people say she can grant wishes." 

"Wishes?" Tom jerked his arm out of the older wizards grasp, snorting in disdain, "Sounds childish to me. Now, if you'll excuse me." 

However, though he knew it was a lie and possibly even a trap or cruel prank, he was intrigued. After all Tom was new to the magical world, who was to say a ghost couldn't grant you a wish? And if she couldn't he doubted she could curse him either, a ghost was a ghost. harmless creatures that couldn't really harm you. No, it was poltergeists you had to watch out for and the school only had one of those. It's not like the Headmaster would allow any threats to reside inside the school that could harm children, only a blubbering idiot would keep monsters and dangerous spirits around school children. No, as insipid and vain as Dippet was he wasn't that stupid, he liked his job too much to put his temporary wards at risk. 

"With that thought in his head he decided to have a little night time walk on the Seventh Floor, he had been there before but it was never very long and he didn't care enough to really explore so he hadn't lied when he said he knew nothing of this ghost. But tonight he would. 

Just as he planned Tom woke up at 11:30 pm, a hour and a half after the last nightly patrol by any teachers prefects or heads, perfect. Slipping from the warmth of his bed he placed his feet inside a pair of well worn slippers that barely helped protect his feet from the chill of stone floors as quietly made his way up staircase after staircase, finally arriving on the Seventh floor, it took him an even shorter time to find the ghost. It was exactly as the Slytherin had said, a female ghost just staring and muttering at the wall across from the Painting of Barnabus the barmy and his dancing trolls. A chill ran up his back, she was creepy. 

There was nothing especially frightening or scary about her really, she was a translucent white-blue with silvery clothes that looked extremely odd, tight trousers, a jumper and some form of weird shoes upon her feet. Her bushy hair was probably her scariest feature, it poofed out and was just a bunch of straggly, frizzy curls all over her head. He stepped closer, his shoes making a muffled noise on the floor and gaining her attention. Her lips which were moving what seemed a mile a minute suddenly stopped and her head snapped in his direction. She seemed pleased for some reason. 

"You've come." Her lips twitched upwards into a smile, her eyes softening, "I knew you would come one day. . . If I just waited long enough."
"What?" Suspicion was written all over his face, waiting for him or just someone? 

"Yes, I've waited a long time for you Tom Riddle." Her eyes became slightly more glassy, he didn't know ghosts could show such strong emotion. It was unnerving to say the least, especially her knowing his name. 

"What for?" Curiosity won over his unease, he stepped even closer to the dead witch, "Why do you know my name." 

"I know a lot of things Tom, more than you could ever dream. I know the past and the future." She laughed, it wasn't a joyful sound, "I know your heart and what you desire. I can give it to you, you know. Im-mor-tality." She drew the word out and just as equally drew him in, drew him closer, "But in return you must do one thing for me." 

"What thing?" Greed was now marring his young angelic features, but the suspicion also remained. 

"I need something, but only you can give it to me." She stared back at the wall in front of her, "If you give me a wizard's vow to do this thing for me I will tell you how to get what you want in return." 

"And the favor?" He questioned, the temptation of it all drawing him even closer, he could have power, influence, the world. The power to never die. Only weak people died, he could rise above it. She promised him immortality, and with it she promised him everything. Wasn't that worth allowing himself to help someone else for once? 

"Your vow first." She said, her soft voice laced with steel, "I would have a vow or nothing more needs to be spoken here. I have waited a long time for you Tom Riddle but I can wait eternity. How long can you wait? Hmm? A few decades, and then you will decline into old age and die." She laughed and the room seemed to grow colder from it. 

"I swear, as a wizard, to help you in return for immortality." He vowed, a small golden light shot from his wand and enveloped him. 

"Very good, very good." She smiled kindly