times Harry’s visited, there would be music already playing softly in the background. As he sifts through the records, most of which he has never heard before, he sees one that he recognizes faintly from a film he’d caught a glimpse of when he had lived in the muggle world. He wonders why Draco would own a record produced by muggles.


 


He puts the record on anyways, humming softly as he continues to sift through the records.


 


Draco finally returns, two glasses in one hand and a carton of eggnog in the other, to find Harry sitting cross-legged in front of the fire, hands outstretched.


 


“Listen to that fireplace roar,” Draco says, startling Harry from his position on the floor. He raises an eyebrow when Harry reaches up for a glass. “If you thought for a second I would sit on the floor, you are sorely mistaken.”


 


He sets the glasses on the table, taking a seat before he pours some of the eggnog in both. Harry eventually retires from the ground, and joins Draco, picking up the glass that Draco hadn’t already drunk from.


 


“I didn’t take you for an eggnog drinker,” Harry says aloud.


 


“It’s in the spirit of the season,” Draco shrugs again.


 


Harry sniffs at the contents of his glass. “What’s in this drink?”


 


“Did you expect me to drink it straight?”


 


“Of course not. Nothing about you is straight.” Draco looks away, but Harry thinks he can see the slightest hint of a smile behind his glass. Silence falls over them. 


 


Harry swirls the drink in his hand. He knows he shouldn’t have stopped by, he won’t want to leave.


 


“Penny for your thoughts?” Draco asks.


 


“I’ve got to get home,” Harry says simply, no sense of urgency in his tone.


 


“What’s your hurry?” Draco scoots closer to Harry on the couch. Only their thighs touch.


 


Harry sighs. “Your eyes are like starlight now.”


 


Draco moves closer, knocking shoulders with Harry. “That’s my line.”


 


Harry drapes his arm over Draco’s shoulder, pulling him in close. “You can say it next time.”


 


“Stop distracting me,” Draco scolds. “Why are you in a lazy hurry?”


 


“Christmas eve dinner at the Weasley’s.”


 


“So you really can’t stay then?” Draco asks, nuzzling into the crook of Harry’s neck.


 


Harry downs the rest of his drink in one go. “The answer,” he shivers when Draco’s teeth nip the soft skin at the base of his throat, “is no.”


 


He feels Draco pout against his neck. “But, it’s cold outside.”


 


The record stops. The clock continues to tick. The fireplace crackles, it’s light throwing shadows around the room. Neither man bothers to get up and change the song.


 


“Mrs. Weasley will start to worry if I don’t show,” Harry finally says, resting his cheek on top of Draco’s head.


 


“Look out the window at that storm.”


 


“There’s no storm. What are you tal--?”


 


Draco gives his wand a complicated twirl. The scenery out the window changes from lit up buildings in downtown London, to a winter wonderland, rivaling only that of the inside of a snow globe. “Never such a blizzard before.”


 


“I really can’t stay.” He can’t. He never misses Christmas eve dinner with the Weasley’s and he’s not sure how everyone would react if he arrived with Draco in tow.


 


“Think of my lifelong sorrow,” Draco all but whines.


 


“What lifelong sorrow? I’ll only be gone for the night.”


 


Draco shifts so that his head is lying in Harry’s lap. 


 


“Is that a promise?” He’s teasing, but Harry can hear the undertone of hope in his voice.


 


“Really, I’d better scurry.” Harry cards a hand through Draco’s soft, blond hair.


 


“You’ll freeze out there.”


 


“Then lend me your coat.”


 


“It’s up to your knees out there.”


 


“Then lend me your boots, you twat.”


 


Draco scoffs. “As if.”


 


Harry leans forward, reaching for the eggnog carton. “Maybe just a half a drink more.”


 


It’s difficult trying to pour another drink with Draco’s unmoving head in his lap, but he does it. When the glass is half full, Harry leans back in his seat. He means to sip from the glass but ends up downing it all at once. He glances at the clock above the mantle. Any longer and he’ll be late.


 


“Just send an owl, tell them you’re sick,” Draco says.


 


“They’ll be in to check on me.”


 


“Tell them not to.”


 


“Hermione will be suspicious.”


 


Draco sits up again. He searches Harry’s face. “Your lips look delicious,” he says finally, his gaze resting on