curry was long gone and it was past midnight.

"I should be going," Lupin said, standing.

Percy waved his wand to vanish the mess and stood as well. He'd never before been disappointed to see someone leave, but indeed, he'd been enjoying their talk. "Thank you for coming; you didn't have to," he said again.

Lupin smiled over his shoulder on his way to the door. "No trouble at all. I enjoyed it. Goodnight."

"Me too," Percy said, but Lupin was already gone, the door was already shut behind him and the office was suddenly very dark in his absence. He flooed back to his flat that night because he didn't think he could walk through the Ministry, as dark as it was, even though he'd done it hundreds of times before.

-x-

Percy was having a very bad Tuesday when he received a letter, just as winter was rolling in. The envelope and stationary were a matching cream colour sealed with a wolf guarding a book in red wax. Quite fancy, Percy thought. He was very near to pulling his hair out, and even though he didn't recognize the seal, he was delighted to have any sort of distraction from Mr Mullins' constant picking.

Pushing his glasses up his nose, Percy slipped his finger under the seal and unfolded the letter.



27 November
Percy,



I know that you're a very busy man, but I really appreciated all of your help the other day, so I would like to invite you over to see the new shop. Let's call it a pre-grand opening, for friends and family. Unfortunately, as I have no family, there won't be any of them there. I invited Harry as well, but he has Auror business and won't be able to attend.



It won't be much, but I thought you might like to see what all of your help has accomplished. The shop will be ready for business next week, so if you have time today, pop over. I'll be there all day.



The shop is called 'Mowgli Books'. Harry named it. He won't tell me where he got the name, but he and Hermione snicker about it a fair bit. I assume it's from some form of Muggle literature.



Remus


 

Percy looked at his watch, saw that it was a quarter 'til Insanity, and decided that he deserved a lunch break.

-x-

 

Percy remembered this place. It was the shabby, vacant shop next to the post office that had always been such an eyesore to him when he travelled to Hogsmeade. From Hogwarts, he had been forced to pass directly past it both coming and going. It was the perfect spot for enticing young readers on their way in to buy sweets.

The outside had been repainted a quirky blue with white shutters, and a little wooden sign flapping back and forth above the door, declared 'Mowgli Books' in fanciful writing. Percy adjusted his scarf and shook the snow out of his hair, stepping inside the shop thoughtfully. It was amazing, he thought; even better inside. 

All around him it was warm, and books were stacked meticulously on the obviously hand-made wooden shelves, which Percy might have found tacky if it weren't for Lupin's pleasant, pixilated personality. But as it was, the handmade quality of every surface, every bench and every nook only added to the atmosphere. Off to the side, there was a pleasant reading nook filled with downy chairs and the floo-access fireplace.

"Percy! You came!" Professor Lupin's voice called from somewhere behind him. Percy turned and smiled, still a bit overwhelmed by how lovely the shop was. 

"It's brilliant," he said.

Professor Lupin beamed and looked around the shop fondly. "I know," he said, dusting off his hands and reaching one out to shake Percy's. "I've always wanted a book shop. It's remarkable that I finally have one."

He paused, gave Percy another strange smile and said, "Can I show you around?"

Percy nodded eagerly, and followed Lupin through all of the aisles, listening as Lupin read out such titles as Children's Literature, Textbooks, Quidditch, Self-Improvement, Mind Magics, Home and Garden—

"Raised by wolves," Remus suddenly laughed as they came to the Muggle Classics section. "That's where it came from. This boy, Mowgli, was raised by wolves in the jungle. Cheeky brat," he added fondly, no doubt speaking of Potter.

"Really?" Percy asked with interest. "I was unaware that non-magical wolves were able to do such things."

"Oh, they're not," Lupin said. "Muggles are fanciful people—they don't know that magic's real, but they like to think it is anyway—always coming up with animals that can talk and do wondrous things—oh, here it is," he added.

Lupin pulled a