pain, it drew his balls higher, made him harder than he could stand. The wolf demanded. He moved up her body and she spread her legs wider and he held his cock in his hand to guide it inside her. In her eyes, the wolf recognized a shared sick hunger. The wolf saw that she wanted as he did, that she understood there was no pleasure without blood and he thrust deep and she let out another cry as her legs wrapped tight around him.

He was scratching her, biting her, and she returned every injury with equal wrath. It was rough and she wanted that, wanted to feel like she was bruising outside, inside. His cock was thicker than Regulus’s and she wanted the burn of it, wanted to feel she could be ripped apart. She wanted his eyes. She wanted to capture him with her eyes, same as her cunt, she wanted to break him, force his desire to submit to her own. The stronger a man was, the more she insisted on owning him. “Open your eyes,” she ordered. “Lupin, open your eyes.”

Remus did, but not to see her. His gaze passed over her, over to Regulus, who was beside her, unable to look away from her.

Regulus had never seen her face like this, what she was like when she was fucked. When he was inside her, there was too much sensation of his own to feel. Her responses seemed to melt with his and he was unaware of any separation between his desires and her own. He simply assumed they were the same. He had not expected this wanton aggression that made him feel she hated Lupin, hated him. “Black,” Lupin growled, but Regulus ignored him. He did not care about Lupin, he only wanted her. Then Lupin grabbed him by the throat.

Suspending himself on one arm above Bellatrix, Remus’s other hand clung to the column of Regulus’s neck. He could feel the strong pulse reverberating and Regulus had to look, now. “Black. Keep your eyes on me,” Lupin said, and gave a rough squeeze, a warning, before letting go.

Regulus obeyed, astonished as Lupin continued to hold his gaze. How could there be in Lupin’s eyes what he had always hoped to see in hers? Lupin loved him? How was it possible? For a moment he was in awe of it, glad of it, but then he recognized the truth. You fool, he berated himself, and each word was like the slip of a scalpel. He calls you ‘Black’. He loves Sirius, not you. Not you. All he wants from you is what he recognizes as Sirius.

With Remus’s eyes on that face, the face that was Sirius in another life, another world, oh god, his thumb pressed against Sirius’s, Regulus’s, bottom lip, Regulus’s tongue was soft against his hand. He could smell Regulus's spit, smell how his own had joined with it. He came with their eyes riveted.

Bellatrix was alone. The two of them stared at each other. Lupin’s body was still spread over hers, but his face was turned away. She could hear the wet sounds of their mouths suckling at each other. Lupin’s cock was growing hard again against her and she tried to wrap her hand around it. She was sore, she wanted more, but he shoved off of her, turned toward Regulus.

There was only one drive inside him, ferociously strong with nothing to temper it. More. Everything. All of him. He held Regulus down, wanted to carve him open and witness the beating of his heart, clutch the chambers of life in his hand and learn their rhythms.

Lupin’s hands were too strong, dug too deep, and prickling fear stalked up Regulus's spine. Something was not right here; he was being pinned down, trapped. There was a vacancy in Lupin’s eyes, as though he were fading. Would someone, something, else take his place? This was not the man he knew. He struggled, tried to pull his arms away, tried to gain leverage to kick, shouted, “Let go of me!” When Lupin only tightened his hold, when he growled and bared his teeth, snapping them, Regulus saw. Lupin let out a howl, and Regulus froze at the revelation. He was a Black, had known viciousness since birth, and yet had never faced a killer.

It was too much like Sirius under him. Everything burned, he was burning alive with hunger, a flame that would never ever cease. He was going to destroy everything in his path and he did not care. He was going to devour him, devour him whole. How sad that Regulus would never understand this was not hate. Regulus could never understand how good he tasted, how much Remus wanted to know every part of him, needed to break his bones and have even the marrow of him.

Lupin’s hands were clawing at him and Regulus writhed,