like a traitor is painful as a brand.  He is immensely relieved when Moody departs.  Kingsley is drunk, and his movements are sloppy.  This makes it all the more surprising when he stalks up to Remus and grabs him.  He is usually so careful with his strength, but now his grip is hurting Remus.   He shoves Remus into the wall, with so much determination in his eyes, it is indistinguishable from hate.  “You have to tell me,” he says.  He presses the whole of his strong, long body against Remus, takes his left hand, his dominant hand, and applies a light, but constant, pressure against Remus’s throat.  “I could lose my job,” he says.  “I could lose my life.  You have to tell me, Remus.”

Remus does not struggle.  He knows Kingsley would never hurt him, no matter how angry, drunk, or provoked.  When he says, “you’re hurting me,” Kingsley lets him go.  He moves away, and Kingsley does not follow.  “I’m sorry,” he says.  “I can’t tell you.”

Kingsley shouts then, striking the wall with his fist, knocking a hole right through it, so that pulverized white plaster flies up in a cloud.  His fist is stuck in the wall, and when he pulls it out chunks of the wall fall to the ground.  “I always knew you loved him,” he says, laughing, though it is obvious that none of this is funny to either of them.   “I tried not to think about it.  How could you love the man who murdered so many people?  He murdered all your friends.  He was You-know-who’s right hand man!  How could you, how could you love him?”  He shakes his head, pleads in absolute astonishment for Remus to place the answer in his waiting hands.  “How could you?  I didn’t understand it, but as long as I thought,” his voice breaks, "you loved me, I didn’t care.”  He stands there, collecting himself, sniffling, wiping tears away with the back of his hand.  Remus does not move to comfort him.  Keeping his eyes down, Kingsley mutters as though to himself, “but you don’t even love me, do you, you little shit?  You don’t love me at all.”  Now he looks at Remus, again, only to say, loudly, fervently, “go to hell.”  He moves down the hallway, slowly, leaning against the wall for support.   Now Remus moves forward, now he moves towards him to try and help, but Kingsley strikes out at him, his hands in fists.  “Get the fuck away from me.”

Remus obeys.  He waits until he hears the bedroom door shut, and then runs from the house.  He has to get away.

He does not return until the next afternoon.  Kingsley is there, looking ghastly.  “I’m sorry about what I said,” he says.  “I never should have said all that and I didn’t mean it.”  He drops to his knees in front of Remus.  “Tell me you forgive me, please.”

Remus rests his hands on top of Kingsley’s head.  The skin there is warm and thin and prickly with stubble.  “I forgive you,” he says, bending down to press his lips to Kingsley’s forehead.  “I forgive you.”  Of course he forgives Kingsley.  It’s easy.  He has already forgiven so much worse.

It is early the next morning when Remus awakens in the cold bed.  As his eyes adjust to the dim light, he can see Kingsley moving around.  “Hey,” he says.  “Come on back to bed.”

Kingsley approaches the bed and bends down.  “Wish I could,” he says, “but I have to go.”  Remus leans in so that they can kiss, so that he can press his cheek against Kingsley’s, so that they can both be comforted.

“Do you have to go?”

“Yes,” he whispers.  “Black is at Hogwart’s.  They saw him.  It doesn’t make any sense; the dementors have found nothing, and yet he’s there.  I’m going with Rufus; he’ll be here soon.  We’re going to put an end to this, one way or another.”

Remus swallows.  “Be careful,” he says.

“I’m always careful.”  Kingsley kisses him again.  “I love you,” he says, as he stands.  “Go back to sleep.”

He leaves the room, and Remus huddles down deeper into the covers.  He is alone, now.  He will be alone until Kingsley comes back.  If Kingsley comes back, he reminds himself, if, if, if.  He asks himself, will you let Sirius take everything?  Will you let him take all your friends, including himself, away, will you?  Will you let him make you, finally, truly, a lone wolf?  Is this what you want