area without incident. Once there, however, Draco’s still overwhelmed. There are many cats of every color imaginable, a good number of them meowing or purring or hissing. Draco doesn’t even know where to start. How is he supposed to find the perfect companion in this chaos?

When he turns to tell Potter as much, he’s disappeared. “Potter?”

“Over here!”

Draco searches for the source of the sound, and then he spots Potter not too far away from him in front of a cage, reaching in and petting an animal. With careful maneuvering, Draco makes his way over to Potter. Looking into the cage, he sees a large cat with luminous green eyes staring at him. Potter is rubbing the cat’s ears, the cat purring loudly. He’s very furry, a mixture of snow white and dark grey hair, and eating up Potter’s attention. 

It’s not right that Draco’s jealous of the animal for getting Potter’s touch. Draco’s never tried, but he might be able to purr too, if that’s what Potter likes. Anything to get Potter to rub his head and play with his hair.

And when Draco realizes what he just thought, he wants to smack himself. 

“Look,” Potter says, excited. “I made a friend. Isn’t he sweet?”

“Yes, Potter. Very sweet,” Draco says. 

His sarcasm is lost on Potter, who is now rubbing the cat’s stomach, and he’s so concentrated on what he’s doing that he doesn’t realize that the cat’s not paying attention to him, but staring at Draco. 

Draco wants to take a step back. The cat’s staring directly at him, intense and unblinking, and it’s almost as if the cat’s looking through Draco, at his soul. There’s intelligence in the cat’s eyes, Draco’s sure, and Draco would say the cat is taunting him.

“Come here,” Potter says. “Pet him. If you don’t take him home, I might just have to.”

Draco can’t resist Potter’s request. Slowly, he steps closer to Potter, peering into the cage. The cat’s still staring at him. Draco doesn’t think he looks very friendly. “Potter… I’m not sure. I don’t want to be attacked.”

“He’s not going to scratch you,” Potter says confidently. “Here.” He takes Draco’s hand in his own and Draco freezes momentarily; this is the first time they’ve touched bare skin to bare skin, and Draco’s unprepared for the jolt that runs through his body at the contact. Immediately, a Veela legend his mother told him years ago pops in his head, and Draco knows what that reaction means and it’s not good for him, but he doesn’t have time to think about it because Potter laces their fingers together.

Potter moves their joined hands into the cage, toward the cat. The cat starts purring again before they touch him, and Draco bites his lip, heart pounding. His skin is prickling where it’s touching Potter’s.

“See?” Potter says quietly, almost whispering it into Draco’s ear. “He’s sweet. And he likes you too.”

Draco wonders how he’s supposed to concentrate on the cat or even what Potter’s saying when Draco’s world narrows down to the feeling of his fingers tangled with Potter’s. “I guess so,” Draco says haltingly. 

“I think you should get him,” Potter says, still quiet. “And let me come over and visit.”

A voice suddenly interrupts them before Draco can think of a response to that. “Gentleman. I see you’ve made friends with Laertes. Do you have any questions? I’m Maggie.”

Draco glances to the side and sees a middle-aged woman standing next to them, smiling. 

Abruptly, Potter takes his hand from Draco’s, and the loss of warmth is immediate and sharp.

Potter addresses Maggie. “Yes. We couldn’t resist him.”

“Well, I am surprised he let you pet him,” Maggie says. “We’ve had Laertes for a while. He’s half kneazle, and he doesn’t like many people. They can sense deceitful people, you know.”

“I do,” Potter says. “My friend used to have a cat that was part kneazle, and he had that ability, too.”

“Do you think you’d like to take him home? I’m fond of Laertes myself, and I’d like to see him adopted into a good home.”

Potter turns to him. “Well? What do you think? Are you going to adopt him?”

Draco blinks a few times. “Don’t you want to?” he asks slowly. “I can look for another pet. He seems fondest of you.” 

Potter glances