quill that had built the walls of Hogwarts on their map.  But, Sirius had never suspected that Remus’ clandestine fondness for sharp stylish flourishes and smooth subtle line work would lead to something like this.  Truth be told, it is a secret he would have liked to be privy to, and the fact that he was not leaves a bruise-like tenderness on the inside of his ribs.

Despite all these thoughts, Sirius manages to smile like nothing is wrong in the world, and bids Remus goodbye.  He tries to not feel Remus’ eyes on the nape of his neck as he walks away, and melts into the crowd like sunlight.

=====

 

Sirius returns to their flat in the late afternoon, washes the smell of ancient cobblestones from his skin, and begins to make supper.  Remus arrives soon after, in different clothes.

Supper is a silent affair, but then it usually is, because for Remus, it is a time for catching up on personal, non-Order reading, while for Sirius, the partaking of food is simply sacrosanct.

This is why, once evening blankets the city and the only light left burning is Remus’ desk lamp, Sirius knows exactly what he should say in order to question Remus about his recent whereabouts.  It is perfectly and painstakingly scripted in his head, down to the commas.  It is absolutely foolproof.

Except that Sirius does not start this conversation at all, and instead bids Remus good night, which gets him a smile – not an embarrassed smile, or a smile of horrified realization, but a regular, everyday Remus-smile.  Sirius smiles back easily.  Then he goes to bed, and he sleeps.

 

=====


Three days later, it is still warm.  The sun shines, the crowd bustles, and a small café on the corner makes excellent tea cakes.  Sirius approaches the street artist with a glass of café lemonade in hand.

The artist looks at him for some time, then he accepts the glass with a smile.  His fingers make whorl-shaped smudges on the glass, little works of art in the shape of the universe.  He drinks deeply, and returns the glass with the air of a man sated.

The artist says, “Hello again.”

Sirius swallows, and smiles confidently.  “Hi.”

A boy and his father approach.  The boy is excited and wants his portrait.  The artist obliges.

Sirius waves to the artist and steps back, and like a river the crowd begins to flow back around him.  The artist – Remus – looks up briefly, and waves with the tips of his charcoal-dusted fingers.  It is a familiar gesture.  Sirius walks away to return the glass.

They did not need to exchange more words that day.  It is enough.

 

=====


It is two days later, and it is a week later, and it is three.  Again and again and again, they meet, to greet and discuss and sometimes, merely, to look.  The meetings are pleasant, friendly, and warm, and although there is ample room for it – as there has been for months, and years – neither makes the move the other wants.

There is time enough, Sirius thinks.  There will always be time.  And if even that time runs out, there will still be the Remus back at the flat, the Remus who smiles gently and who reads too much and who sleeps too little and who always keeps his hands very, very clean.

And Sirius thinks, in the middle of the night, as the moon floats and swells outside his bare bedroom window, that if he can just have this Remus with him, then everything will be all right.  He can watch to him pad softly around the flat in his stocking feet, and listen to him breathe and whisper words to himself as he reads, and it is enough.  Even if he can never watch him draw again, it is enough.

It is enough for all time.  Sirius convinces himself of this.

 

=====


And yet, Sirius finds himself so enamoured by this new Remus, by this humble street artist who sits on a weed-speckled street in between Order missions, that on the day Sirius emerges from the crowd to see him and he is not there, he feels a pain deep in the softness of his gut.

All coherent thought leaves him for a moment too long, and so distraught is he that the glamour almost slips off him, but Sirius manages to cling to it and instantly, his thoughts resurface.  He takes in a breath, lets it out slowly, and feels foolish.

Sirius leaves the Muggle crowd and goes about his Order business of collecting certain documents from a certain someone.  He Floos the documents directly to Dumbledore.  He stands in the kitchen for a long while, palms pressed together, fingertips pressed against his lips, as he gathers his thoughts (scattered, some of them still stuck between the cobblestones of their dusty summer street).  Then, he disapparates to the forest shack where Remus is preparing himself for the long night ahead.

 

=====


James arrives after Sirius, and Peter arrives after him, late enough to be noticed but not so late that he requires forgiveness.  They