by the sense memory of the scent, invaded by it, and by the fainter, mustier, warmer smell of the ancient linens and silks and laces of the closet.

Walburga found the closet as she was pursuing Sirius one day, intent upon pinching his already sore little ear to impress upon him the meanness of his latest display of cheek. Even as a child, Sirius berated himself as he crouched in the very back of the closet, knowing his mother would find him before she had even entered the room. And she did.

She froze for a long moment after throwing open the heavy closet door, the sound of Sirius’ name dying from her lips. Sirius could only sit curled up in the farthest corner, staring up at his mother’s troubled expression, unable to utter a word. His presence in the closet had parted all the new school suits and costly brand-name play clothes and had revealed the relics underneath.

His mother looked at the things for a long time, standing wordlessly by the door, her left hand with its myriad of polished rings hanging limp by her side. Then, slowly, carefully, she reached into the closet to grasp the sleeve of Sirius’ favourite one, a centuries-old item with ample sleeves and embroidery delicate as spider silk and round silver buttons and a tuft of lace at the collar.

Finally, tired of the suspense, Sirius mustered up the courage to whisper, “Maman?”

Walburga’s face altered at the sound, became closed off, no longer wondering and vulnerable, and she abruptly withdrew her hand like the smooth fabric had burned her. Then she slowly looked down to Sirius’ upturned face.

She said, “Some day, you’ll fit into them. Your father never wanted them.”

Unthinkingly, Sirius recited one of his father’s favourite platitudes: “A man’s worth can be measured by the cut of his suit.”

Walburga smiled at that, swiftly, unexpectedly. Her gaze lingered on the fine, aged clothes and baubles, then she turned and left. Sirius did not leave the closet until he could no longer hear her high heels clicking on the immaculate floorboards.



=====

Lily only looks at them like she’s known all along, probably because she has, and returns to her linguistics paper.

Three and a half weeks in, Remus decides that dating Sirius isn’t so bad. For one thing, he has suddenly acquired a lot more leverage when it comes to making Sirius do his share of the cleaning – though later, Peter will casually remark that Remus has had that “leverage” for quite some time, which will cause Remus to bury his nose in his anthropology notes and Sirius to escape to his room to make an even bigger mess.

Their present romantic involvement doesn’t stop Sirius from being an outright slob, but he does make tiny, occasional efforts to be a less disgusting flatmate. Once, he helps Remus scrub their filthy bachelor’s bathroom, and twice he volunteers to hop down and do their laundry. It does slip his mind to actually distribute the laundry afterwards instead of setting it up semi-permanently on the ratty sitting room sofa, but it’s a detail Remus is willing to overlook as he’s kissing him thank you. It’s somehow easier to overlook the little things when Sirius looks at him from behind his fringe, sets his fingers under his chin, and smiles, the genuine stones on his rings glinting to complete the picture.

He knows it too, clever bastard.



=====

It was most likely the most impractical instance in the history of teenage fugues, but he could not make himself leave all the precious cloths and gems behind when they were all he had left of “family” and “love”. He began by only choosing one shirt, one pair of ancient cufflinks, one dull-shining pendant, but before long he found himself stuffing his suitcase with crinkling silk and rippling lace, and when the suitcase was full he ran to retrieve his sports bag, his pillowcases, and the spare pillowcases in order to fill them too.

In the end, he left almost everything of his and brought almost everything of the House of Black. He left the closet door wide open, after standing in front of it for ten minutes simply marveling at the small space, so unlike the vault-like haven of his childhood memories.

On Regulus’ bed, he left a satin shirt fitted to his brother’s slim frame, an embroidered handkerchief, and a tarnished emerald and silver pin. He also left the only note indicating his presence and departure: Reg, take care, in curling, outdated script.

On Mother’s vanity, among her trinkets and creams, he left a single pendant, the oldest one, from the looks of it. It was a plain thing on a simple silver chain, stained with age and weathered with time, and embossed with the arms of the House of Black and the slogan Toujours Pur. Always pure and clean. Always spotless.

He stole his father’s pocket watch, the only heirloom in Orion’s possession, kept imprisoned in a drawer in the