, made him confused.

                “I used to dream about James and Lily,” Sirius confided. “The nightmares bothered me so much I thought I might go crazy. But it’s over, Severus. They wouldn’t want us to remember them in regret.”

                “I know. It’s just a dream though.”

                Sirius looked at their hands. “I won’t mind if you dream about me, you know. Preferably in…nice scenes and scenarios,” he winked.

                Snape harrumphed.

                Trust Sirius to ruin tender moment. But Snape was glad he was there.


.-.-.



Until then…



Title : Snape’s Treasure



Genre : Family, a little bit of Romance



Characters : Snape/Sirius, Harry



Disclaimer : Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling. I am making no profit.


.-.-.

                “You look very busy,” Sirius commented when he saw several owls in Snape’s kitchen.

                Snape growled. “Not at all.” He was irritated after reading some letters those huge birds delivered. “Remind me to give tons of detentions to my students before you leave. I’ve got trouble because of them,” he added darkly. He vaguely pointed to the owls.

                Sirius chuckled. He was amused when his boyfriend Incendio-ed one of the letters. With a casual flick of Snape’s wand, the ashes were gone in a second. “Why? I think you’ve already given them detentions to last until they graduate.”

                The Potions Master snorted. “They’ve given me this terrible headache,” he muttered.

                “Don’t you want to untie these letters and read them? Are they from your students’ parents?” Sirius asked. He approached one of the owls and took the letter.

                “No, and, well, not sure,” was Snape’s short answer.

                “Aren’t you curious?” Sirius smirked and tore the envelope.

                Snape harrumphed. “Wait, don’t read that,” he warned when he saw Sirius’s doing.

                It’s too late. Sirius already read the content. He shot a deadly glare to the shorter man. “What is this?” he demanded. “’Please tell me about you. I want to know you more.’ This is not an ordinary letter should be between…”

                “Give it back!” Snape was furious. His bad mood got worsened. “Don’t you know about privacy?” he barked.

                “You’re gonna hide it from me?” Sirius stared at him in disbelief. “Whoever sent you this…” the animagi waved the parchment, “…intends to court you.”

                “I don’t respond to them,” Snape snarled.

                “Them.” Sirius spat. He looked as furious as Snape. He turned to the owls. They started to hoot, uneasy.

                Before Sirius could do any damage, such as blasted those innocent birds or forcefully took out the letters and read them, Snape stepped up until he stood before Sirius.

                “You said they’re from…” Sirius glared at the owls, “…the parents.”

                Snape forced the other man to stay away from them and pushed him down on the chair. “Look. I really got the letters because of my students.”

                “Explain,” Sirius told him flatly.

                Snape managed to stay calm, which was a difficult task. “They told their relatives about me. That I’m a father of a young kid, a teacher with no partner in sight.” Sirius was ready to explode and Snape knew it. “Listen, damn it!”

                “I’ve been listening,” Sirius hotly replied.

                “So they informed their single relatives. I’m sure they think that if I’ve got a partner, I’ll be less mean to them. So I’ve got letters or invitations from women or men alike. So, that’s it,” Snape explained sourly.

                “Sweet students, aren’t they?”

                “Couldn’t agree more.”

                “Didn’t you tell them you’re in a relationship?”

                “I didn’t respond to them,” Snape repeated for the second time.

                “Severus, that only makes them curious and more challenged.”

                “I believe it’ll make them stop.”

                “Sometimes it doesn’t work that way.”

                Snape groaned. “It’s not easy to be a teacher when your students are concerned about your love life.”


.-.-.



There’ll still be another story…



Title : Snape’s Treasure



Genre : Family, a little bit of Romance



Characters : Snape/Sirius, Harry



Summary : Being a father made Snape a stronger man, but he was allowed to look vulnerable in front of Sirius.



Disclaimer : Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling. I am making no profit.


.-.-.

                “Well, Severus, I’m very sure you’re good at potions,” Sprout said when they had dinner in the Great Hall.

                “Do you have any doubt about it?” Snape coldly asked. Even though the Herbology teacher seemed very casual and indifferent about her question, Snape recognized the curiosity that was poorly veiled.

                “Just state the obvious, don’t take