intent to find out, even if it meant asking his older sister Sarah, who thought she knew everything. A woman had gone up to them, singing some sort of incomprehensible opera in high notes that made Jeremy's head hurt, and tried to kiss Jeremy's father, resulting in him making a scene and lecturing Jeremy about rape and forcing people to do things they didn't want to do after they managed to get away from the lady.

And, at last, they reached Auntie Alice's apartment and got in, Jeremy fairly calm and frankly a bit baffled, and his father panting and rolling his eyes repeatedly, in Jeremy's opinion slightly overdoing the gesture.

"You two look like you've just… I don't know – ran a marathon, seen a ghost, walked head-first into a hurricane. You-" Auntie Alice told them in an amused tone that was accompanied by an arched, single eyebrow, before Jeremy's father cut her off with a fierce glare. "I'll make tea," She hurriedly walked up the stairs leading to her flat, leaving the pair to sort themselves out.

Jeremy's father sighed and took Jeremy's coat and scarf, hanging them on a coat rack and copying the motion with his own long coat and hat. He turned and look at Jeremy in the eyes seriously, and then attempted to mat out his hair, which had gone wild during their frenzied walk. "If you ever see people like that again, stay away from them, yeah, Jeremy?" his father said, firmly but softly.

Jeremy nodded solemnly, and they both walked up the stairs. When they opened the door, a colorful sight met them. The flat was decorated with Christmas lights, despite it not actually being Christmas, which puzzled Jeremy greatly. There were balloons and candles and confetti which was already scattered around the floor. Jeremy winced mentally at the mess, knowing his mother would not approve.

Well, at least, that was what he thought until he saw his mother standing beside Auntie Alice with a big smile on her face, not looking upset in the least.

"Mom?" he asked hesitantly, not believing that this woman was the same one that yelled at his father for mudding the kitchen's floor.

His mother walked to him and pulled him into a tight embrace. "Happy birthday, dear," she whispered into his hair. She pulled back and kissed him wetly on the cheek, and he resisted the urge to wipe his cheek clean.

Oh. Right. His birthday. It was today. With all of the celebrations outside, he had forgotten it was his birthday today.

Jeremy smiled giddily as he was hugged by his father next, then Auntie Alice. His cheeks felt like they were going to tear from the force f his smile when the cake was brought out, twelve candles shining brightly on top of it. In swirly letters was a large 'Happy Birthday Jeremy!' with the number eleven written on the frosting.

"What did you wish for, love?" his mother asked him after he blew out the candles.

He gave her an excited grin. "A cloak!" he replied.

Jessica didn't know a lot about English culture, so it was not very surprising when she mistook one of the most well-guarded secrets in the world for a mere English slang.

Jessica squealed as she passed a store that sold tea cups. Tea cups! How English of them! It was her first time in England, but that was to be expected when one had a family of six. So when Jessica's high-school decided to host students from abroad in an exchange program, and the foreign school agreed to do the same, Jessica was the first to sign her name on the volunteers' sheet.

The girl whose house she was staying at while in London was nice, if not a bit tall. She had the most amazing accent – which Jessica constantly tried to copy – and love tea, as Jessica found out. Jessica could not stop herself from squealing in excitement every time she saw something she recognized from an English movie or heard a British word.

Jessica didn't know a lot about English culture, her entire knowledge based on movies and books. It was not very surprising, then, that she mistook one of the most well-guarded secrets in the world for a mere English slang, when she heard two girls giggling in a partly-hidden section of a store. Jessica was waiting for her English friend to put on another dress and figured it was not eavesdropping if she wouldn't ever meet them again, anyway.

"… She works at The Three Broomsticks now. Pay's good, I've heard. Five Sickles an hour," said the dark-haired one, jealousy lacing her tone.

Jessica frowned. Sickles? Was that another name for a pound? Five pounds an hour was outrageous. Was The Three Broomsticks a governmental department?

"That'd make her a fortune!" the other girl exclaimed, her light blue eyes wide.

The first one nodded solemnly. "I