s go home.” Lucius said as he gripped Draco’s arm. 

^^^^^^^^^^^

Hermione was home alone for once. Ever since she got her parents back from Australia and restored their memories, it seemed they didn’t want to leave her by herself. 

But for once she had convinced them to say yes to going out to lunch with some of their old friends. So she was enjoying a pleasant Saturday doing absolutely nothing. She knew she should be working on her report on Goblin rights but for once in the most un-Hermione like fashion she couldn’t be bothered. Instead she was using her free time to catch up with some music on her laptop that Chloe had recommended to her.    

She already had the song stuck in her head. She took her headphones out of her laptop and started playing the music out loud and started singing along badly and out of tune she knew but she was alone so she could get away with it. It surprised her how much she liked this song and the band that created it, it wouldn’t have been her first choice in music but Chloe had insisted. 

“You’ll never know the psychopath sitting next to you, you’ll never know the murderer sitting next to you, you’ll think how’d I get here sitting next to you? But after all I’ve said, please don’t forget. All my friends are heathens. Take it slow. Wait for them to ask you – “   

She was suddenly cut off from a crack of apparation behind her. She turned to see who it was expecting Harry or maybe Ron as they always popped round unannounced. Her parents were used to it now. It used to scare them but they had adapted to the magical world quite well considering everything. So she was shocked to instead see not raven or ginger hair but platinum blond. 

“Draco?! What are you doing here?” she was gobsmacked he wasn’t supposed to be here during the day!   

“Hermione?” Draco questioned equally confused at why he had ended up in Hermione’s living room. He was supposed to be in  his  living room in  his  home.  Ah.  Draco thought,  this will be problematic to explain.  

A groan of pain distracted them both. Draco had completely forgotten about his father! 

“Dad! Are you okay?” he asked him worriedly now ignoring Hermione who was still shell shocked. She understood why Draco might be here but Lucius?! 

“What fresh hell are you listening too Granger?” Lucius said in way of response. Hermione knew he would be fine and turned to turn off her music which had just gotten to her favourite part, Draco sure had timing. 

“It’s a muggle band so you wouldn’t have a clue about it.” She replied callously. She was aware that this was Draco’s father but that didn’t mean she liked the man. She turned to Draco and questioned him: “Why are you here? And why did you bring your father?!”

Draco smiled sheepishly and replied “I was annoyed and he told me to go home.” Hermione immediately knew what he meant. This was bad. The war against Voldemort was bad but this could be even worse! 

“You need to leave. Now. Use the Floo. It’ll be safer than apparating and your father doesn’t look so good Draco.” 

Draco nodded and taking a pinch of Floo powder and stepped into the fireplace. He said clearly “Malfoy Manor.” and threw the powder down but nothing happened. All three of them looked at each other in confusion. Why wasn’t the Floo working? 

“Let me try useless boy. Bringing me into a mudblood’s house.” Lucius mumbled but still loud enough for both of them to hear him. Draco grew angry and Hermione put a hand on his arm and he calmed down slightly but he really did hate that word.  A horrible taste would fill his mouth every time he heard it now. 

Lucius repeated what Draco had done but again nothing happened. Hermione was sure that her Floo was open at all times in case of emergency and she didn’t have any apparation wards for the same reason. For the first few months after the war she did but things had settled down now so she didn’t see the need for them anymore. 

Hermione was about to call them both idiots,  surely  there must be something they were doing wrong but that was a very slim chance with them being purebloods and Hermione was starting to worry. Hedwig pecking the window outside her living room distracted her. She went over to the window and let her in. She gave her an owl treat before taking the letter and Hedwig promptly flew away.  Strange  Hermione thought.  She usually waits for my reply. 

She looked down at the letter and recognised Harry’s messy scrawl. She was aware of Draco and Lucius watching her as they speculated on why the Floo wasn’t working.

What she read stunned her. 


 Hey Hermione, 



 Just thought I’d give you the heads up. 



 The ministry has ordered a complete lockdown on magic on my advice as we have a bit of a