eyes closed and swallowing the painful lump in his throat. "He lost all of his memories of the last ten years, at least. The doctors think it's just a matter of time until it comes back to him but I-" another breath of reinforcement, "I'm not so sure."

His mother squeezed him one last time and released him, sitting him down on one of the chairs and handing him a bowl full of stew (beef, it smelled like beef) and a spoon. He ate slowly, every once in a while stopping to wipe a tear off his cheek or blow his nose. At the end of the meal, the table was full of used tissues.

Exhausted, Albus left early for bed. His old room stayed as it was, apart from new sheets and maybe missing Quidditch posters his little sister must have nicked. With a sigh, Albus curled up in his bed and cried until he fell asleep.

The next morning Albus had a headache that made him want to curl up in a hole and die. He figured it had something to do with all the crying he did last night. He sure did regret it now.

After a family breakfast, with Lily sneaking wary looks his way every time he sniffled as if she was afraid he would burst into sobs any moment, and his mother pestering him to eat more and talking with a soft tone Albus hadn't heard her use in years, and his father chuckling behind his Quibbler, Albus gather up his courage and left the kitchen for the living room, grabbing a bar of dark chocolate – Merlin be damned if he was going to pass up free dark chocolate, even if he had to use the excuse of it being comfort food – on the way, standing in front of the fireplace and- flooing to his and Scorpius's apartment, instead of the hospital. He told himself he couldn't show up in yesterday's clothes, and that's why he had gone there first, but he found that he couldn't lie to himself and secretly admitted that he wanted to delay the meeting with Scorpius as much as possible.

Only that didn't work so well.

There, on the really-inappropriate-memories-invoking sofa, sat Scorpius Malfoy in all his glory and, well, robes, much to Albus's dismay.

The stormy, bright eyes met his green ones and Albus stopped in his tracks as he remembered that Scorpius didn't actually share any of those inappropriate memories, and he frowned deeply at the other man.

"What are you doing in my flat?" asked Albus, surprising himself with the authority in his voice, that only just managed to hide the crushing hope he felt at the thought that maybe the blond finally remembered.

Please remember me, he thought desperately.

The other man was sitting cross-legged, one arm resting leisurely on one of the armrests while the other hand stroked circles around a certain area on the sofa that Albus found very, very distinctively familiar. Heat flooded Albus's cheeks as he fought for some control over his exterior.

Scorpius returned Albus's frown with double force. "Your flat? I was under the assumption this was my flat. There doesn't seem to be more than one bedroom, to prove my point," he argued back. Then he narrowed his eyes. "Aren't you the bloke from the hospital? Are you following me? Because let me tell you, my father is one of-"

"I'm not following you. This is my flat. Ours. We share it."

The other man seemed to have liked frowning, because that expression remained fixed on his features like a permanent glamour. "But there's only one-"

"Bedroom, yes," Albus cut him off again, impatient. If Scorpius only remembered, then this would be much easier for both of them. He sighed and reached to his pocket, raising an eyebrow at the other man when the blond drew his wand in reaction. Scorpius used to suffer a lot of harassment by his fellow students on the grounds of being the son of a Death Eater, so it was only instinctive. He blushed and put it back in his pocket when he saw that Albus did not actually try to hex him, but pulled out the dark-chocolate bar he had grabbed earlier and snapped a piece, popping it in his mouth. Scorpius's eyes followed the motion and he licked his lips, making Albus want to groan around the melting bitter cube on his tongue.

"So we were, what? Boyfriends?" demanded the blond man urgently.

Albus didn't know if he should nod or run away. He noticed he didn't have that overwhelming urge to cry, unlike last night and earlier this morning. He wondered if it had anything to do with Scorpius's presence and the fact that he didn't disregard him as if he was just part of the background.

Scorpius must have taken Albus's silence as a 'yes', because soon he started to freak out, for the lack of better word, pacing and