to pummel his pointy face in every time I see him, especially after what he did to you." Ron cleared his throat. "But even I can see that you were happy with him. Happier. I'm not stupid."

She gritted her teeth. "It's not... look, Ron. I came here with you because you told me you want us to forget about them, didn't you? Then Merlin why are we talking about Malfoy, of all people?"

He raised both hands. "All right, all right. We won't."

"Good," she said triumphantly. "Because then I would have been forced to ask about Parkinson - and we both know where that conversation will lead to, don't we?"

Instead of the apoplectic fit she was expecting, Ron only mumbled under his breath and even smiled a bit. "So! What are you ordering?"

"Oh," Hermione said. The abrupt change in topic left her a bit confused. "I was... just thinking about this Pink Salmon--"

Just then, a waiter appeared and tapped Ron on the shoulder. Hermione watched as the waiter whispered something in his ear, before hurrying away. Soon enough, Ron himself was standing.

"Er, Hermione-- I'll be back, all right?" He walked a few steps before turning around and saying, "If I'm not here in ten minutes - just, just--" And then he hurried off.

What? Perplexed, Hermione moved to the side in time to see Ron slip inside a closed room. What was that about? Shaking her head, she studied the menu again before looking up and staring at his empty seat. Surely Ron wasn't planning something idiotic, like... oh, say, appearing out of nowhere and singing to her, was he? Because that would just be embarrassing. For both of them.

A few more minutes passed and she was becoming irritated. A waiter came and brought her a glass of champagne without her ordering one - but this realization did not come to her, too consumed she was with annoyance. Hermione reached for the glass and downed half of it. Three more minutes, she told herself. Three more minutes and if Ron still hadn't returned to their table she would--

Three minutes later, she did. 

Hermione emptied her glass and, with a ferocious frown marched towards the closed door. She thought she heard... was that the sound of people applauding? What on earth could Ron be possibly doing inside? 

What was going on? 

Hermione pushed the door open and quietly stepped inside - or rather, outside, as the doors led to a lavish garden. There seemed to be a celebration of some sort, with the festive decorations and people garbed in expensive clothing milling about and Merlin the full impact of where she was hit her.

This... this was Malfoy and Parkinson's occasion, where the two would officially announce their intentions to wed to the Pureblood elite. True enough her eyes sought Malfoy and Hermione saw him, clad in an elegant suit and looking so immaculately groomed and handsome it made her teeth ache.

Seated next to him was Parkinson, elegant and poised and pug-nosed. Malfoy then stood and offered his hand to her, a wide smile on his face.

Her own hand made its way to her mouth, and Hermione took a step back. Run. Run. You needn't see this. And yet her feet foolishly refused to move again.

Parkinson stood and smiled serenely at Malfoy. Just then, Hermione wanted nothing more than to give in to the base, primal, uncouth urge to gouge the Slytherin's eyes out with her nails. And yet--

The woman lifted a hand, but instead of taking his she moved hers up and patted him on the cheek. Twice. Then the Slytherin slowly made her way around the table and went to the side, plucking a person out of the shadows and Merlin that person was Ron.

Hermione couldn't help it; she gasped. And it was drowned by the sound of others gasping, too. The furious whispers started and further escalated when Parkinson snaked a hand around Ron's waist and kissed him.

In front of everyone.

In front of the Pureblood elite.

In front of Malfoy.

Merlin. Draco.

He looked absolutely shocked, and rightfully so. Beside him, Lucius could be seen curling his lip and tapping his cane against the floor. Narcissa, on the other hand, shot the kissing pair a venomous look before quickly placing a restraining hand on her husband's arm when the elder Malfoy made a move to stand. Another couple - Hermione could only guess that they were Parkinson's parents - merely shook their heads and averted their gaze.

The two finally separated. Ron looked absolutely gobsmacked, as though he didn't quite know what just happened to him. Parkinson, meanwhile, grinned and waved as though everyone was cheering them on. She then grabbed Ron's hand and together, they made their way to the door where Hermione stood rooted to the spot.

His eyes met hers, and