. “I disagree,” he quickly barked.

          Unfortunately Harry didn’t hear the protest. Or chose not to heed it. “We all already live in Hogwarts, so it will be easier for us, right? Don’t you think so, Daddy?” The boy was excited at the idea of having Lupin and Teddy as his new family.

          Snape narrowed his eyes. “Where did you get the idea about life plans, Harry?” After the pride of having an excellent son and his dangerous mischief died down, Snape was able to think more clearly. Surely no six year olds could comprehend about life plans. It must be from somewhere else. Or somebody else.

          “Uncle Sirius!” Harry answered cheekily. “When Teddy and I were in his house, Uncle Sirius told us about his life plans. Then he said that Teddy and I could have our own. And we have the same plan.”

          Snape swore the next time he met that big black dog, he would hex him into the next century. Or the next star, just like the name itself. Sirius Black would be so dead!

          “When will we visit Teddy? I’m sure he already tells Uncle Lupin about this. I’m sure they are waiting for us now. Let’s go, let’s go! I love summer!”

          While Harry delightedly danced around him, Snape mentally cursed Sirius, Lupin, the heat of the summer, and Sirius again for giving Harry such terrifying idea. He was glad that it was still the third week of summer holiday. He didn’t have to face Lupin like he should in Hogwarts. Snape couldn’t imagine how Lupin would react to his son’s idea. Suddenly Spinner’s End seemed like paradise and he didn’t want to leave it. Snape was a brave man but the idea of being matched by his son with his once school enemy made him quivered and uneasy.

          “This is the happiest summer, don’t you agree, Daddy?”

          Snape sincerely disagreed.

.-.-.

          Sirius couldn't suppress his grin. The corners of his mouth lifted upwards. He still had a laugh from the last time he had met Snape. Sure he had made a peace with the Dungeon Bat of Hogwarts, but it didn't mean that he would stop pranking him whenever chances presented themselves. Well, within boundaries of course, which meant something that amused him very much and didn't cost lives.

          When Harry and Teddy had visited him days ago, Sirius nonchalantly stated his life plans. Knowing those boys were curious creatures, Sirius had used his charms and intelligence to impress them. After revealing his life plans, which he had claimed to be super important for him, he encouraged the boys to make their own. It seemed that Harry and Teddy had their own plans. Sirius found it hilarious that they wanted their respective fathers to be together. As in, really together like a family.

          Sirius had tried his hardest to rein his laughter when in their usual visit to his house, Snape immediately marched to him with murderous intent emanated from his entire being.

          "Stop trying to contaminate my son with whatever rubbish you have in your narrow minds!" Snape had spat furiously.

          "What are you talking about? Please tell me," Sirius had politely taunted his once school nemesis.

          "Don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about," the Potions Master hissed in dangerous tone. Behind him Harry and Teddy were secretly watching him and Sirius in confusion. They had not understood why Snape looked so angry. Snape had ushered the boys to another room but they succeeded to sneak out.

          Snape had taken out his wand, ready to mutter the ugliest spell he knew. Sirius was also at the ready. Fortunately at that very moment Lupin stepped in and wandlessly accioed their wands, practically confiscated them with his nonverbal spell. Lupin was damn good at that.

          "I thought we all agreed that now you two are grown up men," the werewolf calmly spoke.

          "Indeed I am," Sirius amusedly drawled. "Maybe Snape here would like to tell us why he did what he did just seconds ago."

          Snape gnashed his teeth. But when Lupin calmly looked at him in genuine interest, Snape turned into fascinating colors. His face was pale and then colored faster than traffic lights.

          Another thing was that what Sirius had told Harry still remained a secret between him and his late best friend's son. Actually he had been joking when he said that one of his life plans was seeing Snape in jeans. Harry had stared at him wide eyed. Sirius had smiled widely when innocently Harry said he would like to help him about it. 

          His muse was stopped when he heard his floo flared. Thunderous thumping steps approached him. His regular visitors had finally arrived. Sirius grinned from ear to ear when he saw Harry merrily run towards him.

          "Look! I'm wearing jeans!" Harry announced. He laughed and pointed at his jeans clad legs.

          Sirius laughed in return. "This is my handsome boy!"

          Harry beckoned the older man. Sirius crouched before him. "