words that could be the cause.

“And the results?” he asked, a quaver in his voice that Draco would deny to the death of him.

“The most obvious should be clear to you,” Severus answered. “The rest you will come to see. The important part is that you will not ejaculate without permission again.”

“Sev, I said I'm sorry. I meant it! I swear, I can control it. I'll learn,” Draco sputtered, hands twisting in the lower parts of Severus' robes.

“You'll understand if I don't trust your judgment or awareness of self. Now, shall we proceed?”

Draco gulped, shifting his weight to his legs and braced arms, anything to keep himself off of the older Slytherin's lap. “Yes,” he whispered when he finally thought he might be settled enough to bear it. “Yes, I'm ready.”

“Very good.”

And then Draco seemed to be flying through the air, arm tightly squeezed in Severus' grip and settled with his hands braced squarely on the desk. Another shiver overtook him before Draco could relax his nerves over the change in position.

It wasn't so bad to receive a beating in this position. So much harder to embarrass himself with nothing pressing teasingly into his cock.

He shifted his feet, widening his stance to even out the pressure and pain of the coming blows.

Severus' hands slid over his covered bum, shifting the thin white shirt up as he went. “I'm afraid this will have to be removed, Mister Malfoy. Wouldn't want to damage it.”

Draco's hands clenched into fists atop the desk, fear pounding through him like he had never felt. “Sir?” he asked slowly. “You're not going to, are you? You wouldn't really whip me?”

Severus' hands seemed to still on his hips, holding him steadily between them. “Whipping, Draco? Even with my position in your life, your father would never allow that.” He cupped Draco's arsecheeks, spreading them delicately. “Nothing that might mar perfect Malfoy flesh.”

The insult was one he suffered often, allowing Draco a moment to relax. It would not be so bad, as long as Severus remembered that even in punishment there were rules and lines that must never be crossed. He could never go too far.

Would never, Draco knew.

He had only to endure it.

Draco bowed his head, flattening his palms against the desk, accepting the punishment Severus had deemed fit for his transgressions.

The sharp sting of Severus' hand startled a yelp out of him though Draco cut it off quickly, knowing full well that he should have been prepared for it. More blows followed the first, so many that Draco lost count quickly, his breath bursting out of his lungs to disturb the unmarked assignments littering the oak desk.

Blood slid down his chin, just a drop or two at first, to stain the old wood beneath his hands. It welled up around his perfect teeth as they dug into the ravaged skin of his lower lip.

It didn't hurt, not in any way he was conscious of below the burn of Severus' hand and spell. It was almost a relief to focus on the small bit of blood rather than the overwhelming sensations below his hips.

When Severus stilled again Draco almost didn't notice, too caught up in the exquisite pain of lightly callused flesh against his own.

Heated palms cupping his arse again drew him back to the present. Draco turned his head slowly, wary of renewing his punishment. “Severus?” he whispered after several seconds of silence and stillness. “Sev?”

Draco shifted uncomfortably, keenly aware of the dark eyes observing his every move.

He knew what was coming. Could feel it in the air shifting around him as he fought to stay upright before the desk. Draco lowered his head, eyes slipping closed without a fight. He must have seriously angered his mentor for the older man to be taking his punishment this far.

Cool fingers slid over his hips, fingering the buttons holding Draco's shirt closed.

Draco tensed, shifting uncomfortably against the heat of Severus at his back.

A chill passed through him as the first button slid free, his breath seeming to freeze in his lungs. The second opened with even less effort it seemed, and then the third.

Draco wished his wandless magic would redo them as Severus moved on to the next. But try as he might, pray as he might, there were still only seven buttons on his shirt. And the elder Slytherin was skilled at removing them. White cotton parted under the Potions Master's hands, slipping over Draco's shoulders and falling to the floor.

Cold air rushed down his windpipe, Draco gasped and shook, stumbling into the desk to get away from Severus' heat.

Severus' hands gripped Draco's upper arms, pulling him flush against the older man's body.

“Severus? Sev, I've been good, haven't I? I know I've