some magic Phineas Nigellus created to make our deaths easier, because he was afraid to die alone.  I never believed it.”  He shrugs.  “Shows what I know, right?  But that must be what this is, so that the last living moment we experience is something we want, something that makes us happy.”

Remus watches the other two kissing, arms wrapped around each other, their bodies pressed together.  “But, Sirius, is this what you want, really?  To remember how we were, rather than how we are?”

“Isn’t it better?”  

Remus turns from relative innocence to gaze upon the weary face beside him.  “It doesn’t make a difference to me,” he swears.  “Nothing that has happened, to us or between us, no matter how bad, none of it ever changed what we feel.”

Suddenly, the other Sirius draws away from Remus to shout at them.  “Idiots, shut up!  This could be the last chance you get.  Enjoy it before you’re through.”

The other Remus nods.  “Look, Padfoot.  You’re outside, in the sun.  It’s what you wanted isn’t it?  You’re not trapped anymore.  You’re free.  I’m here with you.  There’s no time to waste.”

Remus lets himself fall towards Sirius, abandoning any attempt at control.  He squeezes his eyes shut,  loses himself to everything but the warmth of Sirius’s body holding him up.  “Oh, Moony, you have no idea,” Sirius murmurs, and drags the pad of his thumb across Remus’s cheek.   

Remus doesn’t need to hear any more words.  “I know,” he whispers back, as a tear escapes from the corner of his eye.  “You don’t have to say it, I know.”  His hands clutch at Sirius’s hips, drawing him ever closer.  “I’ve always known.”  Sirius bows his head, his hair falling across his face and obscuring his expression.  Remus reaches up a hand to brush the locks away so that Sirius’s gaunt face reappears.  He loves the face before him much more than the young, full face of his memories.  He loves this face not in spite of, but because of, the sorrow carved into it, because all he can hope for, when he leans forward with a kiss, is to somehow take any small measure of that pain away.  

He knows it’s not enough, he knows, he knows he has not the power to make it better, but wanting to make it better, somehow that is everything.  

Remus learned to live without Sirius and, though it diminished him, he survived.  But before, before he had always known that Sirius still existed, no matter how degraded and distant.  And now, now, that single comfort will be torn away.  Now he’ll be left loving Sirius without having any hope of him.  

No, he must stop thinking, for it takes him away from this, this, and, as if he can command whatever he wants to occur, all fears of the future vanish.  

He doesn’t understand how it can feel like he’s inside Sirius and, at the same time, Sirius is inside him.  Anything seems possible here, anything is possible, because it isn’t real.  Except, except, the feelings are real, he understands that.  The feelings are real, and he has to be able to take them with him because now they will be all he has left.    

Sirius is somehow both above him and beneath him, to his left and to his right, all around him, and he could never crave anything else as much as this.  He grabs Sirius’s shoulders as the world begins spinning wildly, cracking into pieces and falling down around them, because Sirius offers the only protection he wants or needs.  

It doesn’t matter that it is too late, it doesn’t matter that everything is over, there is only this, and he can not stop touching Sirius, he grips his face now with both hands, stilling it and pressing frantic kisses across its whole, his cheeks, now, and now his brow, the tip of his nose, then those lips that have tormented Remus for fucking years, the pronounced dip in the center of the upper, the pout of the lower, he keeps his mouth attached to this most beloved face because, even now, even as he fights against it with every impulse, he can feel the magic falter and fade.  

They’re all alone now, their young doubles vanished.  The field disappears, along with the sun.  Nothing but darkness surrounds them, although they can see each other perfectly, suspended in space.  

“It’s over,” Sirius gasps, as they plummet, as Sirius begins to slip away from him.  “Let go,” he hisses.  “Remus, you have to let go.  You have to let go or you’ll fall through the veil with me.”

“I don’t care,” Remus says