them closer and-

"Where are we going, again?" Weasley asks, eagerly rubbing his hands together.

"When I asked Pansy out, I don't believe my invitation extended to you," I say harshly, glaring at him. Mimicking his tone, I mutter, "Why are you here, again?"

He just rolls his eyes and says, "Quit being a git, you git. I'm here because- well, actually, I don't know why." He fixes his stare at his girlfriend. "Where are we going again?"

"We'll be helping Draco buy something," Pansy answers, a bit distracted. She frowns. "Where did you get that shirt? I thought I threw that one away - the very day we moved in together."

Weasley proudly lifts the collar of the said shirt. "I dug it up. You can't throw this away, this is my favorite shirt!"

Which certainly explains a lot about his character, in my opinion. I mean, what kind of pathetic idiot will actually like a shirt that's orange in color and has some weird scribble that says 'Orange you glad I love you'?

Weasley you poor, pathetic bastard. I almost pity Pansy for shackling herself with the likes of you.

Which certainly explains a lot about her character, I believe. I mean, what kind of pathetic, desperate female will actually allow herself to associate with the likes of him? And for that matter-

Wait a bloody minute.

Just what am I doing with the likes of them anyway! Me, the epitome of virtue and good looks! Me, the vessel of supreme intelligence and extreme humility! Me, the personification of beauty and truth!

Cavorting, that's what.

Which is an abomination.

Eh, well.

"Well, aren't you?"

Pansy lifts her brows. "What? Aren't I what?"

He flashes his huge, nightmare-inducing grin, points at his hideous clothing and proudly says, "Orange you glad I love you?"

OH MY BLEEDING BRAIN, that has got to be the most idiotic, stupid, crass-

"That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard," Pansy comments snidely, redeeming herself in my eyes.

Maybe she has some taste anyway.

Then Pansy ruins the moment by smiling beatifically at Weasley and saying, "You are such a stupid dork. Come here, you."

I have to leave. Right now. Or else, all the food I've eaten since last Spring will come out of my mouth and I will disgrace myself and the holiest name of the Malfoy clan and-

Kissing sounds! Moans! Merlin! I walk away, disgusted, annoyed, irritated, and very much repulsed by the scene I've the unluckiest misfortune to witness. Eeeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwww. I have the strongest urge to scrub myself until I'm sore and I've positively removed all traces of that encounter, and feet, don't fail me now. Take me as far from here as possible, thank you. Walk! Or run gracefully, damn you! Run!

"Oy! Malfoy, wait up!"

"I'm fine. Leave me be! If you prefer to continue groping each other in public then go away and I'll deny knowing anything about you two disgusting-"

"We aren't groping each other." Then Pansy winks at Weasley. "Yet."

I can feel my skin crawl at her words.

This is the reason I won't be writing anything that has some stupid lovey-dovey aspect to it. I abhor everything related to the bloody concept, because romance is just some stupid woman's fancy way of referring to slavery - specifically, the man's. Men who think themselves in love are just brainwashed, hexed with a strong spell, until they are forced to do things they aren't inclined to doing - like thinking about some other person's feelings and-

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Weasley demands.

I blink. "What?"

"You're looking at me like I'm diseased or something," he replies, looking a wee bit insulted.

Interesting. Weasley has perception. And he uses it.

Pansy scoffs. "That's the way he always looks at you, love."

Weasley thinks this over and smiles. "Oh. Right. I forgot. Aaaanyway, where are we going, anyway?"

"Flourish and Blotts," I say succinctly.

"Really?" she asks disbelievingly. "What are you going to buy in a bookstore?"

I lift a brow. "What do you think?"

"I know! I know!" Weasley says happily. "You're going to buy - a book!"

Good Lord. I am in the company of a decrepit with a mental capacity of a five-year-old

Hang on. I think I just insulted every five-year-old in the world.

Pansy shoots him a glare before asking, "I meant what type of book are you going to buy?"

I ponder about this for a moment