like he had to do something.

He left his nearly empty drink sitting on the bar and waded into the mass of writhing bodies.

He danced his way toward the blond, rubbing against tight arses and hard bulges, until he knew he wouldn't be missed on Malfoy's next visual sweep of the crowd.

He pulled a pretty brunet against him, rocking into the bloke's arse and squeezing him through the front of his jeans. Eager hands pulled him closer, that arse cradling his growing erection, but Harry ignored the enticing touches.

Grey eyes were locked on his and they were full of anything but the coldness he had seen on the telly.

Long, pale fingers beckoned him closer and Harry abandoned his own partner with only an apologetic cock squeeze.

Strong hands gripped his hips as the music changed to something gentler. A slow and thorough fuck, Harry thought with a dirty grin as he slid his own hands around the blond's waist.

Malfoy matched the movements of his hips to the beat, a languorous roll that would open Harry's arse up perfectly before pounding him into the best orgasm of his life.

His moan was lost in the music as his cock pressed against the tight waistband of his jeans. Harry pressed closer, his erection grinding against the hard length of the blond's.

A sexy smirk met his eyes before Malfoy's previous dance partner drew his attention away. He pressed a possessive hand against Harry's hip before turning back to the man he had come with.

Jealousy filled Harry's heart, outweighing the anger he had felt at seeing the blond in a gay club in the first place, and strangely egged on by the tightness in his pants.

Harry watched the exchange of words curiously. The man was obviously irritated though Malfoy didn't seem all that perturbed. It made Harry achingly curious to know what was behind the argument but even that was overshadowed by the ache in his balls.

Harry grabbed Malfoy's hand, grinning when grey eyes met his again, and he tugged, leading the blond out of the crowd and away from watchful eyes.

Malfoy followed him willingly, past the bouncer and into the dark seclusion of the backroom. They weren't really alone, but it gave the illusion that they were.

Harry shoved the blond up against the wall. “What's a nice bloke like you doing in a place like this,” he whispered, jerking at the straining button and zipper of Malfoy's tight jeans.

Slim fingers gripped Harry through his own. “You know what they say,” Malfoy whispered back, squeezing as Harry arched into the touch. “What daddy doesn't know, won't disinherit me.”

Harry chuckled even though he didn't find what the younger Malfoy had been doing funny at all. He flexed his hand around the blond's cock and stroked him. “What sort of dastardly things do you get up to when daddy isn't looking,” he asked softly, nipping the tender underside of Malfoy's chin.

Malfoy rocked into the touch, working at Harry's fly. “This works,” he answered, shoving the jeans down Harry's hips.

Harry pushed the blond's clothing out of the way. “Such a naughty little Malfoy.”

The blond's movements slowed and then stopped altogether. “What did you say,” he gasped, pulling Harry's hands away from his bare skin.

Harry snorted. “Surely you didn't think you were unrecognisable. Not with that hair. Not with those eyes.”

Malfoy blinked quickly before coming back to himself, tucking his hard prick back into his pants and doing up his jeans. “Of course not! Not when my dear father has eyes everywhere.” He looked Harry over in open disgust. “How much is he paying you for this?”

It was Harry's turn to blink. “What?”

“How much is he paying you to come back with proof on his little queer son? Blaise fucking warned me...” He shook his head, running a hand through his dishevelled hair. “I should have known,” he whispered, sneering at Harry. “Tell my father he can go straight to hell. Divorcing my mother does not mean he gets to go out and sire another 'more appropriate' heir.”

“First of all, I don't have a fucking clue what you're talking about. And second, your bastard father can go fuck himself!” Harry shouted, pulling his own jeans back up. “Fucking piece of shite tosser. Wouldn't piss on him if he were ablaze.”

Malfoy shook his head and crossed his arms over his chest. “You've been caught out. Give up the pretense and then sod off.”

Harry stared at him. “Does your dad really pay people to try and seduce you?”

The blond nodded, shifting his stance uncomfortably and Harry was pleased to see he was still hard.

“How long has he been doing that?” Harry asked, stepping closer.

“Since before I was even of age,” Malfoy snapped bitterly.

“So then you