stumbles cheerfully towards the kitchen.

`No, you just sit down.´

With one hand over his heart Lily calms him down and guides him to the couch; James has seen her do this many times over the past, horrible weeks. It's like a trick, or like a spell, but all the more real, all the more unexplainable. Because he, James, can cheer Sirius up and he can comfort him and change his mind and he can make him stop but to this day Lily is the only one who can soothe him like this. James watches, mesmerized.

`A double for you, Sirius,´ she instructs as she goes into the kitchen.

Now he is looking into his eyes, James is, James and his eyes and Sirius thinks he can watch the last traces of sleep dissolve there, like clouds being blown away. He is too drunk for metaphors. Good.

`Look at your hair,´ he says, patting James on the head, flattening his rebel brown strands – he does this very slowly, like trying to get the aim right.

James grins. It's not a tired grin. Not like when Lily smiled at him before. It is bright and James-like.

`My hair? Look at yours.´

In the kitchen Lily rest her hands, palm open and down, on the counter, catching her breath as the sounds from the living room reach her, but muffled.

James lets Sirius play with his hair a while longer but he is just a bit too drunk and he pulls it from time to time and it hurts. James wonders if friendship means being willing to go bald for his best mate. He highly doubts it.

`I'm going to check how Lily is doing.´

When he gets up from the couch Sirius waves him goodbye in the exact manner a mother in the pictures would send off her only child going to the front. He is even waving an imaginary handkerchief.

James comes into the kitchen, Let me help with that, and touches Lily's elbow, her neck, the small of her back.

`Should we do something?´ she whispers to him.

`Like what?´

`I don't know. Should we have left him alone in the living room? Is it safe?´

`He is not a baby.´

`Maybe we should feed him. Something with sugar.´

James pats her head.

`I can't wait until you have my children,´ he says.

She slaps his arm for that. (Secretly she is terrified and excited by that idea, having children, and she should not be thinking about, not today of all days)

In the end: they all sit together in the couch, Sirius between James and Lily, cradled by them, protected by them. Lily wonders if having a child will feel like this, when she and James have one, if it's this sheer terror, this urge to do whatever it takes to keep another human being from pain and sadness, and she is doing that again, thinking this again.

James takes the coffee and offers it to Sirius gently.

`Do you need me to hold the mug for you?´ he asks.

`Do I look like a little helpless kid?´ Sirius' face all wrinkled in a frown.

`Does that mean yes?´

`...yes,´ Sirius says between his teeth, huffing, the nature of the stray dog never more evident.

He tastes the coffee tentatively, holding on to James' hands, warmer to him than the scorching-hot mug. The coffee tastes sweet, very sweet. Oh Lily. Lily and her shy, inadequate attempts at fixing everything. Like a brave little girl against the world. Sirius will always remember her like that, tiny and fragile, red hair all over her face, lips pursed in a disapproving curve, twelve years old, looking like she could take on all the bullies of the school herself.

Sirius is looking at his own hands, rather quizzically.

`Maybe I should have made soup.´

`I have weird fingers,´ Sirius comments. `Have you ever noticed that I have weird fingers? I mean, nobody has ever spent that long looking at my fingers so how could anyone have told me. There's something wrong with them, definitely. They are womanly. James, do you think I have girly fingers?´

`You have girly...´ he exchanges a look with Lily. `Oh so many things.´

`You are a meanie, that's what you... Do you kiss Lily with that mouth?´

A hint of drunkenness still filters into his voice but is fading gradually, the rest is all Sirius, and Lily realizes that she has missed that sound all day, that the worst part of death and war and bloody Lord Voldemort is that they are the only things capable of robbing Sirius Black of his loudness, just when she and James need it more than ever.

Sirius grabs his temples – he believes he has deja-vu, already feeling the upcoming hangover, because that kind of thing is completely possible.

`God, that was horrible today. Funerals do not agree