as he dragged her flush to him. With his other hand he lifted her heavy breast, gave a hard twist to her nipple, making her wince.  It was not nearly enough.  "Hate me," she ordered.  She walked backwards towards the bed and he followed, shoving her down, hovering over her.  He brought his hand to her throat and pressed tentatively. Why could he not understand that her craving was for brutality, a stranglehold entirely free of guilt? She was aching as their legs tangled together, as his cock brushed against her thighs, aching for him to use more force, to choke her.  "More," she rasped.  More than anything else, what she wanted was for him to make her fight for each breath as he fucked her.  Instead, he took his hand away, eyes begging her approval.  "Do anything you want with me, anything."  She saw the apprehension in his eyes.   "You can kill me."

"I could never."

“Coward,” she sneered, and yet she was surprised to realize she was not entirely disappointed by his refusal. She spread her legs wide for him, hands drifting down his body to clutch at his hips as he thrust forward. He had no idea how vulnerable and foolish he seemed to her. She could read all he felt in his face, he had never been able to lie to her. Still, she tilted her hips up to him. Over and over again she tried to swallow him deeper inside, and each time she coaxed a more beautiful agony to bloom across his face.  She knew she would not keep him, and she thought of those who might one day enjoy him, and how he would never want them as much as he had wanted her.  He was hers, he would always be hers.  When she had first made him hers, he had never even had so much as a kiss.  She had taught him everything.  "You will never love anyone else," she hissed, because she wanted him to understand that his devotion to her was a curse. She spoke the indisputable truth and stripped him bare with it. He had to come, because having pledged himself to her, there was nothing left but the fall.   He lay still for a long moment, heavy on top of her, and her hand rested against the sweat-slick flesh at the small of his back.  When his breathing slowed, he moved down her body. As his head bowed to her pussy, she once again raised her hips to him.  Her fingers tangled in his hair and her skin's kinship with him should not have made her feel so much. Could the beard of any other cheek scrape as roughly against her thighs, could the tip of any other tongue be as soft as it relentlessly traced the shaft of her clit? When she came, for a moment she thought she felt her eyes water, but it passed, it always did.  She pressed her hand to her chest, waited for her heart to slow.  She could feel him watching her and she kept her eyes closed, tried to keep her face blank, so that she could remain unknowable, apart.  What was it, then?  What impulse was lurking inside her, so strong that it acted without her permission, made her raise her hands to his face and press her finger against the scar above his upper lip?  When Sirius was ten, he was angry at his mother and smashed a whole shelf’s worth of enchanted perfumes and potions which were very precious to her.  Hours later, when she had him by the hair, he blamed it on his brother.  She had taken one of the glass shards from the broken bottles and deliberately cut Regulus’s face.  When the truth came out, their father, with great pride in the duplicity, proclaimed Sirius a 'Real Black'.  His mother had healed all scars but the one.  Bellatrix could not look at him when she said, "I hate them for giving you this."

"I would think you liked to see the proof of a wound's infliction," Regulus said.

"Your blood is mine to spill," she replied, wrapping both arms around him, both legs, clinging ferociously, "no one else’s."

He did not argue.

"Bella.  Bellatrix.  Bella."  He is calling for her.

She moves silently through the shadows, towards his voice.  When she finds him, she says, "I knew you would come to me.  I’ve been waiting all today, my cousin, all yesterday, I have been waiting."  She holds open her arms and he falls into them.  She opens her lips and shares her breath with him.  He returns her kisses and his face is wet. He is all in the world that makes her wish she could cry.  She licks his cheeks, brings his tears inside her and makes them hers, accepts the burden of sorrow.

She stares into his eyes, the pupils so dilated that she feels she can look all the way down them, all the way inside him, to read every last word etched on his heart.  Yes