always patting her on the head and stroking her hair. She’s not unkind, always, but, then, she’s not always with Parvati. Hermione thinks maybe Parvati has more to prove because the other mudbloods and half-bloods don’t give her her due as easily, not with that skin and that hair and the jewelry she dons, her clothes and even some of her spells. Hermione knows about being the wrong color and having something to prove.

Hermione wanted to learn the spells Parvati does in the dorm and only sort of in secret, away from the teachers but showing off to the other girls, which was maybe out of a sense of comradeship, maybe just because she knows they’ll never be taught at school. Now she thinks maybe she’d rather not, after all.

The other two girls are half-bloods and avoid even saying hello in the halls, just in case anybody thinks they’re like Hermione.

 

Neville, Hermione thinks, is exactly the kind of nice her parents warned her about. He’s mostly shy, and keeps to himself, but when he does bother to interact with the rest of them – Pav and Lav excluded – he does that sort of thing.

That sort of thing like opening doors for Hermione, or pulling out her chair, and giving her that smile and slight shake of the head. That sort of thing like speaking slowly to her and to Dean, especially when they’re together, overenunciating his words and pausing between them. That sort of thing like reminding Hermione what they’ve been learning in class every lesson she’s shared with him. He seems to like them, to think himself clever for offering a hand to the less fortunate about the school. Well, until someone accuses him of liking Hermione, anyway.

After that, it’s clear Neville only has room for one token low blood friend.

 

Hermione wonders what it is about Dean that makes him more acceptable, if he’s the right kind of wrong or there’s the benefit of the doubt or just that he’s a boy. She knows how self-congratulatory Neville feels. She never got that sense from Seamus, not with him being half-blood himself, but maybe that’s why. Sometimes the half-bloods seem to want to claw their way up, sometimes they seem to think they’re just as much at the bottom as everyone else, although Seamus hasn’t yet spelled out for Hermione that he’s got it just…as…bad…as…her,…kitten.

Hermione’s yet to see Seamus get quite the same looks or words or corrections on his assignments, but then, Seamus doesn’t just have the right mum, he has the right skin and the right clothes and the right supplies. But he doesn’t really pay attention to her, either, almost seems to forget she exists when she’s not talking directly to him. She’s never seen the sneer, or the glare, or the lascivious smirk, but she’s seen the surprise, even shock, when she appears, and she’s seen it again the second she says something in English, more when she says something in Latin, even Latin they’ve just learned in class. Seamus has the right outlooks to fit in, too.

He has the wrong accent, but Dean’s the only one to comment about that, and only Harry laughs, and no one else understands, so they stop pretty quickly. Well, Seamus understands, she has to assume, but even the half-blood girls in her year are fairly sheltered from realities of muggle life, and don’t see what accent has to do with it. Hermione wants to share a laugh with Dean, but he avoids her in a way the others don’t, even though he talked to her, at first, for days, maybe even weeks, even though he’s just like her, dark with dirty blood.

Hermione wishes she could stop thinking about blood status all the time.

Dean has it out for her now, though, has little jabs about her eating habits or how she doesn’t meet people’s eyes, nasty questions about why she isn’t wearing a veil, what that means for her purity, what that means for her prospects, what she means to be doing to his country, because he may be dark, but at least he isn’t one of those. Once, he pulls a little book from her bag and rips it to shreds, to the laughter of a few other muggle-raised students in their year.

Hermione cries, because that book was an out of print Greek-Latin dictionary, and it was hard to find, and she doesn’t suppose her parents can navigate a magic shop to get her a new one.

 

Finch-Fletchley is the worst. Hermione sounds out the other houses eventually, because they can’t all be as bad as all that, and she starts with Hufflepuff, because everyone knows they’re the friendliest. After he