s embarrassed by the little cry she gives, by her hands flying to her mouth in shock.  He wishes he could tell her he’d fought them all, hurt them, avenged himself, but he knows that wouldn’t impress her either.  He doesn’t know what would.   “What happened?”

“I got in a fight.”

“A fight?”

“I didn’t start it, if that’s what you think.”

“Who did this?”

“Stupid fucking Muggles.”

“Did you provoke them?”

“No!” he snarls.  “Worthless bastards, mean and drunk.”  He wants to add that, as far as he can tell, Muggles have no reason to live, but he knows how she would react to such a statement.

“I’m sorry.  There are some real assholes in this town.”

“I can fix it myself, but would you?”  He doesn’t have to state the reason.  They both know she’s far superior at healing.

“Of course.”  One by one, she takes away the cuts and abrasions with her wand and after each one disappears she gently presses her fingers against it to test that the wound is fully healed.  “Feel alright?” she asks when she’s finished and he nods.  “When you sent your message you said you needed a place to stay?”

“My mum and I argued.  She got angry and kicked me out.”

“Kicked you out?  Why?”

“She’s drinking too much.”  It’s not the truth, but it’s true, after all.

“That’s rough.  I’m sorry,” Lily says, and this is the closest they have been in a year and a half.

“Can I stay here?”  She doesn’t answer immediately.  “Lily…”

“Alright.  Petunia’s away.  You can take my bed.”  The room is small, the beds close together with only a narrow strip between them.  She turns off the overhead light, waves her wand and makes her own ceiling reflect the night sky, like in the Great Hall of Hogwarts.  Now the room is illuminated by the half moon, by the stars.

“Impressive.”

“Thank you.  It took a lot of practice.”  She pulls down the covers of her sister’s bed and slips inside, turning towards the wall.  He quickly strips down to his underwear and gets under the sheets.  It is still warm where she lay.  The pillow smells like her hair.  Once he is settled, she flips over to face him.  “Will you go back home tomorrow?  Give your mum a chance to calm down?”

“I don’t know.  I don’t think so.”

“Why not?”

“She hates me.”

“Don’t say that.”

“Why not?”

“Because of course she doesn’t.  She’s your mother!”

“So?  You were my best friend and you hate me.”

“Stop saying that!”

“Is it true?”

“Stop!” she cries and he does.  She looks at him for a long while, then looks down at her hands.  “I don’t hate you.  I could never hate you.”

He wishes it meant something, but it proves nothing of her feelings for him, only proves the tenderness of her own heart.  “What would Potter say about this?”

“It’s none of his business.”

“Do you love him?”

“I…don’t know.”

“You sleep with him.”

“You don’t know that.”

“I do.”

“Who told you?”

“I can tell.  Everyone can.  The way he struts…”  Though he and Potter have always hated each other, they had once been compatriots in a single respect: wanting Lily.  Much as he wished to hurt Potter, despised him, he had always recognized their shared panic, their need to have her and their agony in fearing another would win her, take her away.  She had been the one thing Potter hadn’t been able to have, the one halt to his arrogant victory march.  And the way he’s with her now is different.  He is so easy, so confident, because he’s too smug for doubt; now that he has her he believes he always will.  “…he’s finally won his prize.”

“Prize?  I’m not a thing, Snape, and he doesn’t own me.”

“Don’t call me that.  I hate that name.”

“Why?”

“Because I hate him who gave it to me.”

“Don’t piss me off and I won’t say it.  What do you care if I sleep with him?  You don’t own me, either.”

“I can’t stand having less of you than he does.”

“You don’t have any of me.  Not anymore.”

“I never had you.”

“How can you say that?”

“Having your friendship was never enough.  It’s easier not having you at all.”

“Oh, is