She does not want to move away from the Foe-Glass, which continues to display the visitor standing still at the gate, hands in his pockets and eyes fixed on their home.  She does not want him to take them by surprise.  “Sirius,” she says, loudly, but not a shout, trying to be as surreptitious as possible.  “Sirius!”

“What?” he croaks, after a moment.

“Your brother is standing outside our house.”

He rushes to her side, wand thrust forward, and pushes her behind him as he faces the Foe-Glass.  “Damn it.  What the hell is he doing?”

She has to stand on tiptoe on the front step of their staircase to be able to see over Sirius’s shoulder.  “You know,” she says, after a careful consideration of the shimmering image, “it almost looks like he’s waiting to be asked in.”

Sirius looks round at her like she’s gone mad.  “Death Eaters don’t stop for an invitation, my dear.”

“Exactly.  If he were here to hurt us, he wouldn’t make himself such an obvious target.  Look at him.  He’s just standing there.”

“Shall I kill him?” he says, and he’s joking, but they both know it could come to that.

“If you have to, I suppose.  See what he wants, first.”

“You’re joking.”

“No.  Sirius, he’s your brother.  You shouldn’t kill him without a really good reason.”

He smirks, and she’s glad of it.  She can be brave, because he is.  He can take care of himself, he can keep her safe.  “Consider this, sweets: killing him would likely kill my mother, as well.  One good curse, two dead, twice the celebration, see?”

“Have I ever mentioned that your frequent homicidal urges towards your family are distressing?”

“Are you insinuating that I am not utterly, flawlessly charming?”

“You have charm enough,” she says, wrapping her arms around him.  “The sooner we sort this out, the sooner I can lure you back to bed.”

“Right. Here I go.”

“Wait!  I’m coming with you.”

“Like hell.”

“I’m just as good as you in a duel, and you know it.  It’s safer if we go together.”  She knows what he’s going to say next, so she pre-empts him.  “Don’t you dare mention the baby.”  Horrible as it might sound, the baby, although it’s alive inside her, still feels like a far off possibility.  Sirius is already here, already hers, and the intensity of her concern for the baby is nothing compared to the fear of losing him.

Sirius touches the door with his hand, and then his wand, and it begins the long whirring process of unlocking.  Lily keeps her eyes fixed on the Foe-Glass, but Regulus never moves.  When the door has finished the sequence, Sirius opens it a sliver and shouts, “Send me your wand.”  In the Glass, Lily watches as Regulus takes his wand from his pocket and lets it go into the air, where it floats through the morning mist and into Sirius’s hand.  Sirius steps back from the door, closes it again and looks down at the wand.

“Is it his?”

“Yeah, it’s his.  He could have another one on him, but it won’t be as powerful.”  Their eyes meet.  “Ready?” he says.  She nods and he nods back and opens the door.  Side by side they stand together at their doorstep.  Side by side, they move down the cobblestone path, both their wands trained on their visitor.

From the moment they stepped outside, Regulus has kept his arms in front of him, palms up, as though he is a soldier about to surrender.  As they move closer to him, Lily can see the troubling details that weren’t visible in the murky Foe-Glass.  There is a new scar, red and raised, across his cheek.  There are bruises under his eyes.  He has lost so much weight that it shows in his face, in the hollows under his cheekbones.  He looks ill, or as if he is recovering from a long illness.  As he moves forward to lean against the gate, Lily notices that his left leg drags.  “Is it true?” he says, when they stop, a good ten feet from him.  Lily is disturbed by how similar his voice is to her husband’s.  In the dark, she doubts that she could tell them apart.

“Is what true?” Sirius says.

Slowly, Regulus nods his head at Lily, his eyes fixed on her belly.  Without thinking, she hunches her body forward in a movement of protection, she covers her womb with her hands.  Regulus’s face falls.  “It is true,” he says.  After a moment, he turns his attention back to his