Draco wrapped his arms around Harry's neck, letting his long fingers bury themselves in the unruly hair, breathing in the freshness of the rain and the seductive scent of Harry.

Harry lifted his knees up slightly, making Draco slide further up his thighs and trapping him between his firm thighs and abdomen. As Draco tried to move into a more comfortable position, their crotches grinded against each other and the two boys let out quiet, raspy groans. Draco repeated the motion, and Harry's lips pulled away from his as the green-eyed boy nearly banged his head against the stone wall, Draco's hand on the back of his head being the only thing to prevent a nasty bump from showing on Harry's scalp later on. Harry's breath stuck in his throat as Draco brought himself down on Harry's lap more forcefully, and his hand gripped the blond boy's hip to stop the movement.

"We can't do this here," Harry whispered weakly.

Draco ignored him and started placing soft, open-mouthed kisses down his neck. Harry's breath came quicker and he clenched his eyes shut, his mind becoming foggy. He shuddered in pleasure, his resolve fading and leaving him only with an overwhelming feeling of desire.

The hand clutching the thick cloth of Draco's robe over his hip abandoned its earlier purpose and trailed down the cloth to the hem, freeing his under-shirt from his trousers and sliding beneath the layers of clothing and slowly up Draco's side, touching the smooth, feverish skin as he went.

Draco let his tongue massage the point where Harry's neck met his shoulder, pressing hard against the flesh until Harry finally got the hint and tilted his head to the side, making it easier for Draco to reach places on this neck and jaw he couldn't before. Draco's hand started gently stroking Harry's damp hair and scalp, letting his nails scratch the tender skin. Harry shuddered again, making Draco chuckle against his neck.

Harry's hand under Draco's cloths now moved horizontally, splaying over his upper back before moving downwards, making a wave of heat spread through Draco's body. Draco copied the motion with his free hand, worming under the cloths and immediately sinking his arm up to the elbow inside the heated space.

Unlike Harry's warm touch, Draco's palm had been pressed to the wall Harry's back had leaned against to support himself. Draco let his ice-cold fingers trail down Harry's spine, making Harry arch his back off the wall and meet Draco's thrust half way in what must have been a very well-calculated move on Draco's part, for the pleased smirk on his face and Harry's surprised gasp could not have indicated anything else.

"Draco," Harry managed to say accusingly, though his eyes stayed closed and he could not maintain a serious expression. It might just as well have been him calling his lover's name out in passion, but Draco could distinguish the slight difference in the tone of Harry's voice.

The blond lifted his head to level it with Harry's. "You never let me have any fun," he whispered against Harry's lips.

Harry grimaced. He could not concentrate like this. He could barely stop himself from pouncing on Draco and having his way with him. But this was Hogwarts, and somebody could walk in on them any moment – there was only so much concealment charms could do, especially in the rain when they're most likely to betray the ones hiding under them by shimmering – and it was easier to pretend to be caught up in a fist-fight fully dressed than naked.

Harry shuddered again. The thought of Draco naked was not what he needed in his head right now.

"I don't think I'd be able to stop once we got started, and you know that would be bad," Harry insisted, trying to stay unaffected by Draco's methods of seduction. It wasn't working very well. He opened his eyes to see Draco's stormy ones staring into his own.

"I could always body-bind you if you're having any trouble," Draco suggested, licking his lips.

Harry groaned at the thought. "Fuck."

"Where did you pick up that delicious term?" asked Draco, his eyes gleaming and his lips set in a predatory smile.

"Muggles," Harry answered, trying to ignore the way his whole body tingled when Draco shifted on top of him.

"Then I thank the muggles for being productive, for once," Draco said, lowering his head to capture Harry's lips in a slow kiss.

As he drew back, Harry's head inclined forwards, as if drawn to Draco's lips by magic. Draco smirked and smashed his lips into Harry's, forcing them open with his tongue as he did. Their slick tongues met passionately, pushing against each other in a battle neither was ready to lose. Draco groaned into Harry's mouth, using both his hands to try