, is the countryside, I should say. After all, many good people come from it. Your uncle the Wolf did. The thing is, he didn't always used to to be the Wolf. We all became who we are through various means, but his was by far the most painful.

Maybe I shouldn't tell you that particular story. It isn't really mine to tell. Ask your uncle when you're older.

Now, you must be wondering how it is that these four very different people met. I can tell you that like most grand endeavours, it begins with a journey. This one takes all of us far north, into the land of silver trees and endless winters. We journey by train, a long scarlet thing that leaves trails of smoke dark as storm clouds. We meet by accident, considering how different we all are, but maybe that's what draws us all into this adventure in the first place.

I should tell you that my first act as newly minted adventurer is to fail, and rather spectacularly at that. Seeing as I was a spoiled, insufferable prat at the beginning of all this, I think that I rather deserved it. (Just do me a favour, man to man, and don't tell your dad I admitted it.) It turns out I got a little lost right at the start of the adventure, and ended up in the entirely wrong House. Though I really should call it the entirely right House, considering everything that happened afterwards, but at the time it was devastating. But you know -- or you don't know, for which you will one day be grateful -- that's what happens when you grow up in a home like mine.

Anyway, in the grand scheme of things that's neither here nor there. The point is that this House is the place where we all congregated, your starry uncles and your godfather and your dad. I can inform you with much certainty and fond nostalgia that once the initial ice had been broken, we had ourselves many, many adventures, and were happy for a good long while.

I don't know if you've noticed (who knows what babies notice, really), but the world isn't quite so wonderful these days.  I suppose one could say that in your perception, they've always been kind of bad, considering how short a time you've been alive.

You already know that I am one who is often given to metaphor. Maybe this is excessive of me, but I am usually excessive, so here I go: you are a shining ray of light. Not my best work, I can tell, based on your little frown just now I have to agree, but you have to forgive my occasional lapses in creativity, as your poor dear godfather has been under a lot of stress lately.

You probably don't know what this means, and I hope with all my heart that you never have to, but here are the facts: we are at war. We have been for a while. What's a war? Can I eat it? you say, with those big adorable eyes ("so much like your mum's", I could mention, but I'm sure you must be really tired of hearing it by now). Once again, I hope you never have to know. There are some things the world just doesn't need. Compare with babies, for an example. Babies, needed. War, not.

And you, Prongslet, in particular, are very, very much needed. You may find this difficult to believe, with your nascent worldview and all, but we grown-ups who have been fighting this war -- some of us longer than others -- had almost forgotten what it was like. New life, I mean. New love. In war, it seems like things are only lost.

But you...you've proven this to be untrue. All you had to do was be born. Do you realize how incredible that is? To be so much to so many people, just from the simple fact of living. That's love, I tell you. Simple, elegant, exquisite. Magic, is what it is. The purest, most powerful form there is. Don't ever let anyone tell you otherwise.

...Sorry about that, That was perhaps a much bigger and deeper sigh than was warranted for that sentence. It's just the mention of love always makes me think a whole lot of thinky thoughts. Usually this is very arduous so I try not to do it too regularly, but you must know, I'm simply too brilliant to not be thinky every so often.

I love you, you know that? I'm sure you've been told this many, many times already over the course of your short little life, but more the better, especially when it comes to love.

I imagine one day you'll come to know what I mean, so I might as well prime you for it before you have