their sanctions are ridiculous – but our first priority should be stopping and eventually reversing the progression of the disease.”

“I said it before and I’ll say it again,” said Daphne, who really was settling into the loudmouthery of Gryffindor quite well. “The Muggles need to stop polluting everything.”

“You have to look at it like this,” said Sally. “Telling Muggles to just stop doing the things that cause pollution would be like telling magical people to stop using Lumos because the blue-spectrum light disrupts our circadian rhythms. We need light sometimes, and it’s the only light spell some people know...if they couldn’t use Lumos, then they’d be stuck in the dark.”

“There are a number of different spells they could learn to light a room,” said Anthony. “If they’d but look it up.”

“That’s true,” said Sally. “And the same with Muggles. They have other options, but getting those other options going is really expensive, and there’s a lot of money changing hands and backroom deals with the politicians and the businessmen who own the polluting machines whose sole purposes are to ensure the better options, the Lumos-alternatives, don’t happen.”

“People disgust me,” said Daphne, and then proceeded to look out the window and ignore the class. Apparently that statement was meant for all people, and not just Muggles. At least she wasn’t prejudiced, Harry thought.

“Well, we could just shut down their machines and force them to use the other options,” Anthony said.

“An interesting idea,” said Professor Orkney. “Unfortunately it violates many international statutes regarding the fair treatment of Muggles. Although, if the Minister keeps getting blocked by the UMN, I wouldn’t be surprised if he declared martial law and did it anyway. The embargoes are going to hurt, but we’ve survived worse as a nation.”

“I’d support it,” Draco muttered.

“I just don’t get why they don’t care,” Harry added. It was one of the things that he’d never understood, despite spending over half his life with Muggles. “Even ignoring the dying magic, which they don’t even know about, pollution makes them sick and makes the water and air ugly, and they know it. There are options out there that don’t ruin the earth or make people sick, and people fight so hard against it.”

“People do incomprehensible things, Mr Potter,” said Orkney. “It’s unfortunate, but it’s how the world is. Not everyone cares how their actions affect others so long as they themselves are not unduly harmed. That is a sentiment, I’d wager, that escapes you.”

Harry nodded. He was surprised to see Draco nod, too. In fact, all the Hufflepuffs were nodding, even Eloise, Megan, and Ernie on the Gryffindor side. The other Gryffindors looked thoughtful, but hadn’t immediately agreed.

It was a strange feeling to be so in sync with so many other people, but the strangest feeling of all was being synced with Draco. Hermione’s words came back to him. He remembered: See how they huddle, and knew in that moment that it wasn’t a Slytherin defence mechanism – it was an instinct.

Slytherins saved their own. Hufflepuffs saved the world.

Draco was both, and finally Harry was beginning to understand his sorting. Piece by piece it came to him. And now there was this new piece that said Draco believed in saving the world because his people were in it. And Harry was one of those people now.

It didn’t have to be acknowledged; it didn’t have to be obvious. It was just how Hufflepuff was, and he understood that now.

Gryffindors saved the people who needed it. But Draco didn’t need Harry to save him anymore, so he would just have to help save the world. Because Draco was in it.

 



-x-

They had Herbology after lunch, a class Harry appreciated a hundred times more now that he was in Hufflepuff. His common room was full of class projects and clippings Professor Sprout had brought back to her badgers from her many travels, that they’d got to grow in the windowsills and along the walls. He saw the beauty in the plants now, more than just their usefulness as medicines or potion ingredients. He saw the life in them, like he saw the life in Hufflepuff itself.

He didn’t want that to die. It was more than just his own magic he was mourning; he began to mourn also the magic of the world, all these things that could not be replicated without it.

Professor Sprout seemed more worn down these days. She and Neville, and some of the other Hufflepuffs who did particularly well in Herbology, spent many nights up working until the early hours. Last night had been no different.

“Our samples from the magical depletion sites came in this morning,” said Professor Sprout. “And since we’ve just seventh and eighth year Hufflepuffs