this is a really bad idea - but then Jensen rests his hand on his chest, warm reassurance, and asks, 'You OK, man?', and this is Jensen, who wouldn't so much as breathe on him without permission. It's still kind of scary, but Jensen strokes his hand across Jared's skin, rubs his thumb against the tip of one nipple, and suddenly all Jared's reservations are forgotten, because this is the hottest fucking thing he's ever felt.

He swallows and says, 'I'm cool.'

Jensen looks him in the eye for one long moment, then grins suddenly, an echo of the trademark Dean grin he'd given while snapping the cuff closed that morning. Jared knows this is all Jensen, though: amusement and naked lust mingled with something softer. Next thing he's leaning down to give Jared the hottest goddamn kiss they've ever shared, and fuck it's worth doing this just for that kiss alone.

Jensen kisses him for a long time, sucking and biting at his bottom lip, fucking his mouth with his tongue until Jared's whimpering with lust. Instinctively he tries to bring his hands down to cup Jen's head, seeking to deepen the kiss, wanting to run his fingers across the stubbled skin of Jensen's jaw, but when he moves he's brought up short by the cuffs. He lets out a little moan of frustration and Jensen pulls away with a laugh. 'Sorry, man, tonight I get to run the show.'

He kneels on the bed, looking down at Jared with half-lidded eyes. The lamp casts light and shadow across his body, picking out the tiny hairs in gold, and Jared aches to run his hands across that skin. He writhes again, pulling against the cuffs.

'Please, Jen, so beautiful, you gotta let me touch you.'

Jensen flushes, mixed embarrassment and lust darkening his skin, and his cock twitches against his belly. He shifts closer to Jared, almost close enough to touch, but makes no move towards the cuffs. Jared gives him a pleading look and he smirks.

'Hell no, I'm not uncuffing you. You look so fucking pretty, stretched out for me... maybe I'll just look at you all night.'

His voice is low and hoarse with lust, sending shivers through Jared's body. Jared's on the point of begging, except his throat's suddenly too dry to let him speak, because Jensen's moving his hands across his own body, skimming across smooth, freckled skin before he slides one hand down to wrap around his cock.

'Maybe I won't fuck you at all; maybe I'll just bring myself off, come all over your fucking gorgeous face, lick my come off your skin...' His voice gets lower and breathier as he strokes his cock: slow, twisting movements that have Jared bucking his own hips in sympathy.

Jared's cock is harder than he would've believed possible, hot against his belly, and his breathing's so shallow that he's beginning to think he might pass out. He closes his eyes, because watching Jensen jerking himself with that look in his eyes is just too hot to bear when he's held down like this. Then, thank god - thank Jensen - he feels warm skin next to his; hot, wet lips closing on his neck. Jensen sucks and licks up and down his body, hard enough to leave marks, nipping at the sensitive flesh at the curve of Jared's hip until Jared's reduced to incoherent cries and moans.

When Jensen pulls away, Jared thinks he's going to tease again, and he's almost crying at the thought, because he needs to be touched. Then warm hands are spreading his legs, and suddenly Jensen's there, face buried in the crease of Jared's thigh. His nose nudges against Jared's balls, and he inhales deeply and lets out a soft moan. 'You smell so fucking good, Jared.'

Then he bites down on the flesh of Jared's thigh, laughing when Jared yelps and bucks his hips. Jensen takes another deep breath and then ohgodohgodyes suddenly his mouth seems to be everywhere, hot and wet around Jared's balls, tongue sliding up to lick at his cock and then back down, lower and lower still. He feathers the tip across Jared's perineum and then sweetJesusandallhisangels drives it into his ass, hard and pointed and so fucking slick. Jared lets out a strangled scream, so high he can hardly hear it himself, twisting into Jen's touch. He surges up off the bed, tugging against the cuffs, but he's not trying to get away any more, because this is fucking amazing and he doesn't think he has enough control over his own limbs to touch Jensen now even if his hands were free.

Jensen slides a finger in beside his tongue, reaches the other hand round to grab Jared's dick, fucking him open with hands