says a third time, and breaks into a smile. "You - Santa's been! This is Christmas!"

"It traditionally is Christmas on the 25th," Jensen observes dryly, but he's ridiculously relieved. This is his Christmas too, and it would really suck to have gone to all this trouble and then find that Jared hated it.

Jared just keeps on grinning. "This is awesome. How did you get all this done, man?"

"Just a little Christmas magic," Jensen says airily, but he can feel a warmth spreading through his chest, and it really does feel like Christmas magic. He's grinning back at Jared, goofily, and maybe a little too enthusiastic, and he suddenly feels the need to busy himself with the breakfast things.

Jared sits down and eats about a gazillion pancakes, talking nonstop between bites about how his mom always cooks pancakes for Christmas breakfast, and the way she always used to make a special pancake for each of the kids, dripping the batter in a pattern to make a pancake person. Jensen just sits back and lets him run, enjoying himself more than he has for days. He realizes that this - bouncy, hyperactive Jared - fills a gap in him that he hadn't even realized he had.

It's only when all the pancakes are eaten that Jared quietens down again, fiddling with his fork and pouring swirls of syrup in elaborate curlicues on his plate. He won't quite meet Jensen's eye, and the conversation falters and stops.

"You gonna open your presents?" Jensen says finally, because Jared won't quite look at those either, although they're pretty hard to miss, half of them wrapped in the purple sparkly paper Jensen had picked out for Mackenzie's gifts and the rest in the hideous green and orange that they'd wrapped Tom and Mikey's gag gifts in.

Jared flushes and looks even more unhappy. "I didn't... Jensen, I wasn't expecting any of this. I haven't got a gift for you."

Jensen actually laughs out loud, because if that's the cause of Jared's current slump then he can definitely live with it.

Jared looks even more miserable. "I'm really sorry. I suck as a friend, man."

"Dude, wait till you see the gifts before you start beating yourself up," Jensen says. "They're not exactly Santa's finest. Anyway, I'm totally making you wash all the dishes for the next forever."

Jared relaxes a little bit, and Jensen reassures him, "It's no big deal, seriously. I don't need a gift. But I'm gonna be pissed if you don't open these after I've worked my ass off making sure the Grinch didn't steal Christmas."

Jared pulls the first gift towards him - one of the purple sparkly ones with a pink fluffy bow Jensen found in the bottom of the box of decorations. Sadie yips excitedly when he opens it and pulls out an extra-large doggie biscuit.

"Couldn't let the kids go without a Christmas present," Jensen tells him seriously.

Jared laughs. "I just hope you haven't been playing favorites."

"Never," Jensen promises solemnly. "I mean, Sadie knows that the way to my heart is not to put wet paws on my bed, which counts for a lot, but I don't wanna give Harley self-esteem issues."

Jared grins more and opens the orange and green package Jensen indicates, pulling out one of Harley's favorite chew treats. "Equal treatment is key," he says solemnly.

"It sure is," Jensen agrees, and pushes across the package of cookies for Jared. He had some trouble figuring out how to wrap it up - Mackenzie had made cute little boxes when she did hers, but he didn't have anything like that. In the end he'd cannibalized the box of Lucky Charms, doing his best to get the gift-wrap around it without smooshing all the cookies in the process.

"Thanks, man," Jared says around about three cookies. "My self esteem was getting a little bruised, for sure."

Jensen steals a cookie from the box - he's just eaten his own bodyweight in pancakes and bacon, but it's not really Christmas without making yourself sick on sugar.

It doesn't take long for Jared to open the rest of his presents - a mix CD that Jensen stayed up way too late to make, and a fresh can of shaving cream in honor of the Winchesters. Jensen had considered a porn mag, but the only - ahem - fresh one he has is one that he suspects Jared would be decidedly uninterested in. Despite the fact they live in each other's pockets, that's a conversation that Jensen's so far avoided having to have with Jared. After all, for most of the time they've known each other they've both had girlfriends.

Jared leans back in his chair and sighs with contentment.