, he's Joseph, who flirts with all the girls and allows their mamas to feed him up. Scott in New York attends wild parties and goes home with a different boy every night. When he's tired of both, he makes the journey back to Scotland, visits art galleries and museums in the guise of shy, quiet Geoffrey.

He writes letters about his travels, describing the adventures he's been having. At first he sends them to everyone, remembers birthdays and anniversaries, keeps in touch with everyone who made it through the war. There's something slightly unsettling about writing to people who would no longer recognise him in the street, though. Out of sight out of mind, so the saying goes, and judging by how few owls he receives in reply, it's true enough.

Gradually he stops writing to everyone but Neville.

He's having a pint in a pub in London when a red-haired girl approaches him, saying she feels as if she knows him but can't quite place him.

'What's your name?' she asks, and he starts to say 'Harry'. Before the word is half out of his mouth he sees her gaze start to slip, her mind unable to hold onto the name.

'James,' he finds himself saying instead.

'James,' she says, smiling. 'That's a nice name. I'm Emily.'

Somehow he ends up going home with her at the end of the night, and then doesn't get around to leaving again. They settle into a quiet routine together: cooking and talking and making love. Playing house. Harry imagines that this was how his mum and dad must have lived, once upon a time, and when Emily starts dropping hints about meeting her family, leafing ostentatiously through books on weddings and babies, he goes along with it. She's not serious, not really - it's only a few months since they first ran into each other - but it's a nice dream.

One day he picks up one of the books himself, one that lists names and their meanings. He flicks idly through until he finds a page she's marked.

James: from the Hebrew meaning 'supplanter' 

He stares at the words for a long time. Then he puts the book down, carefully, and walks out of the house.

He goes back to travelling, never staying more than a couple of nights in one place. Sometimes he tries telling people the truth about who he is, but it never works. They laugh in his face, or are struck mysteriously deaf, or just forget to see him at all. Eventually he gives up, takes to changing names as often as he changes his clothes, and sometimes more often.

It gets harder and harder to remember who he's supposed to be. He stops talking to people, except for the few words it takes to pick guys up in the sleazy clubs he's taken to frequenting. He doesn't bother to ask their names, and they don't ask his, just fuck him hard and frantic. Once he hears one of them gasp out a name as he comes, and Harry understands that it's not even his body the guy's seeing.

It's after one of these anonymous encounters that Harry finds that he's been robbed. He stumbles bleary-eyed out of his hotel room, intending to pay for another night, and reaches for his wallet to discover that it's not there. Most of his money's in Muggle bank accounts, since Gringotts wouldn't recognise him as Harry Potter, and the wallet is - was - stuffed full of credit cards in other people's names.

'I - I don't seem to have my wallet,' he says in bewilderment.

'Perhaps you dropped it,' the receptionist says brightly. 'There are a couple in lost property. What's the name?'

Harry opens his mouth to speak, and realises he has no idea.

'It's a secret,' he says, and starts laughing uncontrollably, long, gasping laughs that fill up the room.

The receptionist stares at him in horror, backing away.

He stops laughing. 'It's a secret,' he says again, quietly this time. Then he turns and runs, Apparating away as soon as he's out of her line of sight.

He wanders for a few days, drifting from place to place and - when he remembers to eat - stealing food. Eventually he finds himself near Ron and Hermione's flat, although he had no intention of going there. But he's always gone to them when he was in trouble, and apparently it's hard to break the habit of a lifetime. He can't quite bring himself to knock on the door, though, so he just lingers out in the street, waiting for one of them to pass by. He's there for hours, shivering in the rain, before Hermione appears, walking briskly along with bags of shopping.

'