s when they knew for certain.'

'Knew what?' Narcissa asks.

'That he was a Squib,' Bellatrix hisses, eyes darting towards the door as if she's afraid that someone will overhear them.

Narcissa feels her eyes go wide. She's heard of Squibs before, of course, but she hadn't thought that there could be any in a family like theirs. The Blacks are purebloods with a line stretching back for generations. 'What happened to him?'

Bella makes a terrible face. 'Just look at the family tree, the next time we visit Aunt Walburga. Gone.'

Bellatrix sweeps out of the room before Narcissa can ask any more questions, pausing only to say ominously, 'Once in a while, Cissy, even the best bloodlines produce a sport.'

Later, in bed, Narcissa whispers to Andromeda, 'What if you turned out to be a Squib? What would you do?'

'You'd have to become a Muggle, I s'pose,' Andromeda says practically. 'Live in their world.'

Narcissa shudders. She knows she has no real need to worry: she's already performed a couple of small charms, even managed to turn Andromeda's ears green. But she can't quite shake the image of the pale, mewling thing born in Argos' last litter. Their mother had curled her lip in disgust and ordered the house-elves to dispose of it. Is that what happened to Uncle Marius, too? Or was he just kept somewhere, hidden away while his brothers and sisters went away to Hogwarts and then out into the real world?

Narcissa has nightmares for a week, dreaming of her mother's pale, disgusted face and the sensation of walls closing in.

Her Hogwarts letter arrives, of course, just as it did for Bella before her. The crisp green lines of ink glisten brightly, promising a new life, the one Narcissa was born to. For the rest of the summer, her dreams are of the friends she'll make at Hogwarts; the wide, open halls filled with new people to meet.

When she makes the walk from the dais to the Slytherin table - conscious of Bella's bright, exultant gaze - it's even more exhilarating than she'd dreamed. Narcissa takes her seat among her new housemates, under the house banners. Their shining green and silver recalls the promise of the letter: growth and strength and vitality. It feels right, like stepping into a robe made especially for her.

It's not until much later that Narcissa realises she was actually stepping into a trap.

Surprisingly, it's not Draco's father who first tells him about the Hogwarts letters. It's Theodore Nott.

They're both seven years old, crouched in a hidden corner of the gardens which Draco considers his own. It's tucked away behind the folly, a little patch filled with wild-looking ferns and towering shrubs perfect for hiding in. Draco supposes the house-elves go there sometimes - although it's wild, it's an intentional sort of wildness - but they don't count.

'Everyone who can do magic gets a letter,' Theodore tells him. 'And then on the first day, they sort you into your houses.'

'Slytherin, Ravenclaw, Gryffindor and Hufflepuff,' Draco says. He already knows all about the houses, and the stories of their founders. 'Slytherin is the best. He was the most powerful of all the Founders.'

Theodore looks thoughtful. 'I don't know. Slytherin was powerful, but he was on his own in the end. I wouldn't mind being in Ravenclaw: they're the cleverest house. Besides, you can't be sure where the Hat will put you.'

'All the Malfoys have been Slytherins,' Draco insists. He doesn't like the way Theodore sometimes makes him feel: shaky and off balance, like all the things he knows might not be true.

'All the Blacks were, too, until your cousin Sirius,' Theodore points out.

Draco squirms a little. They don't talk about Sirius. Even if he did (Draco's father says) finally behave like a Black and get rid of the Potters, that was also the night that the Dark Lord disappeared. Besides, everyone knows Sirius is insane.

'I bet you can't beat me in a race,' Draco says instead, and jumps to his feet, determined to get to the best broom before Theodore.

He puts the conversation out of his mind, and it's not until his Hogwarts letter arrives that he thinks of it again. He tears open the letter and waves it excitedly at his parents. 'It's here! I'm going to Hogwarts!'

Draco's mother smiles proudly, and even his father curls his lips briefly before saying repressively, 'That's enough, Draco.'

Draco remembers himself and calms down, studying the shining green script of the letter.

'I suppose you're right that it's politic to send him to Hogwarts,'