She feels sixteen again, the shy smalltown girl who'd found it weird to hear him call soda 'pop'. "I work - I've been working for the Chicago Tribune."

"But not any more?" Dean asks, always quick to hit on the things she doesn't say.

"I've been thinking of a change," she explains. "Going freelance, maybe."

He nods, thoughtful, then suddenly and unexpectedly engulfs her in a hug. "It's really good to see you, Rory."

"You too," she says when he's released her, and it really, really is. She feels five years worth of news and questions bubbling up inside her, but she can't find a place to start, just stands there awkwardly.

"So, this is Rory?" the stall owner - Cassie - says finally. She rolls her eyes at Dean when he still makes no move to introduce her, and holds out her hand to Rory. "I'm Cassie."

"Sorry, Cassie." Dean gives her a quick hug, pressing a kiss to her cheek. "I was just so surprised to see Rory. You mind if the two of us take off for a while?"

He turns to Rory. "Do you have time? It would be good to catch up."

She mumbles her assent, and Dean grins, wicked glint in his eye. "I can show you a good place for round cakes."

Rory ends up with a square cake, actually - a slab of shortbread with thick caramel oozing out from under the hard chocolate topping. Dean gets a doughnut, raspberry jelly spurting out from its heart when he takes a bite. Dean looks pretty much the same - broader, now, finally grown into his lanky frame, and subtly different in a way that reminds her of all the ways she's changed in the last five years, but still recognisably the same boy she knew.

"So," he asks, wiping a smudge of jelly off his lip with his thumb. "What have you been doing? I heard about the campaign trail job, but I kind of lost track after that."

"I got a job in Washington after that -" she begins, and then checks herself. "No, wait, tell me about you. I never even heard you'd left Stars Hollow."

"Yeah, I got a scholarship out of community college." Dean ducks his head, looking pleased and embarrassed at the same time. "Landscape architecture. And then there was a job here, so... It's all gone pretty well."

"Dean!" Rory flings her arms around him, forgetting her awkwardness in her surprise and pleasure. "That's great!"

He smells the same, spicy boy-scent of him discernible now in the warm cafe, and it's hard to pull away, but there's only so long she can hold on before it becomes weird.

"What else is happening with you?" she forces herself to ask.

"Not much, really." Dean deposits the last bite of his doughnut on her plate and breaks off a piece of her shortbread. "My contract here's nearly up, and they've offered me another one, but... I'm not sure."

Rory waits, readying herself to hear about his wife, his kids, how the school system's better some other place.

"I'd like to work on some different kinds of projects," he says instead. "I love it here, but the city's the main customer for the firm I'm working for. I've been thinking about going someplace I can take on some more personal projects, maybe starting my own business. It's kind of scary, but now's the time, while I'm still young and I've only got myself to worry about."

Rory lets out a breath she didn't know she was holding. If there was  a wife and kids, he'd have mentioned them by now. "I know what you mean," she agrees.

"Yeah?" Dean leans back in his chair, and Rory's eyes follow the line of his torso, narrowing down to those long legs.

She jerks her gaze back to his face. "Sorry, what?"

"I was asking why you're going freelance." If Dean noticed her looking, his face gives no sign of it. "I thought you'd be a staffer on CNN by now."

"I want to try something different," she says. She doesn't know where to start with explaining her career and the way it's taken a completely different shape to the one she expected. Mitchum Huntsberger had been wrong when he'd said she didn't have what it took to be a journalist - Rory's good at her job - but maybe he hadn't been completely wrong. Because working as a staffer on a newspaper, or even television journalism... it doesn't give her much room for the kinds of stories she wants to tell