soothing, and then his hand slips down further, fingers teasing at the elastic of her panties. He pushes them down, presses kisses to her neck and the side of her face as he breathes into her ear, 'So beautiful, baby, let us see you, let me show him.'

Her panties fall to the floor and Sandy steps out of them, gives a little shimmy away from Jared so that she can kick the wisp of lace clear. Her gaze falls on Jared's feet and she laughs out loud as she sees that he's still wearing his socks, one toe poking through at the side where he always rubs a hole.

'That's our boy,' says Jensen from behind her, laughter in his voice. She glances back to meet his eyes and they share a look of amusement, united in their mingled exasperation and fondness for Jared. It's just like any other time they've shared a joke together, and it buoys Sandy up.

'Take them off him,' she instructs. It's meant to sound jokey, but it comes out firm and commanding instead. She's rewarded by Jensen dropping to his knees in front of Jared, lifting each foot carefully to pull the socks off and pressing a kiss to the arch of each foot. Jensen's face is serious and softened, almost worshipful, and he somehow manages to make something as ridiculous as taking socks off into one of the hottest things Sandy's ever seen.

When Jared's hand comes out to rest lightly on Jensen's hair, caressing, it makes Sandy want to keep Jensen there on his knees.

'Touch him.' Her throat is dry, voice thin and breathless. She swallows and tries again. 'I want you to - to suck him.'

Jared groans at her words, and then again, louder and deeper, as Jensen licks a long stripe up his cock and then takes it in his mouth. Sandy watches him work his tongue against the knot of nerves on the underside, lips glistening pink and swollen as Jared rubs up against them. She's always loved sucking Jared's cock, and when Jensen's head dips lower, wringing a whimper from Jared, her mouth waters with the desire to feel it in her own mouth.

She moves to stand behind Jensen instead, wrapping herself around his naked back and biting at his neck so that they're melded together, moving against Jared as one. Sandy works her way down Jensen's back, kissing and nipping at him till there's a trail of marks red across his skin. She pauses when she gets to the base of his spine, brushing her lips lightly against the thin dusting of hair there before slipping her tongue quicksilver swift into the cleft of his ass. She's rewarded by Jensen whimpering around Jared's cock, and an answering moan from Jared as he clutches convulsively at Jensen's hair.

Sandy pulls away, wetness pooling hot between her legs, and makes for the bed. She sinks back against the sheets and runs her hand across her belly, reaching down to dip in the moisture and smear it slick across her clit. Jared has his head thrown back, muscles shifting across his torso as he works his hips, thrusting up against Jensen. Jensen holds him steady, hands curving round to hold his ass tight and open.

Sandy lets out a little cry, because it's just beautiful, and Jared turns his face towards her at the sound. His eyes track the motion of her arm, registering the spread of her legs.

This is familiar, because Jared's always liked to watch, and Sandy brings her fingers up to her lips, lets Jared register the glisten of moisture before she sucks them into her mouth. She sees his eyes flash heat in response, and he thrusts up once, hard, into Jensen's mouth, fingers tightening across his skull. Then he pulls back, cupping Jensen's face with one hand and slipping a thumb into his mouth in order to pull him away from his cock. Jensen whines in protest, looking up at Jared pleadingly, and Jared rubs soothingly across his jaw.

'Look at her,' Jared whispers, low and sexy. 'We're leaving our girl out, Jensen.'

Jensen turns to look, still on his knees at Jared's feet. Something sparks in his eyes when he sees Sandy touching herself. 'Seems to me we're the ones being left out,' he says, voice rough.

Jared laughs and holds out his hand to heave Jensen to his feet. They sway there for a moment, eyes glazed with lust, and then they're both on the bed, hands and mouths on Sandy's body before she can even figure out how it was they got from one stage to the other. It's overwhelming: she can't react, can't do anything except lie there and let herself feel it, Jared's familiar hands sliding over her breasts while Jensen's trail down her belly, smaller and more tentative. Sandy's breath catches