i baked it myself.i'm not surprised. urara-chan is good at many things, aren't you? He dimpled at her, and red spots colored her cheeks before she glared at him and rose from her chair.stop teasing me and eat, hikaru-sensei. i'll refill your tea. She didn't give him a chance to point out that his tea hadn't even been emptied yet before storming out of the magic room.


guess i overdid it again.


Spoilers for ep-22.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

8. ne, ne, ne! houka didn’t imagine it, right? i heard you say it, right?houka-chan— you really did call hikaru-sensei an enemy of women, didn’t you?
Hikaru paused midway through the invisible passage. He didn’t mean to eavesdrop on the conversation, and yet—
He caught his breath, and dared not to move a muscle. This was something he wondered about, himself.
A loud sigh. yes i did. i did! but only because—because… what? ah urara-chan, don’t make me wait! mou!it’s just… it’s because he seems like the type of person who make women everywhere fall for him, but won’t love them in return.
Hikaru frowned. It wasn’t his place to feel infuriated - after all, this conversation was definitely not meant for his ears. And yet, he couldn’t help but wonder where, exactly, did Urara get this horrible idea about him. Was it an impression his teasing left on her?

Regret, he realized, left a bitter taste in his mouth.oh? is that how you see him?i— don’t know. maybe. anyway, it doesn’t really matter why i said it. i was only looking out for you, after all.well… you really don’t need to, you know? i can take care of myself. besides, shouldn’t i be the one looking out for you?houka-chan— so just trust me, all right? especially when i tell you that hikaru-sensei… isn’t the type to hurt anyone - especially women.how can you be so sure?how can you?it’s just— i don’t know. i just have this feeling. or maybe it’s his features, and his built, and just— everything about him. he’s dangerous to women, houka-chan - you need to be careful. well, i happen to think his features and built and just everything about him is like... morning and sunshine! so pure and warm and inviting! what’s his true name again? sungel? it’s very apt, isn’t it? houka-chan! you need to be serious about these things! i am being serious! besides, are you saying that you think someone from magitopia isn’t trustworthy at all? w-well— or maybe you’re saying all those negative things about him because you’re still angry he stole your first kiss. ne, u~ra~ra-chan?
Now disbelief began to take the place of his indignation.First kiss?
Him?of course not! i’m not— it doesn’t count! besides, he was a frog that time, so technically he wasn’t—
Then something - or someone - unceremoniously bumped into his back and shoved him forward until he was standing at the Magic Room, with the two women blinking owlishly at him - as if they didn’t know who or what he was.mou, hikaru-sensei, what were you doing blocking the—hrmdrmhj!!!Hikaru clamped his hand firmly on Kai’s mouth and smiled at both Houka and Urara’s fantastically astonished faces. i wish to start our lesson early today. can either of you go and fetch your brothers?
He wasn’t even surprised to see Urara quickly volunteer to do as he’d asked.

I’ve always found it disappointing that Houka and Urara never did talk about Hikaru, nor did the show address fully the fact that Houka was a bit interested in him herself towards the beginning :c I wanted more magical sister bonding time, goddamnit!

Probably post ep 24 and heavy spoilers for ep 26.

9. His room in the Ozu household wasn't anything grand or big. Hikaru didn't mind; he had no right to. After all, technically he was imposing on them, even if he was teaching them everything he knew in return. He was more than grateful that the siblings were content to share everything they had with him. (they weren't much, truth be told. more than once did he see urara and makito talking in hushed tones, both wearing grim expressions. he knew, even without them telling him anything, that they were talking about their household expenses, and how their income and budget wasn't enough to cover for everything