, turning towards him from her seat in front, and he nodded, not telling her that this  was fine, as long as he had something to anchor him to something solid then it was all right. He’d be all right.
Besides, Hikari reasoned that he could always close his eyes to avoid seeing how high they’d go and just how low they’d descend to. He ignored Kagura’s bubbling excitement and Tokatti’s nervous enthusiasm and thought that this was stupid, that he allowed himself to be dragged into riding this monstrosity, but it wasn’t like Right was going to allow Hikari to miss out on anything and even Mio was against leaving him behind, and oh god they’re moving and it’ll be over soon and it should be over soon— the odds of this train stopping and dropping to the ground without warning should be close to nil and—
"That was fun!" Kagura declared as soon as the ride came into a stop. Hikari opened his eyes and breathed out, slowly willing his stomach to settle and his frazzled nerves to calm down.

They were back on solid ground. Finally.
"Hikari, are you okay?" Tokatti asked him, and he nodded curtly in response; he disliked anyone making a fuss over him and his so-called acrophobia, after all.
"We should do it again!" Right declared, pumping his fist in the air, and Hikari aimed a glare at him, ready to shoot him down—
Then Mio calmly stepped between them and smoothly said, “Why don’t we try the other rides first and if we still have time, we’ll try this one again?”
Hikari glanced at her, and she grinned at him, her eyes bright.
"...All right," Right said, knowing what they all did - that it was useless to try to appeal to Mio when she spoke in that tone of hers. “Then I want to try—” his eyes scanned the horizon, then pointed at something— “that one!”
Hikari’s stomach dropped to dizzying depths when he saw just what Right was referring to.
"Oh! That looks awesome, Right!" Kagura said, and together they raced towards the ride, the three trailing after them.
Mio sighed loudly. “They didn’t even ask us if we wanted to ride it.”
Hikari fell into step beside her. “Do you?”
"Well—"
"It’s not that high, is it?" Tokatti asked from behind them.
"No," Mio said, looking up. She smiled wistfully. "I think it looks fun, though."
"Then let’s go." Hikari shoved his hands into his pockets, resolutely striding forward. Might as well get this over and done with.
"Are you sure?" Mio asked, catching up to him.
He shrugged. “We’ll try everything, right? And that ride’s a part of everything.”
It was only after a few minutes that Hikari found out, to his dismay and mounting anger, that the ride lacked the one thing he thought all rides should have in the first place—
"What do you mean,” he fairly snarled to the attendant, “that this doesn’t have any seat belt?”
"Um—"
"Hikari, it’s all right," Mio said, stepping down from the ride she was supposed to share with Kagura and quickly moving towards them when she noticed the ruckus he was starting to make. "Tokatti and I will change places. I’ll ride with you." She smiled placatingly at the panicking attendant and all but shoved Hikari inside the small compartment.
"I can’t believe a seat belt isn’t required for this," he said, standing stock-still at the very middle, knowing that relatively this was a safe space. "Don't they have rules about it?"
"It won’t go as fast or as high as a roller coaster. Besides, we’re not sitting down, are we?" Mio reasoned, moving closer to the edge and peering downwards and Hikari wanted to reach out and tell her to stay beside him where it was safer because what if—
The ride began to ascend, and he did reach out, catching her sleeve instead. He swallowed hard, wondering when it was a good time to close his eyes.
Her smile was so warm and bright as she looked down at the ground beneath them, though, and Hikari chose to keep them open, despite everything.
"Look! Look down there," Mio said, and he did, and his nerves were quick to remind him just how much he loathed heights. But it was impulse that compelled him to do as she asked, to find out what amused her so, and despite not knowing what it was, at least he could say that he tried.

He kept his gaze up, left, right - everywhere but down. Told himself this would be over soon--
The ride descended quietly, much to Hikari’s appreciation. The door swung open and he was only too happy to realize his knees weren't buckling