–



“Let’s do it again,” he said instead, moving his hands up, intending to blindfold himself.



But she was shaking her head, and without warning threw the ball at him. This time, without the blindfold hampering his sight, he was able to catch it. “You’re wasting my time,” she said, not bothering to mince her words. “Call me to train with you only if you’re ready.” And Ritsuka walked away from him, without another word.



Tsubasa glared at her retreating form, silently cursing her for being so good and for knowing and rubbing it in his face that he couldn’t beat her, not yet, not right now–




One day,



 


he thought, making a pact with himself that very moment. I’ll make you see my worth. I’ll make you recognize what I’m capable of.




Just you wait, Ritsuka - I’ll make you realize I’m your equal in every way.






v.





 




tomoko/ryusei




“Ryusei-san, is everything okay?”



“Why did you ask?”



“You haven’t said a word to all the things I’ve–” Tomoko’s eyes widened, and she blinked and seemed flustered for a bit and said, “I haven’t… bored you, have I?” She looked horrified at the thought.



He smiled and shook his head. “Of course not.” Pause. “But I’ve always wondered - would there be any difference if you opted to use fresh insects instead of dried ones in your, er, concoctions?”



Her eyes lit up, and gamely she obliged his request, just as he knew she would.



And while she talked, he silently cursed himself for fooling her.



Because unbeknownst to Tomoko, Ryusei was bound to leave the country tonight.



He didn’t know how long he’d be gone - the instruction manual didn’t say - and he was forbidden to tell anyone, much less her, about it.



It was an unfair clause; one that basically told him he couldn’t say goodbye to anyone, because no one knew what he’d done. No one knew he’d applied for a chance to be trained as an agent for Interpol. No one knew he’d passed with flying colors. 



No one knew that tomorrow, he’d be halfway around the world with absolutely no way of reaching him, and that he only had until tonight to sever his ties from his family and friends for a future only he was aware of.



This was a goddamned test of his resolution and strength of character, but it was one he had no plans of failing, no matter how much he loathed it.



In the past week, he made certain he bade all his friends farewell without being too explicit about his actions, and it had worked perfectly well. He’d fooled them all, made them think he just happened to be around their area and spontaneously thought about dropping by for a visit - a trip to the space center, Yuki-san? JK, about that song you mentioned–? Gentarou, isn’t this the spare part your grandfather wanted? 



But when it came to her, he just couldn’t do it. Couldn’t see Tomoko in person and pretend he was fine, pretend he was going to be around her come next month, next week, tomorrow–




This


 

was a coward’s way out, Ryusei thought, carefully keeping his cool, collected facade for as long as he could. He’d carefully positioned his computer so it was facing the door, not the neatly packed bags beside the bed, and called her. She’d seemed surprised at first - he never called her this way - but didn’t reject his attempt.



He couldn’t say goodbye in person but he had to see her, and this was the best he could do. Ryusei kept his hands on his lap, to keep himself from reaching out and tracing her face on his screen.



She would be devastated, he thought, and it would be his fault, and he wasn’t certain if him not being able to see her pain was going to be a blessing or a curse - or both.



“Tomoko-chan…”



“Hmm?”




Please don’t hate me. I’ll never forget you. I brought your doll with me; you told me he’ll keep an eye on me, right? I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry I can’t stay. I’m sorry I won’t be here tomorrow, but I’ll be back, I promise I’ll be back for you–




“Ryusei-san?”



He smiled. “I have to go.” Quietly, he added: “I’m sorry.”




I’m sorry.






vi.





 




luka/joe




It was an odd thing, she thought. Every time, he would take the chair opposite hers and partake his meal whenever she did. He did so precisely and without fail everyday, and she entertained the notion