her bag over her shoulders - and felt her phone vibrate. She ignored it and stood. "If you've got no news for me now then I guess I'll just see you next month." Her head felt like it was about to explode and the doctor's reluctance to be blunt with her was getting on her very last nerve.  "Wait!" The doctor stood as well. "I do know a specialist in London. If you will allow it, we can send the results to him so that he may--"  "I don't have enough money." Her reply was flat and dead and true - her health insurance wasn't exactly the best in the country, but she supposed she was lucky she even had one.  "Oh." He frowned at that. "Well, there are other options--"  "Yeah. Seeing as I can still stand and speak and, well, breathe, maybe I can swing by for the check-up next month. That's an option right there, I think." She lifted a hand and mock-waved at him. "See ya."  The walk from the doctor's office to the main doors of the hospital seemed to take forever. Cordelia flinched at the fluorescent light that brightened the hallways; she caught sight of her reflection on the shiny elevator and cringed at the dark circles under her eyes and the sallow color of her skin. Fortunately for her, the doors opened at that moment and she was spared from having to stare at the pasty, insomniac-looking version of herself for too long.  Cordelia hopped into her Jeep and breathed. Moving quickly, she popped in a few pills and downed them with water, before resting her head on the steering wheel. Five minutes later, she was driving back to her apartment - and was studiously ignoring her vibrating phone again.  A hot bath was waiting for her when she arrived home. Thanking Dennis profusely, she shed her clothing and soaked in the water until her skin shriveled. She was sleepy by the time the water had turned tepid; still, she braved on and gave herself a good manicure and pedicure, and only slept when the paint on her nails had finally dried.  -  Morning came fast enough. Cordelia checked her reflection in the mirror of her Jeep, making damned sure no dark circles under her eyes were visible before entering the hotel. "Good morning people and a formerly evil bloodsucker with taste in clothes!"  "Cordelia." The vampire lowered the file he was reading and headed towards her, his arms crossed and a dark scowl marring his features. "Why weren't you answering your phone? I called you yesterday."  She rolled her eyes at him before walking to her desk and turning her computer on. "Yeah, like fifty-million times. I think I missed the first forty-nine million, though."  Angel followed and hovered like a black cloud behind her. "Why didn't you answer? Or at least call back? I was worried!"  "Duh!" Because she was sure that he would've known she was at the hospital, what with his vampiric hearing and all. Or - maybe he could even smell the hospital through her phone? "Because there's a no-phone policy at the salon. I've already told you that! Plus, I kinda came home late last night - girl's night out and everything. Sorry?"  He was still unconvinced. "So you just ignored my calls?" As it was possible, his brows drew even closer together. "What if-- what if there was an apocalypse. The world could have ended yesterday! We could have needed your help!"  "Yeah, and a single phone call to me would have averted it. I could have stopped the apocalypse with my gorgeous smile, or even my sharp fashion sense!"  "Well--"  "Oh, stop being so melodramatic, Angel! World didn't end, hotel still standing, we're still alive, yadda yadda yadda. Besides, if you guys needed me so much, then you wouldn't have spaced your calls, and Wesley and Gunn would've tried to reach me with their phones, too. Plus there's always the alternative."  "Alternative."  "Locating me with your nose." She tapped her own and smiled widely at him. "Yucky talent, by the way."  Because he was still frowning, Cordelia placed her hand on his arm and gave it a squeeze. "You were calling because you missed me. Admit it."  The corners of his mouth quirked up. "The hotel was pretty quiet without you around."  "Aww," she said. "See, you just complimented and insulted me at the same time. Go figure."  "I wasn't--"  "Ah, good. You're here."  Cordelia rolled her eyes at Wesley. Before he could speak, she beamed at him and said, "Hey! Wanna see my nails? Janna did a really good job at them yesterday."  Wesley raised a brow at her. "...right. Well, as much as I would