,” says Courfeyrac. “R wouldn’t settle for anything less than tongue.”

“R was also not at all sober,” says Grantaire, dryly. He reaches around Feuilly to take hold of Courfeyrac’s shirt sleeve, and tugs him back towards his spot in the circle. “Your turn.”

Courfeyrac follows his lead with an eye roll. It looks odd, in the dark. “This is sort of boring,” he says.

“I think it’s interesting,” begins Marius, quietly, before Cosette hushes him.

“What would make it more interesting?” she asks.

“Alcohol,” says Eponine and Grantaire, instantly, and Enjolras rolls his eyes.

“What else?” prompts Cosette.

“I don’t think you can have a boring game of Truth or Dare,” says Joly.

“Nonsense,” says Bossuet. “Everything can be boring.”

“Well, that’s fucking depressing,” says Grantaire. “Thank you for that, Bossuet, I’ll be sure to tell all my would-be-law-students you said that next year.”

“So you are going to be an RA next year,” says Eponine, triumphantly. “Give me five.”

Grantaire raises his eyebrows. “I’m nowhere near you,” he says.

“Air five,” says Eponine.

“Boring,” says Courfeyrac.

“I don’t think it’s boring,” argues Enjolras.

“You obviously aren’t thinking straight,” says Courfeyrac. “My kissing skills must have killed off brain cells.”

“Your kissing skills aren’t that great,” points out Bahorel.

“Yeah,” agrees most of the room.

“You’re all awful people,” says Courfeyrac. “I don’t know why I even try with you.”

“Chance,” says Jehan, suddenly, and they all turn to look at him. He gets to his feet to go darting into the hallway, returning with an empty water bottle.

Courfeyrac looks gleeful in the flashlight light. “Yes,” he agrees. “Brilliant, Jehan.”

Jehan rolls his eyes a little, but also preens.

Musichetta does shakes her head at the both of them and leans around to take the bottle and spin.

“Hey,” says Courfeyrac. “You skipped me.”

“Bite me,” says Musichetta, as the bottle stops. “Cosette, truth or dare?”

--

Enjolras isn’t quite sure how, but he manages to make it a full thirty minutes before he gets called on. Courfeyrac takes turns making each of their friends make out with him to pass the time, but when Eponine rolls the bottle and it just barely passes Enjolras for the third time, he groans.

“Dare him to switch spots with Enjolras,” he says. “It’s unfair.”

Grantaire shrugs both of his shoulders at Eponine, who nods.

“You still have to say dare,” grumbles Enjolras, but he switches with Grantaire obligingly.

--

“Oh, um,” says Jehan, startled, when the bottle lands on him several moments later. “Truth?”

There is a collective sigh. “Aw, come on, Prouvaire,” complains Eponine, reaching out to shove at Jehan’s shoulders. “Live a little.”

Jehan holds his head up. “Truth,” he repeats, ignoring how Courfeyrac flops down across Musichetta’s lap with a sigh.

“Um,” says Joly. “How about--”

Bossuet tugs him close to him with a terrifying cackle, but Jehan doesn’t so much as flinch.

“Why--?” Enjolras starts to ask him.

“He’s sitting near Courfeyrac,” explains Jehan.

Courfeyrac has not moved from his place across Musichetta’s lap, but he still manages to convey a sentiment of a dog perking up its ears.

“Ah,” says Enjolras, and nothing more. “Good choice.”

Courfeyrac sits up. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

Combeferre snorts. “Don’t act surprised,” he says.

“No, but, what?” says Courfeyrac. “Last time we played Truth or Dare--”

“Last time we played Truth or Dare you made me skinny dip in your neighbor’s pool,” says Enjolras, into the suddenly very quiet room.

There is a beat.

“Um,” says Enjolras.

“Is there--” begins Bahorel, cautiously, “Is there footage of this?”

There is another beat.

“No,” says Combeferre, finally.

“It was a long time ago and we were in High School,” agrees Courfeyrac, nodding his head.

“There is absolutely no footage of this game,” continues Combeferre, also nodding his head.

Grantaire, Bahorel, and Feuilly all turn to look between Combeferre, Courfeyrac, and Enjolras in unison with wide, amused, eyes.

Combeferre nods some more, for good measure. “None at all.”

“Anyway!” says Enjolras, quickly. “You were saying truth?”

“Okay,” says Joly. “First person that ever made you, you know.” Musichetta makes a truly obscene gesture with her right wrist and Jehan has the decency to color a little.

“I think--” begins Jehan.