He comes awake in one great gasp, head thrown back against the pillows, hands clenching on air and sheets and then too soft hair, to Changmin’s mouth wrapped around his dick, and Changmin’s fingers biting into his hips.

Yunho swallows a moan, vision going spotty, and focuses on breathing more than anything else. The TV is still on, glowing blue black in the dimly lit room because his laptop’s given up and switched itself off. The lamp’s on. Yunho doesn’t remember turning the lights out--Changmin must’ve done it when he got in--turned on the lamp and closed the blinds for bed, probably, because they’re not due for ten hours and he must be exhausted.

Yunho almost feels bad, since he knows Changmin hates sleeping on planes and hates doing shows on no sleep, but mostly Yunho just feels, heart racing, chest heaving, and cock coming for what feels like hours--

--while Changmin just hums and hums and hums, content to swallow it all down with nothing more than a bruising grip along Yunho’s hip bones, nails biting into the sensitive flesh their.

“Imagine my surprise,” he says when he pops off, voice only slightly hoarse, “when I turn on my phone upon landing at Kansai airport to find twenty voicemails from almost every single one of our Korean and Japanese staff, including Sam-san.”

He says the honorific all pretty and Japanese and Yunho goes vaguely breathless despite the orgasm, brain gone to mush and down Changmin’s throat with the rest of him.

Changmin laughs, not unkindly, but Yunho feels his cheeks burn anyway. “Now that was quite a voicemail.”

Yunho suddenly can’t look him in the eyes, horrified. He told them not to call him.

He remembers that night, years ago, when a much younger Changmin looked him in the eye and told him in hushed tones how he didn’t want to be someone’s reflection so much as their other half, and how he was so scared that he was going to be a beta and end up alone. Yunho’d looked right back at him, heart racing, wrapped him up in a too tight hug, told him everything would be fine and of course he wouldn’t end up alone, and very quietly started ignoring the text messages his mother kept sending him and the doctor’s appointments he wasn’t supposed to be missing.

And then their world blew to shit in 2009, and things kind of got swept under the rug.

Yunho bites his lip.

“Hyung?” Changmin sounds concerned, and Yunho looks at him before he can help himself.

Changmin’s brows pull together, and he looks almost cowed and incredibly gentle when he taps Yunho on the hip again. “Budge over.”

Yunho goes, fully aware that this is nothing like heats are supposed to be, but feeling a little bit lost and fragile, and then angry at himself for feeling this way because he is never a stereotype, not even a little.

Changmin cuddles him, curling himself around Yunho’s bulkier frame and burying his face in Yunho’s neck like an overgrown kitten. He feels more solid than before, new muscles in his arms and new hair growing on his upper lip, but he looks at Yunho the same, if not with slightly more apprehension and bemused affection.

Yunho remembers suddenly that he’s not the only one who’s never done this before; that he’s not the only one who’s just gotten mated to the world’s busiest and most wanted man.

His eyes feel wet.

Changmin doesn’t say anything.

Yunho’s almost content to stay like that, but his dick says otherwise. There’d been some relief after the blowjob, because his body knew it was Changmin and knew that that meant fucking and biting and knotting, but his body’s also too new to heat to be fine with just one orgasm, which they found out in April during the first one anyway, so Changmin just sighs a little, obviously a tired, but let’s Yunho grind back against his dick again anyway.

Yunho stills. “Oh,” he says. “You’re hard.”

Changmin’s definitely rolling his eyes. “Yunho-hyung,” he says. “You’re in heat.”

Yunho flushes despite himself, glad they’re back to front so he doesn’t have to try to meet Changmin’s eyes. “Yeah, well,” he says.

Changmin hides a grin in the back of Yunho’s neck, and then, after a moment, presses a tiny kiss to the skin there.

Yunho goes from flickering flames to roaring fire in three seconds flat. “Changdol,” he gasps out.

Changmin growls in return, one hand snaking down Yunho’s chest to circle his cock, barely there pressure that has Yunho fucking his hips forward without thinking.

“Changdol,” he tries again.

Changmin kisses him on the neck again, and then on the shoulder, and then lets go of Yunho’s dick so that