minutes later and Yunho has successfully managed to figure out that if he pets Changmin’s butt just so his boyfriend-turned-cat can’t help but sprawl across his chest and purr like a rocket. He keeps one hand on that spot, heart pounding, as he waits for Kyuhyun and Heechul to stop laughing long enough to go get Teukie-hyung. Because obviously the two of them are no help at all.

“Meow,” says Changmin, sounding sad despite all the purring and sprawling, and Yunho’s heart thumps.

“Hyung,” he whines into the phone. “I can’t turn him back.”

Part of him is actually worried, because what if the stone is broken--or what if there’s a limit on the number of wishes. Yunho is trying not to think about it, but usually it’s like three wishes, and he’s already used those three up, which is more than a little terrifying. Yunho loves Changmin unconditionally and would smuggle him back into Korea without thinking, but he’d actually like to have a career and a boyfriend sometime in the future. Instead of a kitten.

“Yah, Yunrobong it’ll be fine,” says Heechul, once he manages to stop laughing. “Just think about his dick or something--”

“Hyung!” Yunho says, cheeks suddenly flaming.

“--because I know you’re into kinky shit, dongsaeng, but that’s way too far--”

“Hyung!” Changmin meow-says, because Yunho doesn’t have to know him to know that’s exactly what he means.

That seems to set Heechul off even more, and Yunho can hear Kyuhyun in the back cackling about how adorable Changmin sounds.

Yunho makes an executive decision and hangs up the phone.

“Meow,” says Changmin, pleased.

Yunho raises his thumb up in his general direction and drapes an arm across his eyes.

--

“Okay you can’t stay a cat,” Yunho decides, once he’s actually gotten up, showered, and put on decent clothes. He’d debated taking Changmin with him, but one look at Changmin’s claws, and Changmin’s unimpressed face, and he’d decided to leave Changmin alone to deal with cleaning. If he wanted to lick himself clean and hack up more hairballs--fair play to him.

Changmin lifts his head up from where he’d fluffed up on Yunho’s pillow and cracks open one eye.

Yunho gives his hair one last dry before letting the towel drop onto the floor. “So I’m going to take this pebble.” He grabs the pebble from where he left it on Changmin’s desk. “And we’re going to sit here and fix this.”

Changmin keep staring at Yunho with dead eyes.

Yunho remembers that cats have crazy peripheral vision or something, and very quickly bends down to pick up the towel.

He smiles a little awkwardly, heart warm. “Anyway.” He sets the towel down on Changmin’s desk, which in the grand scheme of things isn’t that great--he should really go hang it on the towel rack--but given that Changmin really can’t nag him at present, Yunho thinks he can get away with it.

Changmin continues to stare at him with dead eyes.

Yunho isn’t sweating at all. His forehead’s just damp from the shower. “We’re going to fix this,” he says. “In one try.”

Changmin looks unimpressed, but he leans in to touch his head to Yunho’s hand anyway.

Yunho tightens his fingers around the pebble, pets Changmin’s forehead, and closes his eyes. Mostly for show, but also in hopes that this will work.

Nothing happens.

“Meow,” complains Changmin.

Yunho has to work very hard not to laugh. “Okay now,” he says, and this time he means it.

Or....not really.

“This time,” he tells Changmin, and then, when Changmin tries to bite him, “no I promise. Look. I’ll even think about your abs or something, cause animals don’t have abs, accept for turtles, which, ha, imagine if you were a turtle.” He’s kidding, mostly, but also, not really, but then Changmin is actually a turtle.

Yunho thinks, wow, this pebble sure is attuned to my every thought but then gets distracted by how very green Changmin is. All mottled and slightly reflective and definitely worthy of the second half of his name.

“Aw, Changmin,” he says, because what an opportunity, “You really are a stone resembling jade.”

Changmin tries to take Yunho’s fingers off with his non existent turtle teeth.

--

Yunho is dying.

He’d had to leave the room more than a few times, but once he got himself back together he ended up venturing back in a few times to make sure Changmin hadn’t died. Changmin hadn’t died any of those first three times. Of course, Changmin also hadn’t managed to cover more than about three