chest.

Changmin drops his hand down from the tag, whirls them both back around, and then drops his chin onto Yunho’s shoulder. Both his hands come around this time, one on top of the other, and Yunho stares into the mirror with his heart going a mile a minute.

“It’s horrendous,” Changmin repeats, eyes caught on the slope of Yunho’s throat. It’s like he can already tell that the thing’s a size too big, and if Yunho didn’t have another shirt underneath, it would leave out almost all of his collarbones. It’s like he can tell that the thing is giving Yunho…paws. “It’s fashionable, though,” Changmin continues, giving Yunho a slight squeeze. “Buy it anyway.”

Yunho swallows, throat bobbing. In the mirror, he looks caught, eyes wide, blown, and unable to look away from Changmin’s own, dark, glittering, and utterly enraptured by the sliver of Yunho’s neck.

Their staff is outside.

Their staff and a cameraman.

Yunho wants to kiss Changmin--

“Yunho-yah,” Kyungjae-hyung interrupts sounding done. “Changmin-ah. We are on a schedule.”

Changmin releases Yunho instantly, expression sour for all of three seconds, before emerging from the dressing room with a flourish. “He’s buying it,” he decides, and reaches back to tug the curtain aside so that Yunho can come out, still wrapped up in the sweater.

“It’s…horrendous,” one of the stylist-noonas says, already salivating a little.

Yunho thinks she’s the one who put them in four different half glittering suits the entirety of October and a week of November.

“It’s YSL,” Changmin says, and that’s the end of it.

--

“You have…half an hour,” Kyungjae-hyung says, and frowns a little. “We’re going boating tomorrow.” His lips pull to one side. “They want you sleeveless.”

Changmin’s ears flame. “For the last time, that was entirely by accident--and entirely Yunho-hyung’s fault--”

Yunho drops a hand overtop Changmin’s mouth with a smile. “Thank you, Hyung,” he says.

Changmin chews on his palm, unrepentant, and then goes still and pink when Yunho steps in close and says, none too quietly, “Stop that. This is what got us into that in the first place.”

Changmin looks like he really wants to say something about how it really wasn’t his fault, given that Yunho was the one who had decided that what they really should do in the ten minutes they had after Inkigayo was fuck in a broom closet, and it was Yunho who had failed to provide Changmin with any sort of things to hold onto or bite onto when in the throes of an utterly unfair and mindblowing orgasm, and it was Yunho who had, at the same time, decided to answer his phone when Kyungjae-hyung wanted to know where the fuck they were.

Which.

To be fair, it probably was Yunho’s fault that Changmin had mauled his forearm, and the fact that it meant they both had to be in long sleeves for a few music programs and performances was fine, because it was winter.

Kyungjae-hyung still hasn’t let it go, however.

Yunho thinks they should give Kyungjae-hyung a raise.

“Fire him,” Changmin says, as soon as their manager has left and it’s just the two of them in their Milan hotel room. “Give him to the new group--what are they called? Angel Food Cake?”

“Red Velvet,” Yunho corrects, shaking his head. He yawns, and hides it behind his hand.

“We are not fucking,” Changmin continues, even as he goes for the buttons on his dress shirt and shoves Yunho down onto the bed. “We only have half an hour.”

Yunho watches him with half lidded eyes, content to watch as Changmin strips his way out of the first shirt, and is left in the undershirt, nipples pebbled up against the thin fabric.

Changmin swallows, caught.

Yunho lets his eyes dip lower.

“Fuck,” Changmin swears, getting a knee over the bed and shoving into Yunho’s lap. He’s crueler to the buttons on Yunho’s shirt, but no less diligent. “Fuck, fine.”

Yunho lets his hands settle on Changmin’s hips, tugs him in close, and kisses him.

“Twenty minutes,” Changmin sighs out.

They’re late.

--

Yunho buys a painting on the way home. He wears designer shoes that lace up and down his ankles, partly because they’re comfortable, but mostly because when Changmin sees them he makes a sore face of disapproval. He can’t say anything, though, since Yunho bought him wine.

“I should wear these more often,” Yunho tells him rather pleasantly, in the middle of Incheon airport waiting for their luggage.

Changmin has filming immediately after, and no doubt will go rushing off