unable to take his eyes off of Yunho’s dick. The briefs are… brief, and there really isn’t anything much left to the imagination. Yunho bends a knee and his thigh muscles flex. Changmin’s jaw sets, because, well, the entire nation plus internet got quite the eyeful of that same thigh plus underwear plus dick, and that is just.

Not okay.

That’s Changmin’s.

(With Yunho’s permission, of course.)

Changmin brings his eyes back up to Yunho’s face in time for the man to smirk a little and shrug his shoulders. His chest jiggles.

Changmin’s thinking brain decides to take a vacation. He’s feeling a little parched. “I just exfoliated,” he blurts, like a broken record.

“That’s nice,” Yunho says.

Changmin manages to get his eyes above the man’s waistline. “I,” he says. “You.”

“Me,” Yunho repeats. “You.”

“I just exfoliated,” Changmin repeats, coming back to the fact that he can’t see himself escaping this night sweat free, and thus, his clear idol perfect skin is ruined.

“That wasn’t very smart of you, Changdol,” says Yunho, the asshole, and lets go of his hips.

He places both of his hands on the bed at his sides.

Changmin stares at them, considering. “Oh?” he says. He’s starting to get an idea.

Yunho just stares up at him, eyes completely trusting. He’s still all done up--lids painted peach and lashline darkened with khol.

Changmin licks his lips.

Yunho’s mouth curves.

Changmin sets his shoulders back. “Hyung.” He drops his tone, considering. “Yunho.”

Yunho’s pupils blow out a little, and his head dips a little.

Changmin feels something in his chest smart--he’s earned the right to informality ages ago; fuck, Yunho. He lets it go, gives himself a moment to close his eyes, before reaching for the knot of his towel with a half-lidded glance.

Yunho watches him, entranced and oh so willing. His head tips back a little, baring his throat.

The show of trust goes through Changmin like a whip-crack, straightening his spine and making him dizzy with it. He lets the towel drop to the floor, doesn’t even think twice about the mess he’s making; he’s about to make an even bigger mess, after all, and also it’s not even his apartment anyway.

Yunho follows him with his eyes, breath quickening, as Changmin sets a knee on the bed.

“Yunho,” he says again.

Yunho’s lips part. “Changmin,” he replies.

Changmin’s nostrils flare. “You were very bad today.” And then he stops, brows pulling together and nose scrunching up. “What the fuck?” he says.

Yunho holds it together for a few seconds, but then he’s laughing, sitting up from his sprawl and reaching out so that he can drag Changmin into his lap in between giggles. Changmin ends up sprawled naked across his lap, ass plopped down across those unfairly muscled thighs, cock going half hard and sliding along the lines of Yunho’s abs.

“Shut up,” he tells Yunho, ears pink. “Just. Shut up.”

“But Changdol.” Yunho reaches out to tweak an ear or two. “I was such a bad boy today.”

“Yeah, okay, I’m tired--shut up,” snaps Changmin, embarrassed. “I was feeling out the mood.”

“And the mood was saying corny one liners and a hard flogging, was it?” says Yunho, and he says it all in a rush and with such aplomb that Changmin actually worries for his own sanity. Because instead of sending him screaming to the hills, it’s making him love the man even more.

“What the fuck?” he says again.

Yunho just cuddles him more solidly against his massive chest and giggles right up against Changmin’s temple. “You’re the best, Changdol,” he says. “Please don’t change.”

Changmin feel the amusement filter out of the room like a balloon pop. “Only if you promise not to also,” he says. “And that we’ll do this till they’re sick of us.”

“Deal,” Yunho says, sealing their hands together between them. “Promise.”

Changmin presses a kiss to the bit of face near his lips. “Good,” he says, and gives Yunho a quick squeeze. Then he shoves him away gently. “Yah. Hyung. The military was awful for us.”

Yunho frowns at him. “You loved the military,” he protests.

“You loved the military,” Changmin corrects. “But you do realize this is the first time we’ve fucked properly since you’ve discharged, right?”

Yunho blinks at him. “Changmin, technically we haven’t fucked--”

Changmin grinds his ass down against the man’