course, unfortunately, that same night Changmin decided to shower right when Yunho was in the bathroom taking a piss, so he came out to a text from Minho that read, ‘Yunho-hyung. Guess who’s getting in the shower?’ and two very amused and gleeful best friends.

And then Yunho had had to show them the other texts (from several other times during the week when Yunho was nowhere near the goddamn dorm and not at all going to rush home to pull the fire alarm, honestly, what was Minho’s problem). Unfortunately for Yunho, all of those texts featured Minho’s less than stellar codenames, the highlight of course being the aforementioned dick joke.

This morning Yunho hadn’t had time to do more than leg it across town to class and he wouldn’t put it past Donghae to have foregone literature appreciation and just drawn a dick somewhere on him.

“Minho-yah?” Yunho says, taking his hand back and rubbing nervously at his face. It was fine when he checked it in his phone camera two minutes ago.

“Nothing,” Minho says finally, smiling unconvincingly. “See you later.” He gives Yunho a mild bow, and then hurries across campus with his bag over one shoulder.

Yunho watches him go with his eyes narrowed.

--

One incredibly successful fire drill later (bless Minho), Yunho stumbles home from hapkido practice at 11PM exhausted, sweating, and rank. He walks into the building, trundles over to the front desk, smiles for the poor student tasked with desk duty, swipes his ID, and then heads for the elevator. It takes him three tries to get it to arrive.

The student on desk duty doesn’t even look up from her calculus homework, but Yunho gets it. She’s the night shift, and no doubt the night shift is the worst shift.

It feels like the elevator is moving at the speed of molasses, which is good for Yunho’s image, definitely, since it gives him plenty of time to stop nearly falling over dead on his feet, but also means that by the time he makes his way to the 12th floor, Yunho is basically dead walking anyway.

He unlocks his room with his eyes half closed, stumbles his way out of his shoes and clothes, and then staggers into his bathroom for a quick rinse off under the spray.

Halfway through his shampoo and conditioning routine, Yunho has maybe started in on the latest Girl’s Day song--and he’s doing the thing justice, might he add--when the fire alarm goes off.

It takes Yunho’s exhausted brain about three notes and suspender twirls before he realizes that’s what that noise is.

And then he groans, well and truly tired, and curses the fact that he can’t do more than dip his head upside down and count to ten. If he’s lucky, that’ll have washed out almost all of the suds; if he’s not, he’ll get to gather outside covered in shampoo.

Yunho’s never been very lucky. Turns out, he’s not about to start now.

He runs into Minho on his way down the stairs after the ten people who were still in their rooms on Floor 12.

“Yunho-hyung!” Minho says, and then, bites his lip. “Shit, fuck.”

Yunho would tilt his head at him, but he’s currently trying to keep from losing an eye to shampoo. He’d also had the foresight to say fuck it and pull on boxers before leaving the room this time, so he’s less concerned about the towel falling down and able to have his hands free.

Minho’s eyes glide around Yunho’s collar bones and shoulders. “Fuck,” he says. “Listen, it wasn’t on purpose, or anything, I swear.”

Yunho is starting to have a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach.

“I have no idea who he bribed on your floor, though,” Minho hurries to finish, before Shim Changmin comes charging out into the stairwell looking gleeful.

“Yunho-hyung,” he says politely.

Yunho’s eyes narrow. A clump of shampoo suds decides then and there to fall down his temple and land pointedly on one of Yunho’s bare feet.

The students behind them in the stairwell shift nervously, and Yunho starts walking again.

“Nice look.” And Changmin has the audacity to smirk.

Oh, it’s on.

--

“Is this…a mating dance?” says Boa, with only mild concern.

Yunho ignores her, fumbling around under his bed in search of his slippers. Minho’s got practice for some fucking ball sport tonight, which he’d only thought of to tell Yunho the moment before he was due to the athletic fields. This means Yunho has two options: forgo his and Changmin’s war and risk losing face, or sneak downstairs and wait outside Changmin’s door for the first sounds of running water.

Yunho finds the slippers, punches the air, and goes for his ID and wallet. And phone