years, setting up the bed next to Combeferre’s. “Did you say Cosette?”

“Yes,” says Enjolras, hesitantly.

“Cosette Fauchelevent?” says the student, sounding breathless. “Did you see her scar?”

Enjolras opens his mouth to snap back, but is halted by Combeferre’s hand on his back.

“Yes,” he says, to the point. “It’s not like she hides it.”

“Oh, I know, I--” says the student.

“It’s okay,” says Combeferre, not unkindly, but in a way that leaves no room for further debate.

The other boy finishes putting his trunk down at the base of his bed and disappears out of the room in a rush.

“Wow,” says Feuilly, coming into the room with Musichetta in tow. “Remind me never to get on your bad side.”

“How did you even get in here?” says Enjolras, ignoring him, to Musichetta.

The girl raises both her hands and eyebrows. “What do you mean?”

“I’m relatively certain there are spells to prevent that--” begins Enjolras.

“Not for the girls,” says Combeferre. “Just the boys.”

“That doesn’t seem fair,” says Enjolras, watching Musichetta settle onto his bed.

“Life isn’t fair,” she says, brightly, pulling out a deck of cards. “Now who here knows how to play exploding snap?”

 

 

So this is a Hogwarts AU. Updates on this will be crazy as I am a crazy and am doing all 7 years.

Come say hi on tumblr.

Sorry for the time lapse…as I said, this is a really intense project and also I’m back at school! SHOUT OUT TO THE BEST ROOMMATES EVER YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE. But seriously, I’m really enjoying this verse; fake schedules of hell aside. (I now have 3 years worth of fake schedules so…)

Enjoy!

Betaed by Murf and Marta as always, all other mistakes are my own.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


First Year - 2


--

Classes don’t start till nine the next morning, so when Enjolras hears the sounds of his fellow housemates moving around the room, he simply rolls over with the intention of going back to sleep. He thinks he hears the sounds of Combeferre getting out of the bed next to his, but most of that is lost in the beautiful, and lovely lure of sleep; he takes a deep breath, lets it out, and burrows further into the covers.

He has absolutely no warning, therefore, before the door the dorm comes shattering open and none other than Marius Pontmercy (Enjolras remembers the last name pointedly from the sorting the other night) is saying, “I really don’t think we should be here--”

“Live a little, Pontmercy,” interjects Courfeyrac. He’s whispering, at least, but seeing as he’s currently inside Enjolras’ dormitory being loud and dramatic at an ungodly hour, it’s sort of a moot point.

“No, but, did you hear the knocker? It sounded really disapproving,” continues Marius. He’s whispering as well, but in a way that suggests he actually cares. Enjolras really should make a point of getting to know Marius better in the coming years, as he is obviously a far better choice friend than Courfeyrac.

“It’s a knocker,” says Courfeyrac, not at all fazed. “It therefore cannot sound disapproving, Marius. Honestly.”

Enjolras finds himself very vindictively wishing that Courfeyrac would trip over the trunk at the foot of his bed.

“No, but,” says Marius, and then there’s a terrible thudding noise.

Enjolras considers rolling over if only to thank the heavens, since it sounds very much like his wishes have come true and Courfeyrac has indeed tripped over the trunk at the foot of his bed.

To be safe, he says, “Did you just trip over the trunk at the foot of my bed?”

There is a short pause. “It lives,” says Combeferre, finally. “Yay.”

And then Courfeyrac starts cursing.

Enjolras thinks that it’s actually impressive how many swears the other boy manages to get into the span of thirty seconds. But then he sighs, and starts mourning for the loss of his sleep.

When Courfeyrac finishes, Enjolras has rolled over onto his back and is staring up hanging blue curtains of his bed counting backwards from ten very slowly. When the room goes quiet, he pauses, lets out a deep breath, and closes his eyes.

“Thank you for that, Courfeyrac,” says Combeferre, dryly, into the silence. “I’m sure if anyone in our dorm was still sleeping, they are now awake.”

“I’m not,” Enjolras points out, not opening his eyes. “I’m dreaming. Go away.”

The curtains come open with a great whoosh and suddenly there is sunlight everywhere.

“Rise and shine, Enjolras!” crows Courfeyrac, the bastard. “It’s breakfast time!”

Enjolras rolls over in vain, chasing sleep