passive struggles, I simply let him be. While I couldn’t make out his words, I found myself listening to his tones, the mood in his expressions as he kept speaking and the way he carried himself leaning on the wall – and this was a completely new side of him I was finding myself witnessing. There was no doubt that he had dropped all pretenses, even though I would never be certain what truths he were telling me. I warranted that he was simply being honest about something else, but not necessarily the things he’s always been hiding. It was an astounding sight to watch him speak and be animated like that, and for once I found myself enjoying listening to him, even finding that I was acting accordingly based on his mannerisms. If he narrowed his eyes and hissed at me, I growled back at him. If he flashed a grin, I smirked. It was then I wondered if this was the few times I would witness him like this – because for all I know, he would return to his methods of deceit anytime. I had a sudden desire for him to stay like this always.

But just then, his voice dropped dramatically and his eyes cast down as his words whittled down. I sharply looked at him, wondering what on earth he had said that made him so depressed. He caught my eyes at the same time. Then he laughed. A laugh I equally detested as much as his abysmal smiles and deceitful words like all the other times. Any notions that I would keep seeing him like this in his true self immediately backfired out of my head all because of that fucking laugh. I hated that. I wanted to brush away that laughter and tell him to not laugh, that I preferred it if he didn’t laugh when he didn’t need to just like with those unnecessary smiles. And words. I scowled, standing up angrily and tossed the empty bottle aside, and did the only thing I could do.

I grabbed him.

“Stop it!” I yelled at him, shaking him by his collar unnervingly. “I thought you wouldn’t be an ass anymore.” My head was spinning with rage. “But I guess I was fucking wrong!”

He looked at me, so startled at my outburst. Well he should be, and even though I probably made no sense whatsoever to him, I kept finding myself wanting to scream at him to stop all of those facades because I wanted to like him so badly. But instead of yelling back at me as I narrowly hoped he would, the moron laughed again. My hand gripped his shirt along the neckline even tighter, anger and frustration flaring even more.

So much that I kissed him ferociously, nearly knocking the wind out of him.

I didn’t know where the hell I was going, but I couldn’t stop myself anymore. I wanted this. I needed this. I was furious, at him for laughing, at me for believing I could finally always see the real him. Refusing to let go, I pinned him hard to the ground and kept my mouth clamped down on his firmly, leaving him the slightest of room to still breathe in between the furious kisses. I could feel the heat emanating from our bodies pressed so firmly against each other. 

When I get angry, I lash out. But this was a different battlefield and I intended not to surrender at all to him and his whims. I was aware that my rage could get the best of me, that far often my rage meant completely something else. But now the rage that was coursing through me and my sudden lust could only mean that I was falling for this damn idiot. And I had no idea when it happened or how it happened or evenwhy I felt like this. All I know for sure was that I simply was. I still wanted him to be always true to himself and to stop being so reckless about his life, along with everything else that got on my nerves. And now he was resisting me; for gods sake the only time he was trying to fight back was now. Yet I would not yield to him – I refused to. So I growled back and nipped at the base of his neck.

He stopped. 

And I didn’t stop there.

After slicking on oil in the appropriate areas and hastily working around him, I started pushing inside of him and forced my mouth on his again to quell him from yelling, lest other men would hear us – as well as to distract him from the momentary pain. As I kept going on, words kept coming into my head and even though they seemed pointless, insignificant to one who could not even understand me right now, I raised my mouth over to his ear and kept telling him over and over: “I hope you trust me”; “I’ll never stop…caring…” ; “I never meant to hurt you”; and… “Fuck, you’re growing on me!” And so I kept hounding those into his ear until I came at last, until I let go and we stood there in silence in the dark