, who knows? Fact is, he just whistled. “Just like that?”

The music is pulsing in the background and it’s not helping with my growing headache. Headache from five shots of gold rum or headache from going into this damn subject matter, I have no idea. “Nah, more like with a note that said some shit about not wanting to risk harming me and the others. Thinking the Mafia will leave us alone if partner’s out. Such an idiot, I know innocence when there’s one.”

It’s funny, one would think I would start bawling at this moment, but it takes a lot for me to even shed some tears. But I feel a bit fine now after having some good shots, talking to him about her. “So…I’m still on the hunt to find said idiot,” I finish at last. He doesn’t say anything.

“So then,” I resume, letting go of the shot glass in my hand and still going at it squeezing my fist open and close, “what about this ‘idiot’ in your group?”

I don’t even have to look at him in his eyes, let alone just look at him. I can just tell that this is something he won’t be perfectly willing to just talk about from the get go. Hell to that. If I just drop the bomb about my missing partner (not lover, maybe once lover, but not lover now) he should do the same. 

“Fine,” he says so sharply. “It used to be that the idiot was the only one I was highly looking out for. Now hell has broken loose for the rest, but that idiot is still an idiot out of them all.” He’s still touching his left wrist, and I think he’s been doing that even more without hiding the fact he’s doing that ever since we started this bottle of gold rum.

“What you said about yours fleeing because of not wanting to hurt you and the others you live with. You could say it’s the same for the one I’m…close with.”

“Hold it there,” I interrupt. Close, he said close. I think I’m getting it. He pretty much cares for (love, I have no freaking idea, but caring is still strong enough) this person. “You said ‘close. But you seemed hesitant about it.”

There’s silence, and maybe it’s just my overextended imagination, but I hear a light choke coming from his throat before he forces it down. For once this night, I am patient and let him be, let him gain is composure as he needs be. Not because I completely understand the pain of talking about a particular idiot…or perhaps it is because of that. 

“Because it’s something I know the idiot wants to avoid – being close,” he finally answers, letting me sufficiently know that he feels close, wants to be close to that person, but his said idiot doesn’t want to.

“But not a runaway, I’m guessing?” I ask, instantly feeling the bitterness of my wounds leaking into the question.

He shakes his head, but then sourly adds, “Emotionally though. Making all efforts to put up a distance with a huge wall, if you can call it that.”

“Well, that’s just as awful as my situation then!” I boldly declare. “And you’ve been trying to deal with it, to even nudge otherwise?”

His hand flinches and once again he’s going back to that goddamn scar that’s now irritating me so much, even though the poor man can’t help it, really.   

“Yeah.” But then something is ticking him off. I can feel it, am more aware of these in my current state of mind. “Fuck,” he blurts out, “no, I… I didn’t ask for any of this, even though I chose to. What the hell am I thinking?!”

I don’t know why, but I’m feeling hurt. I can feel his pain so well, so vividly and tangibly. And I know why, because his pain is what I’m feeling too and it fucking hurts so much. He’s so angry, and I know how that feels, to be angry and frustrated and not wanting to feel helpless at all but when in cold reality you are helpless.

“I think we should leave,” I suggest, rationality still there in my head and fighting to get away from the urge to round up more shots in order to avoid any of us getting considerably worse. 

He doesn’t say anything else, so I assume he will not fight back. I then quickly hail over a bartender and he fires up a tab for me, which I state will be under me. My drinking companion seems to understand, for when I go over to him to get him up as well, he doesn’t hold back at all. Sure, maybe I stumble