Kurogane had become too aroused, begrudgingly faster than any other time previously. Adding to his burning shame was the awareness that his pants were rather too tight at the moment. He wished nothing more to leave this bed, to leave this man and room to finish off on his own in privacy with what was left of any dignity he thought he could possibly have left. Yet as if everything in the last four hours or so had indicated, nothing was going out the way he wanted it to be for, sure enough, the man must have been reading his mind when Kurogane witnessed in horror as he went to undo his belt.

“Someone here is very hard already,” the man teased, causing Kurogane to blush furiously.

“Don’t you dare –” he started to say, but his words were immediately drowned when the blond man went down on him.

He could feel his heart pounding and blood flowing away from his head as the seductive stranger commenced on sucking, ministering his tongue along the way and quickly inching his wet and warm mouth further and further (did he have no gag reflex?) until Kurogane forced his hand on the sheet and barely suppressed from moaning loudly. 

“I – ngggh – said stop it – hurggggh – already.”

“Stop being so uptight,” the man said at last, after pulling away. “Besides” – he swept his fingers, partially wet with pre-cum, and sucked on them, much to Kurogane’s aghast expression – “you need to loosen up.”

He started pulling down Kurogane’s pants, pushing himself up with one knee and splayed it on the teacher’s abdomen as his robe shifted to reveal the rest of his inner thighs. Right in front of Kurogane’s eyes he pushed his own fingers inside himself with ease. He bit on his pale lips and moaned loudly, sending unexpected shivers down Kurogane’s spine when at last he repositioned himself right on top of his hard length and mounted.

It was fast and rough, and it felt so strange – but he was so warm and tight and it felt good and Kurogane was even bucking his hips and the man was flushed with his breath so hitched. The man was so loud, sweat perspiring down his sun-silk hair and sticking to his temples, tantalizing tongue darting out of his partially open mouth as he spread his hand inside his robes and started rubbing his nipples, feeling himself and getting harder. The sight of him in pure ecstasy and milk-white skin exposed to all, the smell of sweat, sex, and herbal pine and the warm, burning feeling inside of him flared his belly. No matter how much his mind was spinning from lust and need all eyes were still on the blond as the man took it upon himself with his hands to finish both Kurogane and him off until they lost themselves together.

He then felt it – a pool of warm seed spilling across his stomach. Dazed and submerged in his own beads of sweat, Kurogane caught his breath until blue eyes locked on his once more. He was breathing hard as well, but something in those eyes of his still had that same flicker of mischief from earlier, pulling him in a locked, paralyzed gaze until he felt the man’s lips kissing him again.

Impossible, he thought, kissing back, tongues meeting halfway. Never had he met someone so smooth, so passionate in bed until tonight. Kurogane could feel fatigue wearing on his body – but this man, he was still pursuing. He was still inside him, so tight and warm and needing that Kurogane could feel the man’s pulse quivering. More alarmingly he still felt a small pool of heat burning away below his belly. More, he wanted more.


No, it’s just the alcohol, it’s just the alcohol.


“Dammit,” he said out loud, giving in. In retaliation he pushed the man off and quickly pinned him below, ignoring the startled cries from the others.

He resumed kissing him, deeply, openly, pushing one hand underneath fine, silky hair (so soft, so smooth he barely stopped himself from thrusting harder). His tongue trailed down the thin, smooth neck, kissing roughly in a sensitive spot that caused the blond to moan, pushing, grinding his hips harder, quicker. 

“That’s it,” the man encouraged, digging his fingernails deeper into Kurogane’s forearms, “you got this.”

Kurogane shouldn’t be doing this, shouldn’t be catering in to the man’s debauchery when his full sense of dignity had already been washed down the drain ever since Umi had angrily left him alone at the bar. But he didn’t give a damn – and it was only for one night, with a stranger anyways.

Tonight, he caved in.

His grandparents Shizuka and Kohane were sitting around the table and helping themselves to breakfast when Kurogane returned to the family’s temple the next morning and announced his homecoming. He tried his best to look normal and presentable, as if nothing radical and wild had happened the previous night. In honesty, it was a foolish mistake on his part to drunkenly