he had clapped his hand on your armored shoulder in a similar fashion after you killed that soldier. You thought he was appraising you for your quick reaction in the name of self-defense, but you were wrong, oh how you were wrong. He wasn’t being proud of you in that awful, awful moment ago. No, Kurogane then was offering his comfort discreetly as he could since you were all still on the battlefield and couldn’t show such consoling. But now, in the privacy of the quarters reserved for the two strongest warriors for the king, he could.

All your life nobody wanted to be near you, didn’t want to touch you at the slightest, treating you and Fai as vermin that should be left to rot away, and rot away you two did at the valley. Your mother never comforted you when you cried, not even when you were just a baby wailing in your crib because she was too distraught at bringing the most accursed children out into the world. Nobody sought to touch you, comfort you, because when you suffered it was just a retribution for the harms your living presence brought to the Valerian citizens. The first touch of love and comfort came from your twin, your brother, your everything, and you and he were all that you had. But then he was taken away from you, ripped from your arms for eternity when he fell from the tower. Ashura was the next person who you never hesitated to seek comfort from, but even now he isn’t within reach, sleeping still in the pool of water right next to your brother. Comfort always came with a heavy price, and for the first time since you left Celes, you want it.     

Kurogane’s eyes lock on yours again, and in the moment of fully understanding just what on earth is going on and feeling everything threatening to come out, you are finally, finally able to let out a loud wail as he wraps his other arm around you and pulls you towards him.

The crying doesn’t stop. He holds on to you and doesn’t say anything. Not even a sigh or a grunt comes from him. It goes on like this for a while, as if it’s been long overdue, or maybe it is. Kurogane isn’t your parent, not even remotely a parental figure, but he’s all that you have so you just stay there, sobbing below his neck, hands locked there and fingernails scraping on padded clothing. You can’t see anything past your tears – only feel your body shake against the warriors, feel the strange but soothing warmth from his arms. He murmurs, and this time it’s gentler, calmer than when he first entered the room, words you cannot fully comprehend, but all the same you know it to be soothing words, like a parent comforting a child. It’s surreal, but you know he really does mean it.

You gasp for air, throat still tight as it is, but instead of feeling overwhelmed and completely helpless in the company of Kurogane, you let the pain ride out with your breath, your salty tears, and the rage and anguish that claw through the warrior’s chest. For the first time in four months you feel safe letting your walls down. Even though your grief shows, Kurogane doesn’t know what you have been thinking about, what atrocities have been done on your bloodstained hands in the past, and that’s all that matters because there is no way you could ever have him or the children find out. You’ve betrayed many others before, and yet here at this very moment, Kurogane had willingly open himself up to protect you, hold you, comfort you. 

And for that very reason, it hurts so much.

Fresh tears well up. Your throat tightens and you choke, yet you let them fall in silence, shutting your heavy and weary eyelids. But then you feel rough fingers grasp your chin, tilting your face. You can barely make sense of what’s in front of you in the dark room, vision muddied from tears, but you can still see the outlines of Kurogane’s eyes, pitch black, still attentive. He slides his hand past your jaw, over your cheek, sending your nerves on fire and leaving you to catch your breath. His fingers rest just beneath your right eye, tracing it; thumb wiping away your tears in slow, gentle strokes. You can hear him breathing and feel the warmth of it tickling your skin. He talks again, softer, murmuring in his mother tongue that soothes instead of intimidates. It’s calming, like a lullaby, and you drink in those sweet, sweet words of his. A spell has been cast, leaving you to drown in it as if you never wish to resurface. 

In a stupor, Kurogane edges closer, his breath brushing against your eyelashes. It’s strange. Everything about him feels so warm, and you never want that to leave you that you don’t even attempt to push him away. His chin brushes against your nose, and