escaping. Right now, for him, it’s all about indulging Kurogane, and only Kurogane, under tight conditions. And sure enough, when he feels a bulge rising beneath him, he slides off his lap onto the cold, hard floor and presses his mouth against it.  

Kurogane jerks with such force that the chair raises then slams down hard and loud. Fai holds down his thighs, thumbs pressed into the folds of his leather pants.       

“Careful now, you don’t want the others to wake up, do you?”

“Bastard.”

The belt and zipper come undone. Cotton underwear is the only thing left preventing Kurogane’s hard cock from release. He rubs in circular motion and blows a huff, receiving an earful of colorful words. It goes on like this, thumbing fabric and sending breaths until Kurogane is rendered incoherent. Pants pulled down to his knees and cock free, Fai palms its tip. As enticing as it already is, he can smell the blood rushing in, bloodlust and arousal overwhelming him so much he can’t see straight for a brief moment. He licks his lips.

“You best hope you don’t bleed some more,” he taunts.

Kurogane swallows hard (and Fai shivers). “Don’t you dare feed on m-hnnggharrrgh!”

He’s on point in a sense. Fai devours him, but not his blood. He does not take his sweet, slow time consuming Kurogane’s hard member, sucking hard and teasing as much skin as he can with his lithe tongue. After blood, a prey’s flesh is the tastiest for vampires. And what flesh it is. Warm, salty, and sticky with pre-cum – it’s as divine, if not more so, as his blood. But unlike beading pools of blood trickling from flesh, lapped up bit by bit to satiate hunger, it’s denser and all there at once, and he can taste it in his mouth over and over as he bobs up and down. The noises Kurogane make are obscene and he’s writhing, bucking in tandem to Fai’s ravenous mouth, and blood and pulse and everything about him is so tantalizing that he’s so hard and oh if he could get off himself but he shouldn’t. 

Kurogane’s blood flow increasing, pulse surging in staccatos, and muscles thrumming, Fai dips in and out faster. He’s going to make Kurogane come so hard that he’ll remember him long after he’s gone that the warrior will be over-exhausted and unable to make it up and come after him. Breaths hitched, muscles quivering and blood pulsing so loudly that it’s all Fai can hear and his balls are tingling, he puckers a ring with his lips around it. He’s going to come, Fai feels it; almost, almost – 

“Stale – hah – mate.” 

That word, the safe word he himself assigned for Kurogane, pulls him sharply from his bloodlust state. Kurogane using it, surrendering, is surprising enough for him to withdraw quickly.

He hadn’t expected him to use it now, but Kurogane did. In some twisted, cruel way, he feels betrayed, losing that control he relied on tonight. But of course, he doesn’t want to hurt Kurogane any more than he already has, as a companion and the dominant. 

Collecting himself on his feet, he then gets a better view of Kurogane’s state. Disheveled, almost naked with pants down his ankles, cock still throbbing and flushed, and panting heavily, Fai barely manages to will away from such irresistible distraction. He unties the belt from Kurogane’s hands. It falls to the floor along with the loosened arm band. No longer bound and strapped to the back of the chair, Kurogane stretches his arms with a great, big sigh, and then drops them by his side. 

Fai walks around, clacking boots filling the sudden silence between them, and slips his fingers underneath the band covering Kurogane’s eyes. He’s not sure what to expect when their eyes meet again – looking away is not an option since Kurogane will catch on to his uneasiness right away. Calloused hands clutch his wrists as soon as the band comes off. For a fleeting moment, Fai sees those familiar red eyes, brilliant and passionate – and then the next thing he knows Kurogane pulls him down and crushes him with his lips.

It’s not blood, it’s not flesh, but it feels good, Kurogane feels good and warm and safe and just right. 

Fai can’t let go. (He doesn’t want to.) 

Lightheaded, his knees cave in, but Kurogane holds him steady. He gets up. The chair scrapes, but neither pays attention to how loud it is. Kurogane’s practically stark naked. Fai isn’t. Tan fingers pick at his buttons and he lets him. His crisp shirt falls to the floor, and for the first time this night he feels the warmth of Kurogane’s chest directly against his. Warm blood and steady heart pulses beat