first birthday party. He never got to see her first steps or hear her first garbled words.

 

Katy held Anna on her lap for most of the day of the party, Katy who had become lovely and tall and contrary, especially with her mother, which pleased and worried Douglas at the same time (he didn’t want her to turn out like him). Katy knew that both herself and her sister were daughters of the same man and in fact seemed to find a dark delight in the knowledge, like it was some sort of sordid affair she might one day turn to her advantage. She was perfectly pleasant with Douglas, very happy to see him. She doted on her sister at the same time as she made cutting remarks to and about Douglas, treating the whole thing like some merry game. He parried with her gladly, as he asked her about school and marveled at Anna’s constant stream of syllables which the child kept on with complete seriousness, as though delivering a regal speech in a language they were all too stupid to comprehend.

 

All the while, Douglas wondered if this was fatherhood, watching his second daughter grow angrier and more like him every day, watching his third daughter growing up from afar, and forgetting his grown-up first daughter more each passing week even as he remembered her child self each night in darkly-coloured guilt dreams.  

 

Douglas got to hold Anna in his arms for a while, just after the birthday supper. She slept for most of that time, tired out from food and excitement. As the other adults chattered and drank, he strolled around the garden  and looked at the flowers, and cherished the feel of her soft pudgy arms around his neck.

 

Anna cried when she woke up, momentarily not recognizing the man holding her, kicking and screaming and running for Mummy and her new husband, for Daddy Daddy Daddy. Douglas watched her go, and watched this other man scoop her up and hold her close, and felt nothing at all.

 

Katy did not come downstairs to say goodbye, even when her stepdad knocked on her bedroom door. Douglas left her un-birthday present – a watch, a hundred pounds in cash – on the mantelpiece, and left.

 

When he called, Anna would call him “Papa”, with deliberate care, so Douglas knew it was a word reserved just for him. He wanted to know if she had thought of it herself or if her mother had supplied it, but he never asked.

 

Katy never wanted to come to the phone. He continued to send her and Anna presents and money.

 

He was fired from Air England when Anna was five. He woke up the next morning with a start, calling for Katy and Anna and Alice in a hoarse voice that did not sound a thing like him.

 

“Who?” Helena asked him in a sleep-blurred voice, because she was the only one there.

 

Douglas told her “no one, dear”, and turned away from her as he pretended to go back to sleep.

 

He had already given up drinking. He called Anna every two weeks, saw Katy and Anna on their birthdays and on holidays, continued to argue wearily with his second wife every time he met her.

 

He did not cheat on Helena.

 

He wanted to talk to Alice, but was afraid.

 

He began to work for MJN.

 

=====

 

In Molokai, Douglas sleeps for a few hours, then dresses quickly and goes down to the lobby to call Anna first thing.

 

“Hullo? Deacon residence, this is Anna Deacon,” she says, answering the phone on her own because that, she once told her father in her same serious voice, is what big girls do.

 

“Hullo, sweetheart. It’s me.”

 

“Oh, hi, Papa. You missed Christmas.”

 

“Yes, I know. I’m very sorry. I had a flight and couldn’t call until now.”

 

“That’s all right. I got your present. Mum didn’t want us to go to the post office to fetch it because she wanted to finish her shopping, but I told her we must, because there’s no point in getting a Christmas present if it’s not Christmas anymore.”

 

Douglas grins, bringing his other hand up over his mouth to hide it from the drowsy girl at the desk. “That’s wonderful, darling.”

 

“Are you coming to see us soon? I know you said you couldn’t for Christmas, but maybe the New Year…”

 

“Erm, yes, yes, I should be able to make it for New Year’s. Do you want to go somewhere? I’ll take you anywhere you like.”

 

Anna gives a wise little chuckle. “Papa, everything will be closed on that day. We won’t have anywhere to go unless you count the pond, but the ducks are all gone because the water’s been frozen for ages.”

 

“Oh. Right. Yes, of course. Well, do you–”

 

He stops when he hears more voices on the other end, a woman’s and then a man’s, too far