You follow behind her and do not interrupt. She is walking quickly but not like she wants to lose you, and that is enough.

Earlier, she said, “Sensei, I need to talk to you.”

Now, she says, “Sensei, I’ve been doing my best.”

She does not turn around. You say, yes.

She starts, “Then why have you–” and stops, then starts again, stiffer, more formal, “Please, why have you stopped calling out to me?”

It is one of the hottest weeks of summer, and the week of the brass band’s summer camp. Cicadas trill in the bushes and far off to your left, there are the sounds of happy, carefree conversation: the other members of the club, lounging in the last minutes of sun before evening.

You are alone with her. You do not think this is a good thing to be.

Your necktie clutches at your throat. You think of loosening it, then dismiss the thought. You tell her that nothing has changed.

She whips around to glare at you. “Sensei, that is a lie.” You have never seen her so angry.

Quieter, she says, “I enjoy our social studies.”

Quieter still, she says, “I don’t want them to stop.”

You hear a single horn blast in the distance. Students laugh like crows.

You want to explain, as her teacher, but the words do not come. As always, she confuses you, she makes your thoughts go around in circles until you have to close your eyes and will them all away. When you open your eyes again, she is still standing before you, petulant and sad.

She says, “I like Sensei’s company very much.”

Keiko-san. Not Himuro-chi?

The quirk of her mouth. You’ve caught her out. “Himuro-chi, then. You’re right, he’s the one I prefer. So I want him back.”

It’s brazen (it’s forbidden) but you aren’t shocked. You guessed, rightly, that this was what she wanted to say. Yet you do not know what to say, to end this. It’s your fault, you’ve gotten too close, this must end–

But she is faster. She makes her choice. “Reiichi-san. Please.”

She is all innocence. Your name comes easily off her tongue, as easily as the scales she practices, arduously, every day.

You close your eyes. When you open them, she is still there.

You tell her, all right.

=====

She is seventeen years old and ambitious.

She wants to go to Tokyo University. “It’s far from Habataki, and my parents will be sad I’m going away, but I really think that’s where I need to be.”

It’s your place to encourage her. After all, she is top of her class. You ask her what she wants to study at Tokyo University.

“Mathematics,” she says, without hesitation, without even a blink. “I want to be a professor of mathematics.”

You tell her that is fine. Math is her strong subject. You do not ask what you are both expecting you to ask. You point out, as though in passing, that it will cost her a lot in gas to drive the visits home.

She smiles radiantly, bright as the sun. “Then I’ll take the bus. I need to be able to come back often, or there will be people I’ll miss.”

You do not ask what you are both expecting you to ask. You make cursory notes in your ledger and send her away.

=====

She is seventeen years old and framed by the sunset.

It’s still cool outside from the lingering winter chill. Frost clings to the windows of your car, though you scrape it away assiduously, when you have the time. Mostly you don’t, because you spend much more time than usual at school, preparing your class for their final exams and university entrance exams.

But you have time today, or rather, you have made time, because it was Keiko-san who approached you after class and asked you, carefully, if you had a moment to spare. So you drive to the promontory where the sun touches the earth and you stand, together but apart, gazing out over the world as the light fades gradually away.

“Reiichi-san,” she says, when it is almost dark. “Reiichi-san, will you play the piano for me once more before I leave?”

You are taken aback, which is your own fault; you’ve been trying not to think about it, even as you do your all to make sure your students all graduate to the best of their abilities. You did not want to think of her leaving.

It shouldn’t matter. It matters so much you can hardly bear it.

You tell her, teacher-like, that you don’t know