in the joy of being alive.

Later, as she and Ennea were down in the hospital cafeteria getting some dinner, Nona received a text message from Akane Kurashiki, whose name and number radiated a permanence they had never had before. It read, simply, "Thank you."

She showed it to Ennea, who, of course, began to cry.

=====

Aoi was screaming. He was screaming and there was nothing she could do.

They had been so sure. Everything had been in place: location, time, money, players, rules. And it still hadn't been enough.

Through the surveillance camera, Nona watched Aoi collapse to the floor, hands shaking as he fought to gather up the ashes scattering across the ground. Junpei stood by, watching in horror, and for one blazing moment Nona hated him, she hated him with her entire being save her damn you why can't you save her!

Images flashed across her mind's eye, alternate shots of the same scene: Ennea, so distraught by the sight of Akane's body being consumed by flames and crumbling to ash, was striking the morphogenetic field, striking it like a furious child strikes her fists against the wall, and through their connection Nona felt her own despair amplified tenfold. She turned away from the surveillance camera screens and ducked her head against her knees, pressing her hands hard against her ears to block out the sound of Aoi screaming AkaneAkaneAkane into the unhearing, unfeeling void.

=====

"You can't tell–" Nona gasped, "you can't tell me that and expect me to just agree! What are you thinking?!"

Aoi's expression was cool, Akane's sad. He said, "I'm sorry, Nona, Ennea. We tried to think of anything, anyone else we could. But it has to be her."

"Leave our mother out of this!" Nona screamed. She went for him with her fists, and he flinched and scooted back, almost bumping into Akane at the desk. "You can't use her! I won't let you!"

"Nona, be reasonable–"

"Don't tell me to be reasonable."

"Onee-chan, stop!" Ennea pleaded, latching onto one of her swinging arms.

Nona struggled against her grip but eventually relented and stopped flailing, breathing hard and glaring death at Aoi, who regarded her with a new kind of wariness he had never shown towards her before. Ennea pushed close to her and wrapped both her arms around her, burying her face against Nona's shoulder.

"Don't make Mama suffer any more than she already has," Nona said harshly. "We've done a lot for you, but we won't do this."

"Onee-chan–"

"What?"

Ennea raised her head and looked right at her, her eyes swimming with tears. Nona searched her face for a moment, not understanding, then her expression went slack with horror, and she jerked out of her arms.

"You agree. How could you agree? That's our mom."

"I know," Ennea sobbed. "I know. But Aoi's right. It has to be her. She needs this as much as Akane does."

"What are you talking about? You're all wrong!" Nona turned on Aoi and Akane again, simmering with rage. "I'll just tell her. I'll tell her everything and then we'll take her where you can't get her. You are not bringing her into the game!"

"You'd leave Akane to disappear?" Aoi said furiously.

"No! But find somebody else!"

"What do you want me to do, just pick someone from the street and throw them in with the rest? Your mother is the only one left with a connection–"

"I don't care."

"Then why haven't you told her?!" Aoi exploded. He slammed his fist down on the desk, sending a sheaf of printed papers flying to the floor. "Why didn't you tell her everything nine years ago, when she first started looking for answers?"

"I–"

"I'll tell you why," Aoi continued fiercely. "It's because you knew. You knew as well as we did that if your mother didn't go looking for answers herself, this whole thing would never come together. We needher – Akane needs her – and you fucking know it."

"That's enough, Aoi," Akane said softly, and Aoi deflated. He laced his fingers tightly together and pressed them to the back of his head, tipped his head to stare down at the floor, and exhaled loudly while leaning back to rest his hips against the desk.

For a long moment, the only sounds were Ennea crying and Aoi breathing, then Akane said gently, "I'm sorry. If it could happen any other way, I would make sure it would."

Akane held her gaze so steadily that Nona felt briefly ashamed, even as her fists trembled with outrage and her stomach churned