he would probably do it on a morning where Grant is hovering expectantly by the coffee machine, or bothering him at the stove by wrapping his arms around his waist and pressing distracting kisses to his shoulder while Asher tries valiantly to not to break their omelets apart.

The longer he thinks about it, the nicer it sounds. Asher files that plan away for next time and finishes his sweetened coffee with satisfaction.

They talk about this and that as they eat. Grant reprimands him jokingly when he tries to bring up something work-related ("It's the weekend, Asher, honestly") so they begin to make plans for the next public holiday instead.  Asher had been thinking of staying in with his cat and the half a dozen novels he has yet to catch up on, but Grant won't hear of it.

"Not that I have anything against a quiet three-day weekend," he says while spearing a strawberry slice with his fork, "but wouldn't you like to go somewhere? Even a little?"

Asher waits until the waitress has finished refilling his coffee cup before answering. "You mean like a day trip?"

"Just so!" Only Grant can use an expression like "just so" in casual conversation and still make it sound genuine. "If I could take you out for only one day then I would consider the weekend a success."

"You could just take the chance to sleep in."

"Nonsense. I haven't slept in in thirty years."

Asher has yet to disprove that, considering he always finds Grant awake and ready to go even when he sleeps over at his place. He stirs cream and sugar into his fresh coffee until it goes the perfect shade of light brown. "I'll see how I feel around then."

"Excellent." Grant winks at him. "I promise I'll make it worth your while."

"You always do," Asher says before he can stop himself. His voice gets a little lower as he says it, suggestively low, quite without his leave. It's probably the most he's managed to flirt in public. It isn't much by most people's standards, but by his--

He hides his blush in his coffee while Grant steals his bowl of leftover English cream. They speak of nothing of real import for a while, though Grant does try to sneak his shoe up Asher's leg again, and this time Asher has the presence of mind to give him a little kick under the table to make him behave. Grant gives him a "you wound me, sir" look that does nothing to diminish the mischievous sparkle in his eyes.

Comfortably full and still thirsting for one more coffee, they sit and enjoy the terrasse for a bit longer. The crowd is thinning as the late morning wears on, but Asher still has to push his chair aside again as the same gentleman from before stands to leave his table with a "sorry, need the little boy's room".

"As do I," Grant declares, throwing his cloth napkin down with all the relish of a well-fed man. "Excuse me for a moment, cariño."

"Of course."

Grant stands and heads off, whistling an old tune as he goes. There are two things in life that make him as happy as this: a job well done, and a good date. Asher has told him off for being the hopeless old romantic that he is, but privately, he has to admit it makes him happy too, to be spending his scarce and valuable free time with someone in this way.

He's basking in that thought and mixing his third sugared milk coffee when there's a snicker to his left. There's a woman at the next table -- the companion of the familiar man who keeps standing to use the washroom -- with a colourful scarf over her head and a pair of oversized sunglasses over her eyes. She could be any of the thousands of Cloudbank socialites who regularly frequent this restaurant, and normally Asher wouldn't give her a second glance, but there's something familiar about the tilt of her nose and the pitch of her laugh. That's when he notices the particular shade of red hair falling artfully over her forehead, and he knows: "Red."

The woman looks up from her phone, which she had been tapping on one-handed, her lips pursing. "You can recognize me?"

"It's my job to recognize people, Red."

Red swipes the sunglasses from her face and tosses them on the table. "Damn reporters!" Then she turns back to her phone and types some more, two-handed this time. She means business.

"You said I looked perfect," she mutters as she types, then drops the phone on the table next to her glasses.

As Grant had pointed out earlier, it is the weekend, but Asher's reporter instincts never did learn to take a day off. "If it's a sweetheart you're talking to, then they would probably say that any time."

Red, to her credit, doesn