s not alone with his thoughts anymore. Even on the cloudiest, foggiest days, there's always someone else's thoughts there, in his periphery, floating along like they belong, like they've always belonged. And he's never begrudged them once.

 

=====

 

Being with Sherlock is natural, somehow, like it's always just been, like they've known each other all their lives and nothing can separate them. John knows it's ridiculous, a little, but finds out soon that he doesn't much care. He's never felt this before, this serenity, this calm whether they're chasing an armed criminal down a dark alley or just sitting around at home, half listening to whatever crap telly is on at three in the morning. There's a joy in just being together, in the most literal sense, just being in the company of each other and breathing, listening. It's fine, it's easy, it's so ordinary and yet so extraordinary that John can't help but question it sometimes, mostly during the times where he's not there with Sherlock, in the middle of the night with the sound of Sherlock's experimenting floating up the stairs to his room. John tries to write about it in his blog once or twice, but always ends of backspacing it, shaking his head. It's not something that can be put into words, described or explained or analyzed. It simply is.

 

So he stops trying to figure it out. He stops thinking about it in the terms of why and how. It doesn't matter, as long as it's there, and as long as it never stops being there, then it's all fine.

 

=====

 

Touch is a strange thing for Sherlock. Mostly he just doesn't think about it. People tend to not touch him; they keep a respectable distance and then an inch or two more to be certain. On a very basic behavioural level, Sherlock knows that it's because he intimidates them; they are impressed and slightly frightened by him, so they give him a wide berth, as though afraid he might snap out and bite.

 

John doesn't adhere to such things, of course, but John isn't intimidated by Sherlock nor is he afraid of him by any stretch of the imagination. John can stand easily in his personal space, comfortably by his side as Sherlock relates the facts of a case or laments about the lack of them. John can shuffle around him in the narrow kitchen to fetch the tea and won't care that his jumper sleeve brushes against Sherlock's side, or that he has to place a hand on his elbow to reach around him for the teapot. Everything about John is easy, uncomplicated, unencumbered, including the casual touches. It's not something they have to talk about or even notice. Like everything else in their life it's just there, without question.

 

So it isn't surprising when, on that day when Sherlock falls into the Thames in pursuit of a three-time murderer, John drapes his heavy winter quilt over Sherlock's shoulders and then tucks himself in next to him, so that they are side by side on the sofa with John's arm pressed against Sherlock's shivering back. Sherlock is too prideful to say anything, but then again he doesn't have to; all that could be said is said in the simple gesture, the sharing of body heat to ward off hypothermia, the steady left hand on his hip. Sherlock hadn't wanted to go to the A&E even though he was shuddering and dripping and blue, but it’s better this way, that John should be the one to keep him from cold and death. This is fine.

 

That night, they fall asleep like that, curled together like boys tired out from playing. It's their best sleep in a long time.

 

=====

 

John has stopped being annoyed that people always take them for a couple, mostly because it's tiresome to get his hackles up every time it happens, and it happens a lot. It's a bit of an in-joke at the Yard, where some of the sergeants and officers find themselves comical when they follow them with their eyes and wiggle their eyebrows and refer to John behind his back as "the missus". John gives them a Look when they get too loud but otherwise doesn't bother, and Sherlock is as supremely uncaring as his customs dictate.

 

Lestrade has a funny quirk of a smile that he does when he looks at them sometimes, that kind of an indulgent older brother smile, or what John imagines an indulgent older brother smile would look like if he had an older brother. Probably Lestrade is only thinking that John is good for keeping Sherlock in line, or at least for keeping others away from Sherlock when he's in a frenzy of deduction. But John can also see a bit of the usual assumptions in his eyes, too.

 

That's all right. John is above caring