why I said it. I suppose it seemed like the right thing to say at the right moment, except it was not right in either sense because Remus suddenly froze up, like he had been cursed, and then slowly, slowly, very slowly turned to look at me.

Now if I know Remus, whenever any of us happens to say something that is just a bit too far off the mark of sanity or sense, he will make this kind of Face that is halfway between exasperation and fondness, and will say something like "That is the silliest thing I have ever heard in my life" or "And I'll go have a picnic with the giant squid, shall I?" or even "Of course I would be happy to spend a day scraping gooey bits of Sirius Black off the walls".

He was not making the Face this time, which was probably the scariest thing of all.

Remus: "What?"

Me: "Well, are you?"

James: "Merlin's pants."

Remus: "Why would you think that?"

Before I could say anything, Peter spoke up and said, "I'm really sorry to just ask like this, Remus, but you weren't telling and we were really worried so–"

James interrupted, because he is a berk, "But you aren't, right? I mean, we'd be able to tell, right? Your mum has just been ill…"

Even James knew it was time to shut up at this point, because Remus was looking at the floor with a look like he was concentrating very hard. James and Peter and I had run out of words to say, so we just looked at him and waited to see how he would react.

After a very long while, Remus looked up quickly and focused on some spot above my head, maybe so he would not have to look at any of us in the eye. Then he said, "I'm sorry."

I don't know about James and Peter, but I was personally very astonished. I said, "Why are you sorry?"

Remus said, "For forcing you to share a room with a werewolf for two years."

So that was it. We had been right after all.

James went back to sit on the bed, but other than him, none of us moved or made any sound. Remus continued to stare at that one spot over my head, which was quickly getting old. So, I went up to him and put my hand on his shoulder to try to get him to look me in the eye. I said, "It's all right, you know."

Remus, morosely: "Of course it isn't."

Peter, comfortingly: "It really is, though."

Me, charmingly: "We don't mind. We're just surprised, that's all."

James made a sort of gurgling, suffering noise, but everyone ignored him. I said, "We'll still be your friend. Right, Pete?"

Peter said, "Yeah."

I said, "Right, James?"

James did not say anything for a while. Then Peter went over to the bed and smacked him on the arm, really very hard, probably harder than he had ever hit anything in his life. James gave an impressive yelp and the blue glow emanating from every single one of his hairs became brighter for a second or two.

James yelped, "Yes! All right! Of course!"

I said, "And I will too, naturally. So you see, it's all right."

Remus still was not looking at me, but after a minute or so, he smiled, ever so slightly, and nodded his head.

So that is how we found out. I would say it's a bit of a shock, but it isn't really. We saw the signs and made our deductions, and as the great Muggle detective has said, once you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.

Speaking of which, I was going to read "A Scandal in Bohemia" tonight so I will get to that. I'll probably go sit at the window because it's all cool and frosted from the snow, and people are less likely to interrupt me reading when they have to approach a chilly window to do it.

Plus that location puts me at the farthest point from James' distracting blue body hair.

Good night,

S. B.

=====

In my dream, there is a dog in the snow. The dog's name is Padfoot.

I do not know how I know this. Perhaps it is my dog and I have only just begun to remember it.

The dog plays in the snow, running, diving, leaping, treating the field as playground and plaything all at once. It tumbles down a hill, yelping in doggy ecstasy, as waves of snow follow it down. I can almost remember what it feels like to play, to be happy. Somehow, the dog's feelings feel very close