when he's busy and Grant is busy and they're both trying to keep track of their separate lives, but in quiet moments like these, he can admit it. He feels love in every fiber of his being. It warms him up to the very tips of his fingers and down to his toes.

The sun has risen enough to begin slanting through the east window, and soon Asher can see Grant's face clearly. There are worry lines and laugh lines mixed together on his face, all those beloved creases that Asher doesn't need to see to know, as familiar to him as the map of Cloudbank's streets he keeps hanging in his office. Slowly, he reaches up to touch his fingertips to Grant's cheek. Grant smiles automatically, his eyes still closed, as Asher traces his way down to his jaw, then up to his lips. Grant kisses the pads of his fingers as they pass, an affectionate echo of the gesture he offered him last night, during a pause in their lovemaking in the warmth of midnight.

A shrill electronic beeping shatters the stillness of the morning. It's Grant's frighteningly advanced state-of-the-art coffee machine. Because the only thing he loves more than his job is his coffee.

"Did you set it last night?" Asher asks. Grant’s eyes tell him no. "Then it must be Royce."

"Must be," Grant agrees, then looks contrite when Asher scowls. "I'm sorry. You know how he is."

"All too well." At least he's learned to not come barging into Grant's bedroom at all hours. Asher still isn't over the smug "I knew it" face Royce gave him upon catching them at it that one time.

Asher sighs. "I suppose that's our cue to get up." Royce may have no use for timing or decorum but he never shows up just to say hello.  He'll have something to say.

Grant pouts a bit but he's known Royce longer than any of them, so he knows it's time to sit up and stretch and yawn in preparation for the day ahead. Asher slips out of bed to wash up in the adjoining bathroom, then returns to dig his phone out from under the pillow.

Grant finally hauls himself out from under the covers and yawns one more time. "I suppose I'll go talk to him now."

"You must still be sticky," Asher points out. He smirks and goes to him as Grant blushes. "You take a moment. I'll say hello to Royce."

"Try to be nice to him," Grant murmurs as Asher strokes a hand through his tousled hair. "It's too early for you two to be fighting."

Asher makes a noncommittal sound and Grant laughs quietly, shaking his head. He presses a kiss to Asher's sternum and stands. His hand slides affectionately over Asher's hip as he moves past him to the bathroom.

Asher fishes his pajama shirt out of the tangled covers, pulls it back on, straightens his flannel trousers, and wraps himself securely in his bathrobe before stepping out into the kitchen. Royce is seated at the sleek, modern counter on one of the sleek, modern stools, sipping on an espresso as he types one-handed on his portable computer. He's fully and impeccably dressed but the intensity of his gaze and the jitter of his leg tells Asher he probably hasn't slept in a few days.

"Good morning," says Asher.

Royce says "Hn" and pauses in his typing just long enough to gesture loftily to the two steaming cups of coffee sitting in wait on the counter. Asher takes one up immediately. Royce doesn't often bother making coffee for anyone else, but when he does it's second to none.

Asher tastes the coffee black as a courtesy, then goes straight for the milk and sugar, ignoring the dirty look Royce gives him for daring to ruin a perfectly good cup of joe. His imperious look is greatly tempered by the mug he's using -- one of Grant's novelty cat ones, ceramic ears and all -- but Asher knows better than to laugh.

Asher sits across from Royce and just watches him type for a while, sipping his transgressive coffee. Royce seems primed to disregard his presence for a while but then he abruptly says, "Slept well, I hope" between gulps, though he isn't quite looking at him.

"I did, thanks," Asher replies. "You look like you could use a few hours yourself."

Royce raises his cat mug demonstratively as his other hand keeps typing away. His version of "duty calls", Asher supposes.

Royce's computer bleeps and Royce's brows knit together. Then something bumps hard against one of the bay windows, making Asher jump. Royce merely looks exasperated.

"Would you be so kind as to open a window?" he says to Asher. Asher looks at him but does as he asks, and jumps again when something white and