listened. Closed his eyes. Turned the volume up. Yes, it was a broadcast, he was sure.

The voice beneath the static was more like a sob, and suddenly the static gave way, and the words came in clear.


Help us. Please, God, anybody. Help us...


Aksel froze. The words were there. But they weren't like any voice he had ever heard. They were low, distorted, like a glitch audio file played backward. The words had teeth in them.

He pulled away from the radio and switched it off. Breathed deeply. Swallowed a couple of times. When he looked back toward his friends, Gøran and Sigrun were staring at him.

"What?" he asked, shoving his hands in his pockets, trying to look nonchalant.

"You look... uh..." Gøran started, then stopped, as if he wasn't quite sure how to describe it.

"...Like you're gonna throw up," Sigrun finished. "If you're going to be sick, don't do it in here, okay?"

Well, she was right. He did feel sick. "I just...." Breathe. Stop. Breathe. "I need some fresh air."

He grabbed his coat and headed to the door and pretended not to hear them asking if he was sure he would be all right.

Rain. Air. Cold.

Aksel shoved his coat on. Didn't bother to zip it. Stood underneath the roof's overhang to keep the water off. Inhaled and exhaled and tried to keep down the acid, tried to ease the churning in his stomach.

The sound played over in his head. Those words beneath the static. The voice that, when he thought about it, had sounded like many voices, all crying out together.

He shuddered and tried desperately not to vomit.

The door opened, then slammed shut. Heavy boots stomped out onto the landing.

"Hey, Aksel."

Sigrun. Aksel bit the inside of his cheek. He did like her, really, even if she was kind of an ass now and then, but part of him wanted to tell her to go. He didn't need her particular brand of humour right now.

But she'd come. Hadn't she. That did count for something, maybe. Aksel sighed, deflated, letting his shoulders droop. "Hi," he said, and turned around.

Sigrun stood there in her jacket with a cat in her arms, the furry one–eyed thing belonging to the store's owner. "You're not going to be sick, are you?" she asked, cocking her head to the side suspiciously.

"No! I'm fine." And somehow, he was, or at least his stomach had finally settled.

"Good." She stepped toward him and held out the cat. "Here, take this."

"Wha– well, okay..." Aksel didn't bother to hide his confusion as he carefully took the cat up in his arms, grateful that the old moggie didn't seem to mind being handed over like a sack of potatoes. "Why?"

"Because you like cats. And you looked like you were going to cry. I mean, you looked like you were gonna puke, but you also looked like you were going to cry."

"...Oh."

They stood there for a while. Sigrun turned away from him and stuffed her hands in the pockets of her rainslicker, looking out at the rain. Aksel pressed his face into the cat's fur and listened to the low rumble of its purring. Well, she was right, he did like cats, but....

"So. Are you going to tell me what's wrong, or am I going to have to drag it out of you?"

Oh.

"It's nothing. I'm fine."

"No, you're not. You looked like... well, I dunno. You looked really freaked out."

Aksel pursed his lips and pressed his face against the cat again. How could he explain it? He didn't even know what he'd actually heard. "The radio... Um."

"Oh, that." She turned to him, then. Looked up at him. "You know, before you got here, I was fiddling with it too. It's really creepy, ain't it? Those voices."

"So you heard it too? And you let me try it?!"

Sigrun shrugged. "Sure, why not? I wasn't sure if I was hearing something or if I was just imagining things. It was too weird."

"Argh...." It was all he could do to stop himself from throwing the cat at her and stalking away. It wouldn't be fair to the cat, after all. Instead, he looked away, gritting his teeth. Breathed in the cold damp air and tried not to get upset.

"What's your problem, anyway?"

Oh, for the love of – All the fresh air in the world wouldn't make