his breath as he tied the lines, letting the spell roll off his tongue. He knew the spell for fishing, and it wouldn't hurt to use it now. The supplies were low, he was sure, and while they wouldn't have any more bread, it wouldn't hurt to make sure that there was something edible in their supper.

He could feel Emil's eyes on him. Lalli's brows furrowed. He frowned, and then tried to ignore him. It was best to ignore him. Even if he could explain what he was doing, Emil wouldn't understand.

There was a lot that Emil didn't understand.

They baited the lines. Fished for a while. It wasn't long before the bites started to come in. The fish that they pulled up were small and slim and not very good for eating, but they were fish nonetheless. Maybe something could be made of them.

Emil was fidgety. He kept brushing his hair out of his face. Opening his mouth, sucking in a breath as if he was going to say something, then sad nothing, as if he thought better of it. Then checking on the fish in their bucket, as if he thought they'd gone somewhere, or maybe just to distract himself.

Lalli glanced at him. He almost wished that Sigrun had come instead. Almost.

Emil did speak. After a while. Eventually. The words that came were soft, quiet. Lalli listened, and couldn't catch them. It was a load of Swedish nonsense and he couldn't grasp it. Too many words that he didn't know.

Not that it was likely to be anything important, anyway. But not too long ago, he wouldn't have minded hearing it, even if it wasn't anything important. Right?

Lalli thought about this for a moment. Huffed, and then dropped another little fish into the bucket. Then he sat down on the stream's bank, and pointed to the space beside him.

"Sit," he said. It was in Finnish, but at least his point was clear. Emil sank down beside him – after checking that the spot was dry – and cleared his throat as if to speak, then thought better of it.

Lalli didn't look at him. He wound the spare line neatly in his hands, and waited for Emil to speak again. Waited for him to say something, anything. Wondered if he even wanted him to speak.

And then the words came, and he didn't understand any of them, and it was annoying. Lalli turned his head away, and let Emil blather on, ignoring him.

It wasn't that he was still angry. It wasn't. Not at all. It was only....

Lalli bit the inside of his cheek and thought about it. If I could talk to you properly, he thought, would that make this better?

No, he thought. Probably not. It never had before, with anyone else, ever. So it wouldn't help with Emil, either.

He put the spare line in his pocket, and paused as he found something there. Pulling it out, he realized what it was. Wax paper. Bread and cheese. The packet that Emil had passed to him at lunch.

The inside of his gut pinched. He'd been running around all day, and supper wouldn't be for a while. And it must have been the last of the cheese; they'd been rationing it carefully, but they were low on everything. He hadn't even realized there had been any left at all. 

Slowly, he unwrapped the paper, not caring if Emil noticed or not, or if he wanted any or not. If Emil didn't save anything for himself, it wasn't Lalli's problem, was it?

Something written on the inside of the paper made him pause. Lalli frowned, then smoothed it out on his knee to read it.

It was written carefully, in Finnish, in Emil's handwriting.


I'm sorry.


Lalli stared at it for a moment.

Beside him, Emil had stopped talking. He was quiet, silent, as if he was holding his breath.

Lalli traced the lines of the letters. They smudged a little under his glove, but they were still visible. Still legible. Still there.

Emil had probably asked Tuuri how to say it. He wouldn't have been able to figure it out on his own. But the fact that they were written meant that he did think to ask. And he did write it down. He wrote it down himself.

But why didn't you say it? Lalli thought. It didn't matter that every time Emil tried to say anything in Finnish, it came out clumsily, barely sounding like whatever word or phrase it was supposed to be. 

And, Lalli thought, feeling another flash of irritation, did he even know what he was apologizing for?

"Lalli?"

Emil's voice beside him was soft