the boards.

He rose and stepped onto the narrow bridge. Put out his hand. Waited. As it pressed its furry head to nuzzle at his palm, he felt whole again.

Blinking his eyes open, Lalli stared into the dark and took in the sounds around him.

Slow, even breathing. Four. The crew was asleep. Not a sound he heard often, but he recognized it well enough.

Lalli sat up. Stretched. After sleeping so long, he felt stiff all over. He thought of moving.

Suddenly, he realized.

Four?

Someone else in the room was awake, then.

"Lalli!" A relieved voice speaking his name in a hushed tone, followed by a stream of enthusiastic Swedish gibberish.

Looking, Lalli could see Emil's dim outline in the dark. The words paused for a moment as Emil fumbled to light a candle. Then a yellow glow appeared, giving little light, but just enough for Lalli to see his shadowy face, eyes wide and concerned.

Emil came near to him. Set the candle by him. Whispered something, held out his hands as if to - what? Lalli tilted his head, holding back a yawn. I don't understand you, he thought.

The broad palms cupped his head, smoothed his hair down, then lingered on his face. Lalli relaxed into the touch, closed his eyes. Allowed it. It was weird, but it wasn't bad.

It was just Emil, after all. Emil being his usual self.

Even if Lalli was awake, he felt so tired. There was a dull ache everywhere, biting at his joints, as if he'd completely worn himself out.

...Well. He had worn himself out. Hadn't he. 

Emil was still whispering.

Lalli opened one eye. Noisy, he thought, even if Emil was trying to be quiet. It was a bother. It wouldn't do. He'd wake the rest if he kept at it, and then Lalli would have to deal with more people talking to him. The very thought was exhausting.

You should wake them, a voice in the back of his mind said. There might be something you need to do for them. How many days has it been? He considered this. He didn't know. How long had he been asleep?

No. It didn't matter. He was in no condition to be running around outside. If there was anything that needed to be done, it would have to wait. He wouldn't get very far. Not yet.

That decided, he lifted a hand. Pressed two fingers to Emil's lips. Hissed a soft "Shh!" and tried not to look as exhausted as he felt.

Somehow, Emil got the message. He swallowed, gently grasped Lalli's hand, then nodded.

Okay.

Soft words, a barely-there question that Lalli didn't understand. Lalli thought about replying, and decided not to bother, letting a confused expression settle over his face instead. If Emil got anything from that, it would be a surprise. But maybe he did.

Emil rose. Left him, tiptoeing quietly through the tank for – something. What?

Whatever, Lalli thought as he fell back, settling beneath the warm things that had been draped over him while he was asleep. Blankets. He moved to draw them over himself again. Blankets and... a coat. White coat. He brushed his fingertips along the black stripes going down the inner arms. Emil's, then. Had he been watching him?

Weird Swede, he thought, closing his eyes. Emil was always weird.

But he didn't mind.

A moment later, he heard careful feet stepping toward him again. Lalli let out a sigh, then sat up. What now?

More hushed whispering, and then something was pressed into his hands. A biscuit. Something was set down next to him, and he could smell it. Mint tea.

He looked up at Emil, wondering if he should bother to say something. A twisted grumbling sound came from his guts and he ducked his head, taking up the food, ravenous and not willing to bother trying to thank him now. Maybe Emil would figure it out himself, anyway. He had a way of doing that.

Carefully, Emil sank down beside him. For once, he'd shut his mouth, wasn't saying anything. Not that Lalli would mind the talking, usually. Not that Lalli minded the sound of Emil's voice in particular. It was... nice. A nice voice. But now, in the dark, it wasn't the time. Not when he was tired as the grave and everything ached.

The tea was more warm than hot. Emil hadn't taken his time with it. Or maybe he didn't know how to heat it properly. Lalli wouldn't be surprised if that was the case. But it was good enough, Lalli thought. Good enough. It would tide him over until later. He downed it, then