slowly, carefully. If any human had come that way before, it hadn't been for a long time. Plants crept across the path, obscuring it. Branches reached across it, and Jonna held them back to let Riikka through. There was the distinct sensation that they were heading uphill.

They came, eventually, to a place where the trees thinned. And then, a bright sliver of sky was visible, and they stepped out into the open.

A lake stretched out before them, broad and glittering. The trees gave way to flat grassy ground, with a steep drop to the lakeshore. Jonna plunked down beneath a tree and patted the space beside her. "This is what I wanted to show you," she said. "What do you think? A secret place just for us."

Riikka unshouldered her pack and set it down gently. Then she sank down next to Jonna, and when a long arm coiled loosely around her shoulders, just like she expected, she edged a bit closer. "Are you sure it's a secret?"

"Well," Jonna said, "When I came here, there wasn't any sign that anyone had been around. And you can't get to it from the lake; it's too high up, nobody's going to climb that." She gestured lake ward, in the general direction of the village, hardly visible from where they were. "And I think any juvenile delinquents looking for a place to get up to something would stick closer to someplace where they could make a quick getaway, you know?"

Riikka laughed. If anyone was in a position to know exactly what troublemakers would do, it was Jonna. "Okay," she said softly, curling comfortably against Jonna. "It'll be our secret."

 

They talked over lunch, keeping their voices quiet so that they wouldn't be heard from the trails, just in case. Sandwiches and cinnamon rolls from the Kuikka bakery, sugary crumbs that Riikka licked from her fingers one by one. Jonna looked out at the lake, her chin resting on her hands, a satisfied expression on her face. "I had them made with extra sugar crumble," she said, sounding pleased with herself. "Special."

"Just how much planning did you put into this?" Riikka asked, raising an eyebrow. "You aren't going to start making lists, are you?"

"Oh, come on!" Jonna laughed, shaking her head. "You know I don't usually get a day all to myself. So, I wanted to make sure it'd be special for us. Now, is the coffee still hot? Pass the thermos here."

 

They took pictures, passing the camera between them. The forest around them, the sun sparkling on the lake. Ducks on the water, slipping their way through the lakeweeds on the shore below where the two of them sat, content. 

They took pictures of each other, too. Or tried to.

"Come on!" Riikka said, trying to hold the camera steady through her laughter. "I can't get a good photo of you if you keep making those silly faces."

Jonna paused in her fish imitation, looking thoughtful for a moment. "But what if that's what my face naturally looks like?"

"You aren't silly all the time. And I'd like something nice to pin up by my desk."

"Well - all right." A broad smile, flashing pearly white teeth. "How's this?"

"A little less manic, please."

"... Is this better?"

"Yes. Hold on - ah, there." Riikka put the camera down. "That wasn't so hard, was it?" she asked.

Jonna shrugged. "I can't help it! Point a camera at me and my face does that on its own. Joona's the same way."

"I know, I know. I've seen your family photos." Riikka patted the ground beside her, and when Jonna sat next to her, she took up her previous position: curling against her girlfriend's larger form, leaning against her as she started to flip through the pictures on her camera.

"Speaking of family, I... um."

"Um, what?"

"Actually - it's nothing," Riikka said, trying to sound firm, and failing at it. "Don't worry about it."

"You're lying." Jonna's voice was light and singsong. She slid her arm around Riikka's shoulders, tugging her a bit closer. "Now, you tell me what's up. Hmm?"

They both fell quiet for a moment. Riikka thought about it, and Jonna waited, twirling a strand of Riikka's hair around one finger. Neither of them said anything; there was only the birdsong and the hush of leaves as the breeze ruffled them. Then, a deep breath.

"Have you thought about maybe telling someone about this? Um. Us. Telling your family about us."

The hair-fiddling stopped.