useless, and he's not sure he can say anything else. "Are you--I mean, this. Um." Anything else intelligent, anyway.

"*Yes.*" Tim's eyes are open now, and when he rocks his hips, his cock almost brushes Kon's lips. "Don't stop, I--please."

Kon is good with the not-stopping. He sucks Tim's dick into his mouth, as far as he can go, stopping anything else he might have said. That makes Tim cry out and rock his hips again, and Kon gags a little but it's okay. It's okay because Tim is right here, in his *mouth,* surrounding him and Kon thinks he might come just from this.

Kon probably isn't doing this as well as he could; he knows he's drooling, and he can't go down far enough. But Tim is making these noises, and his hands are carding and groping Kon's hair, and when Kon squeezes his thigh Tim says his name, all high-pitched and breathy. It's incentive to suck as hard as he can, and he can't really get any tongue action in with Tim's cock pressing against the back of his throat, but he does the best he can. He sucks and swallows until his mouth aches from it, and doesn't pull off until Tim comes, pressing his abs up against Kon's nose. 

Kon sits up, working his mouth and cracking his jaw. His lips sort of tingle. 

Tim looks dazed, his lips parted and his chest heaving. "Did I, I'm sorry. Your--" He pants, reaching out to touch Kon's lips, his chin. 

"I'm fine." Kon squeezes Tim's hand and leans in to kiss Tim. It's sloppy because he kind of misses, at first, but then Tim grabs the back of his head and kisses back and just sort of... clings to him.

Tim breaks the kiss to drag his mouth along Kon's cheek, sighing in his ear. Kon can't help rocking against him, and Tim rocks back, and *fuck* but Kon is hard. 

"Heh." He can feel Tim smiling against his cheek, and then all he can focus on is Tim's *strong* hand wrapped around his dick. 

"Shit," Kon manages to gasp out, and then Tim is moving and Kon is moving and somehow things end up so that Kon is sprawled on his back, Tim perching on top of him. Kon's feet are tangled up in the bedsheets.

Tim's hand is still on Kon's dick, squeezing him through Kon's pants. The pants that *really* need to not be on him anymore. "What do you want?"

 

"I--fuck, Tim." Kon laughs weakly, and then... he blinks. "Dude. Are you--is that a Superman t-shirt?"

Tim makes an impatient noise and strips off his shirt in one smooth motion, tossing it on the floor. "Not anymore."

And that's so a line straight out of porn, and Kon wants to laugh but Tim's hand is on his dick again. And, thank *god,* he's undoing Kon's fly and pushing his pants and boxers down. Kon whimpers and pushes up into Tim's hand, which is of course when Tim takes his hand away.

"What do you *want?*" Tim is giving him the 'stop screwing around during training' look, which Kon thinks is just not fair right now.

"I--fuck, anything." Tim just raises an eyebrow at that, and Kon thinks faster. "Fuck. I want to fuck you."

"Hmm." Tim slides his hands up underneath Kon's t-shirt, playing with his nipples. He doesn't look sleepy anymore. "Okay."

Kon grins. "Okay?" He runs his hands up Tim's thighs, and when Tim smiles he looks almost... shy.

"Yeah. Okay."

Tim pushes Kon's shirt up and over his head, and Kon uses his TTK to get his pants and briefs off as fast as superhumanly possible. They kind of tear a bit, but he's worlds away from caring. And then, *then* he can roll them over and kiss Tim some more--but before he gets the chance, Tim twists out of his grip and turns over, onto his stomach.

And Kon has the same view that he had before, when Tim was asleep, except that Tim's naked now. Naked and sweaty and arching his ass up a little and *naked,* and Kon is running his hands up and over Tim's thighs, over his ass and cleft before he can even think about it.

"There's lotion," Tim says, his voice sounding strange, muffled by the pillow. "On the nightstand--or somewhere--"

"No," Kon says, distracted by