swallows her nervousness as she knocks on his door.  He calls for her to come in, and when she enters he is sitting with his back to her, staring motionless at his fireplace.

Gwen arranges the hot stones at the foot of his bed, and she has turned to leave when he finally speaks.

"You're Morgana's maid."

"Yes."  She supposes it makes sense that he'd recognize her, and also that he wouldn't bother to learn her name.

"You're what, fifteen?  Sixteen?"  He stands and faces her, his hands clasped behind his back, and despite the briskness of his voice, he looks very young.

"Sixteen, my lord."

"My age."  He mutters something that she doesn't catch, and his head bows.  "Tell me, do you think you could lead men into battle?"

He doesn't sound as if he's speaking to her--he sounds like he's speaking to someone far away, or perhaps to himself.  "I couldn't say, my lord."  

"Well, why don't you say anyway, just for argument's sake," he says, an edge to his voice, and Gwen breathes in through her nose.  

If the prince were Morgana, she would reply by asking him if he thought he could wait on someone else, hand and foot, for the rest of his life starting at age thirteen.  But she's well aware that he is not Morgana.  "I don't think I could, then."

He looks her directly in the eye.  "You don't think you could?"

Gwen has no idea what kind of conversation this is.  "No, my lord."

He looks away, and Gwen breathes.  "No," he says, his voice now sour.  "No, of course you don't think you could.  Morgana doesn't think I can, does she?"

"It's not my place to say."  The reply comes automatic and immediate, and for a moment Gwen is surprised at how instinctual some rules of court life have become.  

Arthur snorts.  "Men are going to die.  Depending on my decisions, more or less of them will die."

Gwen hesitates.  "Yes," she says slowly.  "That's true, but.  But I think it's a good sign that you're thinking this way, sir."

He turns to look at her, eyes narrowed.  "How so?"

Gwen can feel her heart thudding in her chest.  She wouldn't dare to speak this freely to most nobles she didn't already know, but she still remembers that night with Sir Christopher two years ago, whether or not the prince does.  "Many commanders wouldn't even take the deaths under their command into consideration."

"Oh, you don't think so?"  the prince says, glaring.  "We hold our knights to a chivalrous code, Guinevere."

She doesn't let the surprise of hearing her name show on her face.  "Then it is good that you're holding yourself to that same code.  That's all I'm trying to say."

He continues to stare at her.  "Do you think I'll make a decent commander?"

How the hell is she supposed to know that?  And how does she answer without it seeming like she's just saying what she knows she ought to say to her superior?  She smiles at him, as much as she can.  "I know that the king wouldn't have given you this if he didn't believe you would make a good commander."

The prince scoffs.  "That's not what I asked.  Do you think I'm up to this?"

"Yes.  Yes, my lord, I truly do."  She meets his eyes and doesn't look away, feeling almost dizzy. The prince's eyes seem to be trying to pierce her, sharp and hot, and she wonders if he's going to ask something else of her.  Right now, in this moment, she thinks that she would give it.

But the prince looks away, and Gwen does as well.  "Very well then," he mutters, and waves a hand towards the door.  "You may go."

She turns to leave, and the mumbled "thank you" comes as her hand is on the door.  She's certain that she wasn't supposed to hear, so she leaves without hesitating.  

Prince Arthur is gone from the castle by the end of the week, and Gwen doesn't tell anyone about their conversation.

***

That winter is long, cold, and dark.  Most of the men are off at war, and Morgana is clearly restless.  But beyond that, she starts acting cagey and strange around Gwen, alternately cold or warm and friendly, cheerful or moody.  Morgana's never been picky about Gwen's tasks before, but now she's snappish and easily annoyed--Gwen never seems to be able to do anything right.  

Gwen