Faith laughs again. Which... was a mistake. Fuck.

Buffy's eyes narrow. "There are better times for this." 

"No day but today," Faith jokes, and she and Buffy both know it's a feeble argument. But Faith still has a hand down inside Buffy's wet panties, and she presses a knuckle against Buffy's clit.

Buffy gasps, her mouth falling open in the way that makes Faith forget everything but sex. Makes her want Buffy on her knees, that mouth right where it should be--

Faith grinds her knuckle a little bit, and Buffy's knees buckle. She's clinging to Faith, fuck *yeah,* and Faith has to remind herself to stop crowing in triumph and kneel down already. The grass is damp and feels weird against the leather of her pants, and she can smell the musty stone of the headstone. She presses her face against the crease between Buffy's thigh and stomach (what little there is; girl is *scary* skinny) and can smell Buffy, too, that sharp/sweet smell that means sex, and Faith gets Buffy's pants around her hips in record time. She licks her through the soaked fabric, and Buffy's frustrated groan vibrates all over her body.

Faith smirks up at her and smacks her lips lewdly, obviously, ignoring Buffy's impatient frown. She peels her panties down and wonders if Angel did this to her, if they had a chance to do anything but the most vanilla stuff before he went all psycho evil vamp. Faith would like to think she's Buffy's first, at least with this; she doesn't have many illusions left, but the ones she has she's determined to keep.

She barely flicks her tongue over her pubic hair, still teasing, before going in deep, sliding her tongue between the lips of her labia and tasting, drinking. The muscles in Buffy's legs tighten under Faith's hands, moreso when Faith digs her nails in--just a little bit. She slides her tongue out and then in again, deep deep deep, out and in. She can feel the sticky sweetness of Buffy's cunt getting all over her face and dirtying her up, and she doesn't pull back until it gets hard to breathe.

She grins up at Buffy, flips her hair out of her face and leans down again, sucking on her clitoris this time. Small and nubby thing that feels like it fills Faith's whole mouth, thrumming and humming with energy. Faith sucks and bites lightly at it, and Buffy, god--Buffy makes those sex kitten noises. The kind she makes when she's fighting for her life (*their* lives), and Faith has to reach a hand down to press against her own mound. Her other hand is tightening on Buffy's thigh, squeezing the same rhythm as Faith's tongue lapping at Buffy's clitoris. 

Buffy's sounds are getting longer, louder, and her hips are moving against Faith's mouth slowly and rhythmically, like--like waves or something. A Buffy ocean flooding into Faith's mouth, and when Faith moves her hand and shoves three fingers hard up inside her, Buffy comes. She grabs at Faith's hair, twisting and hurting, and Faith can feel her orgasm throbbing against her face. Suffocating.

Faith leans back when Buffy's hold on her hair loosens. She leans back until she falls on her ass, hooking her hands behind Buffy's thighs and pulling her down on top of her, clumsy and bony. She kisses her again, shoves her tongue into Buffy's mouth like she shoved it into her cunt. And Buffy likes it, sucks on her tongue and presses her hips down against Faith's. Faith giggles into Buffy's mouth and pushes at her shoulders, wiggling her hips and hoping Buffy gets the picture.

Which she does. Buffy giggles back and then slides down Faith's body, all predatory Slayer grace. She struggles a little with Faith's tight pants and rips them a little, breathes 'sorry' like Faith gives a shit. And god, those lips and mouth right *on* her, licking eagerly when Faith bucks her hips, nibbling and sucking and *fuck*--

Buffy hears it first, the crunch of leaves between feet and the loud murmur-whispers of people who really suck at being stealthy. She sits up (away from Faith) with super-human speed, fear and shame in her eyes before Willow calls out "Buffy? You out here?", before the scooby gang rounds the corner.

Faith curses softly between her teeth, but Buffy is already standing up and doing up her pants, wiping her mouth, pulling down her shirt. Faith fumbles to tug up and zip up her tight pants. 

"We just dusted two vamps," Buffy announces, stake in her hand. Of course. Smart little Buffy: perfect excuse for why they're mussed up and sweaty. Faith stands up, tries to wipe her mouth (her *face,*