he did when he got here was give a lecture on how our society would be so much better if we sent our children off to marry trousermen and have trousermen  children in order to make our children's children have whiter skin. Because the whiter our skin, the more like trousermen  we are, the better we'll be!"

Mau stopped, getting red in the face. He was glaring at Daphne like he was daring her to agree with Galton.

Daphne sighed. "That sounds like something an Englishman would say, unfortunately. I wasn't aware that the Society endorsed such dreck, though."

"That's not the worst of it. Without asking me or any of the members of the council, he started enlisting people in his experiments. Except he didn't tell us that they were experiments. He would tell people that he just wanted to ask some questions, to better understand our people.  This was a lie--or at least, it was not the entire truth.  He was asking questions that were difficult to answer, things most of our people would have no way of knowing. When I found out and confronted him about it, he admitted that these tests were part of a system he has come up with to test our worth, especially our intelligence.  He told me that the work he is doing on this island could greatly aid his study of ‘heredity’ and the improvement of the race. He is writing a book about how a society can improve itself by discouraging people with undesirable qualities, as measured by him, from having children, while encouraging those with desirable qualities to have children with each other, and thus advance the race as a whole.”

Mau laughed, not a happy sound. “Now, what do you imagine he meant by this? Do you think he meant that trousermen should invite us into their homes in order to pass down our many gifts to trousermen children? Or do you think he means that everything we are is an undesirable quality, and that the surest way to improve our society is to make sure that our children have lighter skin than we do?”

Daphne was quiet, looking down at the ground.  After a few moments Mau came to sit down next to her, their knees touching.  

“I’m very sorry,” she said eventually. “His ideas sound awful.”

Mau sighed and rubbed his forward, looking much older than he actually was. “If he wants to spread his insulting ideas around the world, I can’t stop him.  But I will not let him enlist our nation in his experiments, I will not let him use us as evidence for his delusions.”

“I don’t blame you,” Daphne said. “But the rest of the Society--”

“If this is what the Royal Society wants to use us for, then I don’t want them on this island. I’m sorry, Daphne--I know that it’s important to you that the world gets to see what our ancestors did. But I have to do right by my people.”

“And I’d never ask you to do otherwise! Believe me, I want what’s best for them, too. But I just...” Daphne felt miserable. How could she argue in favor of the Royal Society after what Mau had just told her? 

“I think that our scientists have the potential to be better,” she said, carefully. “In fact, my entire country needs to be better, we can’t just keep trying to conquer everyone forever. I think my father is figuring that out, and his ministers don’t like it but they’re coming around to his side. It’s slow, but things are changing in our government.  It’s not enough--our scientists need to change, too, especially after what you’ve told me about Galton. And I think that The Nation is a crucial part of that change.”

“Perhaps,” Mau said. “But how do you know that your scientists won’t change for the worse?”

Daphne groaned. “I don’t! I don’t know, maybe you and I were just being naive when we came up with this whole plan.  Maybe it’s not possible that any sort of dealings between your people and mine could lead to good things for the Nation. I feel awful about it, I really do.”

Mau reached out and touched Daphne’s shoulder, giving it a reassuring squeeze. “This is not your fault, and you don’t have to fix everything right now.  Yes, things have been difficult for me here, but seeing you again--it’s good,” he said, sounding a bit awkward at the end. But he didn’t take his hand off her shoulder, and Daphne smiled at him, grateful.

“I feel so much better being here than I did back home,” she admitted. “Have I told you that they’ve forced me to go off to a horrible school? I have no friends and all my teachers are so serious and they’re very strict about