she was seventeen at the time!" Pete protests.  He opens his mouth to argue further, and shuts it again.  "Can't you just be happy for me?" he finishes lamely.

"No," Patrick says, shoving past him.  "I'll be watching your back instead," he calls out over his shoulder.

Pete leans against the wall and scrubs his palms over his face.  "I can smell you, you know," he says, and Gerard comes out from around the corner.

"He's really concerned about you," Gerard says, a small smile on his face.  His hair's still wet, combed behind his ears; he must be coming up from the showers.  "It's sweet."

"He didn't mean that stuff about you," Pete lies.

Gerard's smile turns into a grin.  "Yeah, he did.  Come on, he's right about me in a lot of ways."  Gerard touches Pete's elbow, thumb brushing over his skin.  "I like killing vampires more than is probably healthy."

"Are we going to turn this into a competition?  Who has a bigger hard-on for revenge?  I think I could take you."  

Gerard leans his head on Pete's shoulder, tilting so that his face is pressed against Pete's neck.  "It doesn't matter.  You're not one of them to me."  

"Changed your mind on that awfully fast," Pete can't help muttering.

But Gerard doesn't get angry or hurt; he laughs.  "I know," he says, lifting his head up again, a slightly miserable look on his face.  "I don't really know what happened.  I feel like you've de-clawed me or something."

"I'm holding myself back from making a fang joke right here," Pete says.  "I just want you to know that."

Gerard kisses him and it's warm, dry and comforting until Pete parts his lips and it starts pulling at him, becomes urgent.  Pete threads his fingers through Gerard's hair.  He can smell his shampoo, he can smell fear and attraction, he can smell himself on Gerard from last night--both his sweat and his blood, from almost 24 hours ago.  For once the heightened senses don't unnerve him: he wants to absorb as much of Gerard as possible, on every level, close as he can.  

Pete whines when Gerard pulls back, and leans forward to try and get his mouth again, but Gerard pushes him against a wall with a hand on his shoulder.  His tongue flicks out to lick his lips, and then Gerard is going to his knees, shaking his hair out of his eyes as he looks up at Pete.

"Someone could come around the corner at any minute," Pete says, even though his hips are already tilting forward, betraying his good sense.

"Most of them are out, and Patrick isn't going to be coming back this way anytime soon," Gerard says, unbuckling Pete's belt and getting his pants down.  His teeth flash white in a smile when he pulls Pete's cock out, half-hard before Gerard leans down and sucks with his eyes closed.

Pete sucks breaths in and presses his palms flat against the wall, trying to keep the noise buried in his throat as Gerard kisses and licks before going down again, as determined in this as he is in everything else.  Gerard is--he's beautiful, his lips around Pete's cock and his eyelashes casting shadows on his cheeks and the expression on his face.  His hands are on Pete's hips and sides, rubbing occasionally at his skin, and Pete reaches down to touch Gerard's fingers, catch his hand and hold it.  He lets a gasp out when Gerard goes down far enough that he chokes before coming back up, pulling off to breathe and look up.

"You," Pete says, feeling exceptionally stupid.  "Uh, fuck."

Gerard laughs again and Pete is filled with the sudden urge to have Gerard laugh like that against Pete's stomach, giggle into Pete's bellybutton.  He concentrates on the idea, wanting to remember it for later, as Gerard mouths the head and slides up and down the shaft, bringing Pete closer to the edge until he slips over it, hips thrust up and banging the back of his head against the wall, groaning loud now.

"I usually don't do that before I've had coffee," Gerard says, leaning back.  "You've got me all twisted up and backwards."

Pete reaches out a hand to pull Gerard up before bothering to get his pants back on.  "It's mutual," is all he can manage before kissing Gerard again and tasting himself there.

***

Brian got a lead on the actual location of the gang of vampire drop-outs in late December, but they decided against making a move on them immediately.  They've been watching the gang for weeks instead, observing them in shifts, and it'