, the ball of arousal in his gut threatening to break with every rough drag of Liam’s palm against him.

There are actual flames licking over the walls behind Liam’s back as Liam chokes out a soft moan, hips fucking up towards Zayn’s hand. He doesn't say anything, only shifts a palm over Liam’s back with hope his cold fingers will ease him.

“Good?” Zayn hiccups out as Liam’s lips shift over his.

“Very,” Liam whispers, biting sharply at his bottom lip as he moans. “Can I -?”

“What?” Zayn breathes as Liam’s fingers slip away from him, stilling the movement of his own. Anticipation rocks through him as Liam’s fingers trace down his hips before he is lowering himself down and onto his knees.

“Oh,” Zayn blurts as Liam’s fingers curl around him. There is a shy look in his eyes before he nudges forward, his lips obscene the way they part over the head.

He has to look away as an overwhelmed feeling takes over him as Liam’s mouth wraps around the tip of his prick. The flames have disappeared, but the feeling of them ghosts over his limbs. His fingers slide over Liam’s head as he chances another look down, a moan ripping from his throat as he eyes the stretch of Liam’s lips, the flutter of his eyelashes around his brows and the way his prick slowly slips further into Liam’s mouth.

“Oh, fuck, Liam,” Zayn moans quietly as Liam’s tongue rubs underneath him. A tremor rocks through him as Liam moans into it. He grips Liam’s jaw, dragging his thumb over the coarse head there as Liam sink lower. “Can you?”

Liam’s dark eyes flick up to him as he pulls off, tongue flicking out to drag across the tip. The cool sweeps up his spine but he swallows it down. “Can you um, touch yourself.”

Liam’s eyes flutter back closed as he wraps his lips back around him, sucking softly as he reaches down between his legs. It is only a breath later that the slick sound of Liam’s hand working his prick sounds through the room, echoing loudly in his ears.

“C’mere,” Zayn huffs out desperately, digging his fingers into Liam’s shoulder until his pulls off. A flame flickers in his eyes as he stands, lips knocking against his immediately. He groans into it, hips knocking into the movement of his hand until Liam’s fingers curl back around him.

“Liam,” Zayn breathes, fingers tickling over the other man’s length. The flames return against the wall as he take Liam’s dick into his hand, thumb rubbing under the slippery head. The words he wants to speak are at the tip of his tongue but he chokes out a moan instead, feeling the ball of pleasure growing in his navel.

“Gonna,” Liam chokes out, head tilting back as Zayn’s teeters close to his own release. The flames lick over Liam’s neck as well, tickling at his jaw and Zayn doesn't think about it before he glides his hand over it.

It doesn't burn, but he gasps loudly as he comes, streaking out over Liam’s fingers. Liam's knock against his own to muffle the sound, his body tensing and trembling as he rests his weight against him, pushing him hard against the wall.

Zayn kisses him through it, savoring every moan shuddered against his tongue as Liam comes. He wants to print each moan into his memory, write poems on how beautiful a sound it is if he could ever find the right words to describe it. It rushes through him, like the flames licking over his knuckles.

“Zayn,” Liam breathes, sliding his hands over his hips to press them properly together. He flicks his eyes open and Zayn tries not to gasp at the actual flames in his eyes.

“Liam,” Zayn repeats, dragging his thumb over his bottom lip as he tries to calm the static of pleasure still making his body tremble and his chest fall and rise at a quick place.

“We did it.”

Zayn blurts out a laugh as he curls his arms around Liam's shoulders and smothers kisses to his lips. The flames on the wall slowly sink away, leaving no sign that they were even there.

“You're such a cornball,” Zayn whispers fondly, warming his palm over Liam’s sweat covered abdomen.

“You love me,” Liam murmurs, tucking his finger under Zayn's chin to lift it. Zayn stills, wondering if Liam even realized he said the word he said. “You okay?”

Zayn nods, shifting a smile over his lips. “Never better.”

It takes them awhile to pull themselves away from each other enough to pull their close back on, wash their hands and leave. The red never leaves Liam’s face, even when they step outside into the cool autumn air. It clings to him too, as he wonders if he should tell Liam about the fire