him, warming the skin of his back, shoving his shirt into his armpits before running down his spine and gripping onto his bum. His thumbs dig into the inside of his thighs as he moves his hands down the back of them.

It makes him nervous, spread out bare in front of Liam like this. But that flicker of anxiety is drowned out by the pleasure that rolls through him as Liam peppers kisses over his spine, his hands massaging his bare skin.

Zayn jerks his hips back roughly, earning a soft laugh from Liam before he disappears from behind him.

He can hear Liam's footsteps but the bed and his position keeps him from seeing him. He hears the sound of their nightstand drawer opening and closing before Liam speaks again.

“Thought I was goin’ mad it felt so good to be inside of you.”

Zayn buries his face into the crook of his elbow, his face burning. The first time Liam had said anything like that to him he thought he was going to die. It had been whispered in his ear, around their band mates. Liam had been quiet and the others were too drunk to notice, but Zayn had gotten so hot he felt like Liam lit a flame on his skin.

Liam has said many things to him since, but that flame on his skin still burns just as hot.

“You looked it, your eyes get blown out and shocked looking whenever you come.”

Liam's chuckle is hoarse as Zayn feels him kneel behind him again. He presses against him, his hands roaming over his sides, and Zayn bites down onto his arm as he feels Liam's cloth covered cock press between his cheeks.

“You look like you're being exorcised.”

“Shut up,” Zayn laughs, rolling his hips back and making Liam’s fingers dig into his hips harshly in retaliation, “And get on with it.”

“Joking, joking.” The sound of a bottle opening makes Zayn’s heart leap and he pleads silently that Liam doesn't drag it out like he does sometimes. His prick hangs hard and heavy between his legs, his body tensed with need. He doesn’t think he could handle Liam dragging it out.

“You always look beautiful,” Liam says so quietly he can barely hear it over the distant music. Another song he doesn’t know, but the sound of Liam’s voice is more familiar to him than his own.

Liam’s slick hands spread over his cheeks, the pad of his thumb dipping dangerously close to his hole. “But that is definitely one of my favorite looks of yours.”

Zayn tenses more as Liam rubs his thumb over him. The first time Liam had stretched him open, the first intrusion of a finger felt so uncomfortable he didn't understand how Liam enjoyed it so much. But Liam took his time, until Zayn’s whole body shook with the need for more.

And when Liam first slid his prick into him, Zayn had thought embarrassingly he wasn't going to last more than a few strokes before he painted Liam’s belly with come.

“I was in the studio thinking about those little noises you make,” Liam goes on casually, only a slight tightness in his voice revealing any effect this has on him.

Zayn moans under his breath, the sound muffled into his arm as the tip of Liam’s finger presses into him. He fights himself not to push his hips back. He has been too eager before, not waiting for Liam to stretch him properly, and that had hurt.

“Like that,” Liam groans, “Bit embarrassing really getting a stiff while at work.”

Zayn’s laugh comes out strangled and louder than he intended as Liam’s finger moves further. He wishes he could see Liam’s face then as the sound of a moan rumbles in the other man’s throat.

“Touchin’ yourself?” Zayn asks. He pushes up on his hands, supporting himself better to move back against Liam's touch. He can’t see anything other than Liam’s gaze looking down when he looks over his shoulder.

“I can't help it. Seein’ you like this -”

Liam falters as if he lost his words. His fingers jerk against him, the second prodding against his hole.

“Don't. Touch me instead,” Zayn begs quietly, closing his eyes to better imagine what Liam looks like with a hand around his prick and his eyes intent on Zayn, legs spread wide with his fingers working him open.

Zayn spreads his legs further apart, waiting for Liam to understand. Liam is quiet a moment, working the second finger beside the first before the warmth of his slick palm slides between his legs.

Zayn's head falls as Liam cups his balls, massaging gently before sliding his hand over the length of his cock. He thumbs at the head, lapping up the drops of precome pebbling out.

“Want me?” Liam asks huskily, his fingers curling around his shaft as the fingers of his other hands dance deeper inside of him. Liam mouths at the round of his bum