is something intoxicating about the sight of Andrew’s hands spreading over Kevin’s body. Whether it is hot and heavy, or simple touches like the tickle of Andrew’s fingers at the low of his back. It makes Neil feel like a furnace has set off inside of his body. 





“Did you see that?” Kevin says, breaking the silence between them. Neil jolts from the sudden sound of his voice.





“What?” Kevin asks, nose wrinkling in confusion. Neil still can't decide if he is even aware of the way he slides his hand underneath the material of his croptop, or the way it makes a flame ignite low in Neil’s belly. 





He does that sometimes, teases to see who will break and make the first move. 





Neil shifts so his body is turned towards Kevin. “How many times are we going to watch this game?”





Offense crosses Kevin’s face as he lurches his hand out to indicate the television. “This 

game

-”





Neil sighs, reaching out cup his hand around the side of Kevin’s neck so he feels the jump of his pulse under his palm. He warms his thumb over Kevin’s Adam’s Apple, making Kevin’s words die in his throat.





“Is going to be watched tomorrow too,” Neil reminds him as he pushes up on his knees to slowly crawl towards Kevin without removing his touch from his neck. “Remember? We weren’t a full team today.”





Kevin’s hands knock against Neil’s abdomen as he crawls over him. Neil presses his knees into the bean bag around Kevin’s legs, his other hand coming up to slide at the back of Kevin’s neck. He dips his fingers under the back of Kevin’s collar, feeling the tense of muscles that wrap around his shoulders. 





“Those who were there didn’t even pay attention today,” Kevin tells him, voice dropping into a quiet tone as his fingers slide over Neil’s hips to keep him sat on his lap. There had been an event on campus, and it had been a struggle just to get Matt and Nicky there. “They must get it from their captain.”





Neil presses his thumb under Kevin’s chin so his head tilts up. He ignores that comment, because it is Kevin's damn fault he can't pay attention. “Lay back.”





Kevin shifts almost immediately, so his body scooches down the bean bag enough that he is almost laying down. It isn’t the most comfortable, but the bean bag is big enough to hold the both of them. And like this, Neil has better access to warm one of his hands over Kevin’s bare stomach.





“If we lose this game,” Kevin goes on as Neil parts his lips over his, hovering close enough that he can feel Kevin’s breath against his lips. The hitch in Kevin’s breath betrays his faked irritation. 





“We won’t,” Neil whispers. He kisses Kevin once, lips wrapping around his lower lip to suck on it softly before he pulls away. “But if we do, I”ll make it up to you.”





Kevin’s skin is hot to the touch as Neil explores his torso, feeling every hard line and curve. It contrasts with the softness of his mouth. His lips full, and wet and gentle when they mold against Neil’s. It sends a flutter down Neil’s spine, that grows as Kevin’s tongue presses against his lips. 





Kevin mimics the movements of his hands, moving them up Neil’s spine as Neil moves his up Kevin’s chest. His fingers dig in to his shoulders a bit when Neil slides a nail over Kevin’s nipple. The soft moan Kevin lets out is so quiet he feels it more than hears it, the taste of it addicting. 





“Make it up to me tomorrow,” Kevin says breathlessly, head knocking back to allow Neil access to run his lips over Kevin’s throat. He lets a quiet moan as Neil’s teeth press down, his fingers pressing in harder to Neil’s skin. 





“The game isn’t for two days,” Neil says before running an apologetic tongue over the teeth shaped indents on Kevin’s neck. He can feel Kevin shiver underneath him. 





“Watch the game tomorrow with the other half of the team,” Kevin goes on as if Neil had never spoken.





The television lets out a buzzing sound. Someone scored. He shifts, hovering his face over Kevin’s again. Kevin grips Neil’s hips to grind them down against his own, pulling out a shattered breath from Neil.





“USC just scored,” Neil says, knocking his nose against Kevin’s. “I don’t need to watch it. I know it by heart.”





“That’s the hottest thing you’ve ever said,” Kevin says with a look so serious that laughter explodes in Neil’s chest. He smothers it against Kevin’s lips as the door to their dorm flies open.





Neil doesn’t stop kissing