belly swoop, and he lets out a breathless laugh that must sound nervous because Liam's voice softens, fingers rubbing at the tendons on the inside of his wrist.

“This okay?”

“Yeah, Liam,” Zayn breathes back without hesitation. He feels as if it might make him shatter across the sheets, but definitely okay. “Fuck.”

Liam slides his lips across Zayn's quickly before tending to his hands. The tie is tight, but not too much, and Liam tugs on it a little with a questioning look that Zayn nods at.

“I'll still find a way to touch you,” Zayn says lowly, grinning as he tries to push up some to capture Liam's lips with his own. It proves to be harder than expected, especially when Liam pulls farther away from him.

“Not like this,” Liam says, and he is leaning forward, tugging on Zayn's wrists again.

Zayn pouts as Liam lets him go but his hands stay in place, harder to move where they hang above his head. He tilts back, taking in the way the tie connects from his wrists to one of the poles in Liam's headboard.

“Babe,” Zayn groans softly, legs spreading out as his dick twitches under Liam. Witty comments strike his thoughts but all he can do is shiver out soft moans as Liam's hands warm down his sides and his tongue rolls down his neck. The urge to touch Liam already seems like too much; to drag his fingers through his curls, scratch at his back or get a grip around his hips - something.

“Gonna make you watch me,” Liam murmurs huskily before nipping at his throat, fingers curling at the waistband of his jeans to tug them down his hips some. “Make m’self come.”

Zayn’s breath is shaky as Liam pulls back to lean across the bed. He keeps his eyes locked on Liam as he hears the other man shuffle around in the drawer before producing an opened bottle of lube.

“Gonna finger y’self? Even though you like my fingers better?”

Liam presses his lips tightly together as he nods. He falls back between Zayn's legs, showing off his bunched up belly and bare, toned thighs, the white fabric of his briefs and how they barely hide the hard of his cock. It is obscene, watching the way Liam cups himself, groaning lowly before he drops the bottle of lube onto the bed to wiggle the material off.

Zayn pulls against the restraints like a habit as Liam's dick slaps wetly against his navel. His legs spread, over Zayn's, giving him a full view of the vein on the underside, the flushed color taking over his prick, the dark of his balls and the way his bum rounds as he shifts against the sheets.

Zayn clenches his eyes shut, trying to catch his breath as he hears the cap of the bottle pop open.

“Get proper loose f’ me?”

Liam flicks his eyes up at Zayn, a look of concentration on his reddened face. There is a slight shake in his fingers as he dribbles lube onto himself, messily. Zayn watches every drop slide against his skin before Liam touches himself, fingers tickling down his length.

“Beautiful,” Zayn breathes because he knows that Liam gets nervous like this even if he refuses to tell him so. He has asked Liam to touch himself before, and the lad had looked so overwhelmed, begging Zayn quietly to talk to him while doing so. “Proper hard thinkin’ about my fingers?”

“I like my fingers just fine,” Liam huffs out as he cups his balls, rubbing his fingers against himself. The dim light on reflects against the slick of the lube, sticky on Liam's fingers as he dribbles more onto them. “Don't even need you.”

Zayn makes a displeased noise as he kicks his ankle against Liam's hip. Liam laughs quietly, shaking his head.

“Joking,” he promises, slipping his fingers lower. His legs spread more as he leans back further, resting on an elbow as he slips his fingers between his cheeks.

He over plays it, but Zayn can't complain because he looks so good like this, his lips parted and eyes falling shut as he rubs a finger against himself. Zayn can't see well, but he knows the crease in Liam's brow means he has pushed past the rim.

Fuck, Zayn moves his hips up like his jeans are enough to relieve the pressure building between his legs. It doesn't, and Liam had moved his jeans down enough that they barely cover his cock. He strains against his briefs, soaking the material as he watches Liam fuck his finger into himself, a tension taking over his thighs.

He always trembles when Zayn gets his fingers into him, even if they have just started. It is like he craves the feel, craves getting fucked and Zayn is more than happy to satiate his need. He wants to now, nails digging into his palms in frustration because he wants to touch Liam so fucking bad.

He drags his toes