at Ned’s apartment, because it is less empty than his own. It is Zayn’s fault, probably, since he hasn’t put up any decorations and he hasn’t bought that much furniture. He doesn’t see the point of decoration nor having a lot of furniture if only one person lives there. But he likes Ned’s apartment for those reasons. It looks lived in more than his own.

He likes being in the back of the pub too, even if he sips slowly at one drink all night. He likes the crowd and the music and being surrounded by it all. He doesn’t care if he sits quietly to himself listening to Ned chat up some girl, or if he is part of the conversation too.

He just likes being surrounded by life.

Especially when his mind is busy with Whispers and blockers, the fact that there are people out there just like him. Thousands of people and clusters and he never knew about it until now.

Normally he never cares about other people’s problems because he has too many of his own to worry about, but he finds himself worried about a girl in Mexico City because of her obsession with hacking computers and saying fuck off to the law. He gets angry when her mother calls Yesenia by her birth name, and refuses to speak to the girl that Yesenia loves with a force that Zayn has never felt before.

He worries about Asha in Nairobi because all she does is good but there is always a target on her back. He hates how dry her mouth is and that she will offer the little water she has to someone else before taking the sip herself. His heart aches every time he slides his fingers over her mother’s hot forehead. He feels the way he feels about his own sisters every time he looks at her. Protective. And he kind of hates that too because he doesn’t quite get the relationship between the sensates enough to trust that he will be able to protect her always.

And Seung in Seoul, who sits in a prison cell all day and night with a mind busier than his own. Who listens to silence all day, only interrupted by the heavy thump of guard’s boots and barely talks to any of them when they visit. He only ever asks them to stay, and Zayn understands, because he had always hated being alone.

Zayn can be alone now though, anywhere and anytime, while still being surrounded by so much life and he is worried about all of it.

“What’s on your mind, love?”

Soft fingers slide across the stubble on his jaw. Too soft of fingers, but he still hopes to see Liam’s face there even though the voice is wrong and Liam never touches him.

It isn’t Liam, and Zayn takes another sip of his drink. He isn’t good with time zones, and he isn’t quite sure what time it is where Liam is. Sometimes at night it is light there, and sometimes it is light at the same time. He doesn't know if he is at work or at the gym or hanging out with the girls he is always with. Platonic, he thinks, but he can't help the flare of jealousy.

Liam gets flustered when they flirt. His cheeks get fidgety and he seems at a loss for words. He is the same with Zayn, sometimes, but he doesn’t push Zayn’s hand away like he does with those girls so Zayn takes it as a good sign.  

“Life,” Zayn tells the woman as he places the cup back on the table. He turns and she doesn’t hesitate to stand between the spread of his legs. She is pretty with hair that reminds him of Elena, long and dark, and the same, always half confident half flirty smile that Kiran wears.

“Want a dance? Forget about life?”

The girl’s hand slips down his throat, over his pulse. The sensates are always on his mind, but he swears there is a constant repeat of Liam, Liam, Liam in the back of his brain.

“Alright love,” Zayn says, slipping a hand over her waist. It is stronger than expected, thicker than it had appeared a moment ago.

The sky is still light in America, but the cooler air signals nightfall is coming. Zayn smells something sweet like chocolate cooking in the small kitchen, and under the thump of techno music playing at the bar, he can hear the beat of some pop song on the radio.

Soft hands curl around his neck and a thin body presses up against his front, but the strong hands on his neck and the heavier, wider body against him takes most of his attention. He smells perfume and cologne, sweat and the clean scent of soap.

There is a gasp against his lips that tastes like chocolate and alcohol. He doesn’t know which song he is moving his body to, the one in the bar or the one in Liam’s kitchen.

Liam and him don’t move in the kitchen, they stand with their foreheads pressed