’s safety. And the freedom to touch Zayn without worry is in the back of his mind, but it is too selfish of a thought to bring forward.





As if Zayn can hear his thoughts, a clearing of the throat has Liam turning to find Zayn in his doorway.





Liam has blurted out that Zayn is beautiful before, to his own embarrassment, but he can’t help it. He has never met anyone as beautiful, or known a man with such softness and delicacy but such a strength mixed in. 

Mo duinne

, his dark haired lad. 





“I don’t know your name,” Zayn says as a greeting. He crosses his arms over his chest. There is a hesitancy in him to come forward so Liam stays where he stands as well. His hair is fluffy from laying down, stuck to his forehead. His dark eyelashes flutter over his cheekbones. They are longer and thicker than Liam has ever seen on anyone.





“Payne. Liam James Geoffrey Horan Payne.”





Zayn lets out a loud snort. “Zayn Payne. Huh, that sounds horrid.”





Some of the tension seeps away from Liam. He likes it a lot actually, more than he would ever admit. He has never thought he would be married, he has nothing to give other than himself and a home he cannot return to, but the more he sits with the idea the more he likes it.





“Zayn Gibbons isna music to the ear.”





Zayn grins. His eyes crinkle when he does. Liam likes the way his eyes squint and his nose scrunches up when he laughs. Sometimes the tip of his tongue presses into the corner of his mouth and it is distracting. Liam has never been distracted so easily in his life. “No, I suppose it isn’t.”





“Liam Brannan?” Liam suggests.





Zayn shakes his head with a serious expression. “No.” He watches Liam for a long moment before speaking again. “Did you agree to this?”





Liam hesitates. “Aye.”





It seems to be the right answer as Zayn relaxes visibly. “I was just making sure Niall wasn’t punishing you for letting me escape and then 

not

 punishing me for it.”





Liam could laugh at that. Niall had told him to punish Zayn, ordered him to actually, even gave him the belt to do it, but he couldn’t. He would do anything if it meant having something of his older brother. 





And the idea of Zayn being harmed, in any way, makes him feel like he has poison inside of him.





“I give ye my word, Sassenach. It is not a punishment for me.”





He watches the flash of white between Zayn’s lips as he drags his teeth over his bottom lip. He had thought Zayn was going to kiss him the night before with the way he had been touching him. He had never been so affected by a simple touch like that one on his arms, even when Zayn has touched his bare skin before.





He wanted Zayn last night, badly. It was hard not to crush Zayn against the wall until he could feel just how badly he wanted him. He had to take himself into his hand before returning to the pub, and then drink whiskey until his thoughts of Zayn burned away. 





That had been his mistake, and there is a thought in the far back of his mind that that had been Zayn’s plan.





“Does it bother you I’m not a virgin?”





The question brings Liam’s attention away from the thought of Zayn the night before. “No. Does it bother you that I am one?” 





Zayn hesitates for a moment, as if he is surprised, but he responds with a shake of his head. “No.” His eyes linger on him for a moment before he turns to leave. “Goodnight, Mister Payne.”





Liam bows slightly, hand resting over his belly. “Goodnight, Sassenach.”



Thank you so much a thousand times over again! I hope you enjoy this chapter it was one of my favorites to write!! Love you all mwah


“Do I really have to wear a kilt?”




Harry looks up from where he kneels before Zayn, stitching a hem around the bottom of the kilt. A lot of the men are bigger than Zayn, taller and broader. He could wrap the kilt around himself twice and it would still be too big. 





“Well, I suppose ye dinna have to but Liam was verra clear about wanting a proper wedding. Ye could ask him. These are O’Braonain colors here. Ye dinna ken yer family, but I thought maybe ye would like it.”





Zayn lets out a long sigh in response. He doesn’t want to see Liam. They have barely spoken about it, but what else is there to say? “I like it a lot, Harry, thank you. Do all the men go bare underneath?”





“Oh, aye,” Harry chuckles.





Zayn feels his face grow hot. The night before his escape he had wanted to pull Liam until their hips were pressed up against each other. There would have only been the thin material of