have to walk with his head down. He opened the room closest to the stairwell and showed that it was a good size with four beds and a cot made up in it. 

“I figured this one would be best for any guards that came along since it is the closest one to the door in case of an attack,” Dorian said, and Sera peered curiously around the doorway. 

“This house have those fancy passageways for the slaves?” she asked. 

“Ah, yes,” Dorian answered warily. 

Sera bolted into the room and pulled at the tapestries and wall hangings before making a happy noise and plopping down on the bed directly next to the one she’d just peeked under. 

“I’ll take this one,” she said cheerily. 

“If I find buckets of water in my doorways or fish hidden in the walls I will send you to sleep out in the tents,” Dorian said, and Sera only smiled wider. 

“Well, I’m definitely going to regret this,” he mumbled to himself, and led Varaad and Vivienne to a room across the hall and one door over. Varaad silently agreed. 

The next room was a smaller one with only two beds big enough for two people, though it had room for cots if needed. Vivienne walked into the room without any prompting and set the small pack she’d pulled off her horse next to the furthest bed from the door. Varaad moved to follow, but Dorian caught his wrist. 

“If you’d like, you can stay in mine,” Dorian said softly, and Varaad’s heart leapt in his throat. 

Dorian had never stayed in Varaad’s room much back in Skyhold—Varaad took up so much room on top of his snoring and being a blanket hog, and Dorian held onto his partners like a little octopus, which wouldn’t be so bad if he didn’t generate so much heat. It seemed like an idea that would cut all this happiness at seeing each other again short. 

Dorian seemed to read his silence accurately though, and he shifted his grip on Varaad’s wrist as he said, “I know, I know, but I missed you. And I had a cot set up there just in case.” 

“Then I will stay with you.” 

They shared a soft kiss in the hallway, nothing with need or anything—just expressing their happiness at seeing each other again, and feeling so full of each other breathing the same air—and then Dorian led them to a door in the very back left, some distance from the front rooms he’d shown to Sera and Vivienne. 

It was dark in the room, the only light coming from the pale moonlight drifting in from the balcony just past a large four poster bed, something that looked orlesian style. As Dorian said there was a wooden cot with a pallet rolled over it just to the side of it, and Varaad dropped his stuff there. He planned to try and sleep with Dorian first, but it was better that he was already prepared to sleep on the cot. 

There was a quiet knock on the doorframe, and Varaad turned to see Miriel again. 

“Excuse me, Masters, but the stew is ready,” she said, and then she was gone. 

A faint growl filled the room in answer, and Varaad would’ve laughed at his stomach’s timing, but something Miriel said and continued to say bothered him. 

“Master?” Varaad asked, catching Dorian’s sleeve to hold him there. “Does Capernia know about this?” 

Dorian scowled and jerked his sleeve out of Varaad’s grip. “Calpernia has no say in how I run my household,” he said tightly. 

Something dark coiled in Varaad’s stomach. That...that wasn’t anywhere close to the answer Varaad wanted to hear, and he shifted nervously, glancing away for a moment. He didn’t know what to say next.

Dorian sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Ah, forgive me, you don’t deserve to have my frustration with Calpernia taken out on you,” he said softly, then added louder, “In any case, Miriel is on my payroll—not a slave—so no need to worry that pretty face of yours.” 

“Then why does she call you ‘Master?’” 

Dorian sighed again. “Her former Master was not very kind and Calpernia relieved him of his slaves. Miriel’s only been working here a short time and I do not wish to add stress trying to get her to stop.” 

The relief that filled Varaad’s body was indescribable. Dorian had said once that slaves were a fact of life in Tevinter, and Varaad was afraid he’d been unwilling to change this, even working with Calpernia. 

The tension may have left Varaad’s body, but Dorian looked no better since starting that particular conversation. He looked tight and stressed, his shoulders pulled up enough to look almost like a turtle and his hands in fists by his side.

Varaad put a cautious hand on Dorian’s shoulder, and grabbed firmly when Dorian didn’t shove him off. His