’d masturbated to it and stuck the pages of his friend’s book together, he’d thought they were about to kiss here—Abram’s fists in Prince Derrick’s shirt and Prince Derrick swimming in the force of Abram’s feelings. He’d had a crush on Abram, looking back, but now that Abram was Dorian, someone he loved wholly, this scene was even worse. 

Varaad’s lips trembled. “I,” he croaked out, but his throat was so dry. Prince Derrick was supposed to say more here, but Varaad couldn’t force it out. 

Abram’s hands had become Dorian’s, gentle and soft and stroking Varaad’s bare throat above his collar in soothing motions. 

“Then you will learn from me,” Abram said, skipping Varaad’s line entirely. He let go of Varaad’s shirt without smoothing out the collar, and Varaad overbalanced slightly without Abram directly in front of him. Abram caught him and righted him, when he should’ve been bending down to pick up his sword—épée, but Varaad couldn’t complain about the inaccuracy; this was just as much Dorian and Varaad as it was Abram and Prince Derrick. 

“Should we not spar first, see who should learn from who?” Varaad asked. 

It was all Dorian who responded. He stood up with the épée and a quirk of his lips that Abram wouldn’t, and rested a hand on Varaad’s chest like he knew it belonged there. 

“Since I only know how to fence and I have no idea if you learned the sword along with the bow and arrow, I don’t think it would do for Abram to lose,” Dorian said. He went up on his tip toes to nose at Varaad’s lips, but didn’t move the extra inch to touch them with his own mouth. It felt right for Varaad and Dorian, but it didn’t for Prince Derrick and Abram. 

Dorian was right, though it was disappointing. There was nothing like their sword fight—the tense back and forth between Abram and Prince Derrick with the fenced in ring being their entire world. Prince Derrick so determined to prove his worth and Abram needing to prove how much he valued the prince had been a theme in many of Varaad’s earliest relationships, though it was often Varaad who was Abram then. Their fight ended with Abram over Prince Derrick, sweat and rain alike running down Abram’s face and onto the prince’s while they both panted in unison; Abram had won. 

Varaad pulled back from Dorian and stepped over the fence and into the ring as Dorian stripped off his tunic and left nothing but sweaty, distracting muscles for Varaad to attempt not to look at, but that was Abram as well. Prince Derrick didn’t have near as much trouble as Varaad did with attractive men standing half naked in front of him. 

“I can’t control weather so I’m afraid we’ll have to do this without the cliché rain,” Dorian said, and Varaad took his shirt off as well. Now that Varaad had experience fighting in soaked through shirts he often questioned the author’s motivations for having Abram and the prince remove their shirts since ‘it was sticking to me’ didn’t have as much hold. 


Dorian picked up the épée from where it was placed so he could remove his shirt without stabbing himself, and when he stood back up, strong but worn down, he was all Abram again. 

Abram stalked over to Varaad, where Prince Derrick was hunched over and feeling lost for having been defeated, and passed the épée to Varaad with the handle out. Once Varaad took the épée and slid his hand in the small human-hand sized space under the guard, Abram stood back on his heels with his chest out and hands behind his back like a mock-up of parade rest. 

“First position,” Abram said, and Varaad moved. The book hadn’t described first position, nor any of the others for that matter, but Varaad had learned sword basics even if the Tal-vashoth had taught him in a much more relaxed manner. 


Abram walked in a tight circle around him, his eyes sweeping over Varaad to pinpoint mistakes, and Dorian’s pausing over the stretch of Varaad’s shoulders and the strength of his arms. Varaad trembled with the effort of keeping still, especially with the hot burn of Dorian’s eyes on him. 

Abram walked behind him, and Varaad let his eyes fall shut; he knew what was coming next. Abram’s bare chest pressed against Varaad’s back, and the low grade arousal Varaad had been stewing in kicked up a notch—his cock started pressing against the front of his breeches. 

For all that Dorian complained about being cold in the south, he was always consistently hot against Varaad’s skin, burning like the fire he bent to his will in battle, burning like the heat Dorian put in his veins. 

Abram’s breath was warm and even against the skin between Varaad’s shoulder blades, and Varaad was caught between