traveled, but Adaar hadn’t expected to see such a mussed up man giving him a sleepy look. It was almost...cute, but Adaar shut that thought down before it had the chance to expand; he wouldn’t sacrifice the work his brothers and sisters had done on his reeducation for this. 

Adaar abruptly turned to the path and began his trek to trap twelve. He was not as quiet as he should’ve been, and the forest had stilled long before he reached the trap. It was as he expected however; trap twelve was undisturbed.

Adaar took his time walking back to the Ursaad. He still had three other traps to visit, but he pushed that out of his mind and let each small step he took claim his focus, not the Ursaad and the injured hornless man on her back, not the brother he’d loved in ways he shouldn’t have. 

The hornless man was still awake when Adaar finally approached, if the way he slowly sat up when Adaar approached was any indication. They didn’t greet each other, though the hornless man did sigh slightly when Adaar slid back into the saddle. 

The way to the thirteenth trap was uneventful. The Ursaad was starting to slow, but Adaar needed sleep as much as she did and both wouldn’t stop until they were finished and at camp. The hornless man stopped tensing every time Adaar directed the Ursaad with his legs, which he had been trying to do minimally, so either his leg had stopped hurting so much or the hornless man stopped caring that it did. 

Trap thirteen itself had been triggered, but there was nothing in the net and no damage done to it, so it must have been triggered by an animal small enough to fit through the holes. Adaar did what he always did in that case—reset the trap and circle the area for darkspawn tracks just in case. It was unlikely that they’d be up that far north with the amount of scouts Adaar had found in traps one through six, but darkspawn were too big a threat to assume. 

The hornless man started to shift and squirm shortly after Adaar had visited fourteen—also sans darkspawn—and the heavy hand Adaar had placed on his thigh to get him to stop had only made things worse. The hornless man had jumped, and then push Adaar’s hand off with a dirty look sent over his shoulder. 

“Be still,” Adaar said, sounding as exasperated as he felt, not that the hornless man would understand him. It was difficult to control an Ursaad with so much movement in the saddle, and Adaar wasn’t too keen on having a body wriggling in his lap. 

The hornless man shot something back, and he held as much venom in his voice as Adaar did exasperation. Adaar could only sigh and shift back farther in the hopes that the movement against his hips would prevent at least one problem. The Ursaad was jerking on her reins with slightly more energy, but it felt more like a tired sort of mischief rather than an actual problem at the moment; she’d been well trained. 

At least it was only a short while to the fifteenth trap, and Adaar had never been so ready to check a trap. It was just as empty as the last few, and finally, finally he could head to camp and sleep. 

Adaar rushed back quickly to the Ursaad after a quick look around the trap site; the faster he got onto the Ursaad, the faster he got to camp, and the Ursaad probably still had enough energy for Adaar to push her a little. When he rounded the large rock that marked the path, he paused. The hornless man was half out of the saddle and pressed very tightly against the Ursaad, arms wrapped around her as far as they would go and face against her fur. He was very still, a little too still. Adaar carefully reached back for an arrow and scanned the area, tensed and ready to roll if there was something out there. 

The Ursaad grunted a little and flicked her ear to shake off an insect, too at ease for there to be danger, and Adaar saw a gentle rise in the hornless one’s chest, and Adaar breathed out his urgency. Something was wrong with the hornless one, but it wasn’t darkspawn. Adaar replaced the arrow in his quiver and shifted his weight onto one leg. He wanted to get the hornless one’s attention, but Adaar felt awkward at the prospect of making a loud enough noise to catch it. 

He decided on a grunt and stepping as hard as he could on a nearby branch to make a solid snap. The hornless one’s chest rose and fell again before he slowly turned his face to Adaar—not a movement for someone who’d fallen asleep in the saddle and then startled awake when they started to fall, like Adaar had assumed had happened—and the look on his face was not exhaustion nor fear, but desperation. 

The hornless man said something, both his voice and face pinched, but Adaar was already on his way over, confusion swirling in his belly. Adaar hooked his bow onto his