of ride, huh?” Bull said just soft enough that only Edric heard, though Edric did hold his breath for a few seconds just in case.  


Bull palmed him once, twice, and then caught the head of Edric’s dick in the slit between his middle and ring fingers and pressed close. It felt so good that Edric had to bite his lip to keep his deep groan from escaping, and he flung his free hand out to grasp at the meat of Bull’s thigh. 

Bull did it again, this time joining the movement with a long grind of his hips that sent his hardening cock bumping against Edric’s asscrack, and the harsh breath Edric sent through his nose was so close to being a moan instead. 

“How long before you slip up, before you can’t stop yourself and you end up announcing to them how much this turned you on,” Bull said, and he punctuated it with another thrust. He was almost completely erect now, and Edric was caught between his hand and his cock, unsure of what he wanted to be against more. 


They’d fucked like this once, minus the nuggalope. More than once, really. Bull’s cock against Edric’s ass and his hands worshiping Edric’s thighs, his cock, while Bull whispered dirty nothings into the room because he couldn’t bend down far enough to reach his ear and fuck against him at the same time.


Edric felt raw, exposed in the gritty open air, and his dick was throbbing against the inside of his leather pants. He wanted nothing more than to feel Bull’s hand against him, feel the heat and tendons shift as he brought Edric closer and closer to mindlessness, feel his hot cock against his bare ass and every knotted scar across Bull’s hips that went with it. 

He was aware of Dorian and Sera aimlessly chatting, aware of Bull responding to them sometimes too because of the deep rumble against the back of Edric’s head, but he couldn’t hear anything over his own pants and every shift of Bull’s muscles around him. He was completely encased by Bull, and Edric felt like he was drowning in it. 

“I’ve got oil in the satchel—the right kind of oil,” Bull said above him, soft enough that Edric knew that was only for him and that he should listen to it. Bull’s hand slid of Edric’s cock and around his waist so Bull could tuck a finger down the back of Edric’s pants, and Edric nearly voiced his complaints. 

“So do you wanna?” Bull asked, and punctuated it with a slight press to Edric’s ass. 


Only Bull would keep ass-fucking oils within reach while riding a horse—nuggalope. Edric would’ve laughed if he hadn’t been so lost in Bull, so ready for exactly what those oils were suggesting. 

“Yeah,” Edric said breathily. “Yeah, definitely,” he repeated, and Bull gave another sharp thrust against Edric’s ass as a thank you, or an a-okay captain—Edric was never sure which but he loved it regardless. 


Bull leaned back and pulled his hand out of Edric’s pants, presumably to reach the satchel hanging off the back of the saddle, and Edric hadn’t realized how much he’d been resting on him until he nearly fell backwards with him. 

Bull made a noise of recognition, and said “Kadan, turn around and face me.” Then he gave Edric a gentle slap against his thigh as if to say ‘hop to it,’ and Edric felt the bottle of oil beneath one of Bull’s fingers and his thigh. 

Edric nodded, then grabbed Bull’s wrist and one of his thighs for balance as he lifted up. It wasn’t easy moving, but they managed it, and Bull didn’t drop Edric or the oil. 

He landed on top of Bull’s cock—hard and pressing right behind Edric’s balls—and Edric nearly squirmed right off of Bull’s lap from the spark of pleasure that send to his toes. Bull put his hand right on Edric’s ass and pushed him forward so he was flush against Bull’s chest, which was even better. 

“There’s more room in the saddle this way,” Bull said, but it was much to loud to be aimed at Edric, so Edric pressed himself closer and tried to keep his heart from leaping too high into his throat. 


He couldn’t see, didn’t know if Dorian or Sera or both were turned back around yet, but Bull’s hand was moving into the back of Edric’s pants, fingers slick with oil. 

“We’re lucky your armor has that long-ass butt flap,” Bull said, and he let go of the reigns entirely to lift Edric up and shove his pants down to mid-thigh in one go. Bull’s hand was back on the reigns before Edric had fully realized what happened to him, but Bull’s manhandling tended to take Edric into an area of his