armor would’ve been ill-suited to the damp pervasive bog, but at least fighting undead, fighting demons wouldn’t have killed their spirit like this. Bull would hate him for thinking it; Bull loved a good fight and he did what needed to be done regardless of fear. Bull would never be a liability when facing enemies like this, but that didn’t mean Edric was ready to see the way it wore Bull down. 

Bull was in one of those moods when Edric reached the campfire and started stripping off his leathers. Early on, when it was only Edric and the very bottoms of the others’ clothes that were soaked through, Bull would point at Edric’s smallclothes and joke with a salacious wink, but not now. Edric stripped nearly naked and set his armor out to dry, lifted one end of Bull’s two handed axe and slid under it to sit as close to Bull as he could, all without a single word from Bull. 

Edric’s mouth was dry, didn’t know the words to say to comfort Bull and the uncertainty left his mouth cotton, but he’d always been more of the action type anyway. 

Edric slid his hand across Bull’s back, barely touching the skin until his arm would go no further, and then he pressed firmly against Bull’s back near his side, the muscles underneath shifting enough for Edric to know that Bull was listening.

“Hey,” he said, and winced when his voice cracked. He licked his lips and nudged Bull’s thigh with his knee, more in an attempt to steady himself than get Bull’s undivided attention. “Hey,” he tried again, and smiled softly when it came out steady. 

Bull’s hand released the polishing cloth and stretched out before settling back onto the axe, and Edric moved slightly with Bull’s chest as he breathed in deep. His horns moved in Edric’s peripherals, and Edric turned his head to meet Bull’s eye. Edric was greeted with a tight, but genuine smile, and a whispered Kadan that was more breath than noise. 

“I placed your furs down in the tent,” Bull said as he snaked his arm around Edric and pulled him in closer. 

Edric nodded once and said, “I saw.” Bull had probably already picked up on the fact that Edric was not pleased with being unable to carry his own supplies through the swamp lest they get soaked, but Edric was grateful for how close they were sitting, the excuse it gave him if Bull asked him about his inability to meet Bull’s eye then; neck cricks were far too common with their heights. 

Bull hummed and began to rub his thumb lightly across Edric’s bare side in sweeping arcs. If they’d been feeling less like…The Fallow Mire, it might’ve led to something more, but exhaustion and cold sunk deep into their bones, so Edric only sighed and leaned in closer. Bull hummed again.

“This…has been hard,” Edric stuttered out, cutting off his sentence before the for you could slip out unbidden. He didn’t know if Bull’s Ben-Hassrath training went as far as to predict what Edric hadn’t said, but he hoped not; Edric almost said a lot of stupid things.

Bull’s thumb stilled, and Edric’s breath caught in his throat. 

“Definitely not the kind of hard I like best,” Bull said evenly, and his thumb resumed its movement. Edric’s answering laugh sounded forced.

 “I bet you wish you’d picked up the bow like Sera,” Bull continued. “Not so much need to step in the swamp water that way.” 

“And leave you alone in the water to fight the undead?”

Bull laughed, a deep thing that was real but not anything close to joyfully throwing his head back like he usually does, and Edric grinned in response. 

“Maybe you’d stop popping out of nowhere to steal my kills.” 

“My head’s even with the water level—I haven’t needed to use that ability once.” 

“We should cut the legs off of the undead and strap them to your legs like stilts. Maybe then you’d be able to actually hit them in the head with your little knives.” 

Edric pinched Bull’s back for that and Bull started laughing so hard he dislodged where Edric was sitting, but he didn’t mind so much, not when the twinkle was back in Bull’s eye. 

“That sounds like something Sera would say,” Edric said as he stood up, dusting soil off his ass while he went.

Bull set his axe down off to the side and pulled Edric between his knees by the hand. They were nearly the same height this way.

“She may have mentioned it that time you sunk completely under the water.” 

Edric flushed, his cheeks and neck heating up in a way that only made him more embarrassed. 

“I tripped! I’m not nearly that short.” 

Bull’s smirk made him blush harder, and Edric made himself stay there and