one of Edric’s fingers once or twice before settling it in his lap. 

"Nah, I'm just thinking," Bull said, just as nonchalant as he ever was, but Edric's hands were on him; he could feel the tension coiled under Bull's skin. "The humans can believe whatever the hell they want—Andraste, that Vint dragon shit, Avvar sky mother crap—doesn't make them less human." 

Bull was acting blasé faire, like he was commenting on the color of the stone Andraste was made of and not human religion (well, human religion was about as interesting to Edric as the stone Andraste was made of), but Edric was young, not stupid. He could tell Bull had been worrying this for a while. 

Edric pressed further forward, pushing his chest against Bull's back in a way he hoped conveyed comfort because Edric was so bad at this, at being a rock in the way Bull so often was for him, and slid his hands down Bull's chest. He tapped out a nervous beat against his pecs, and immediately wanted to slam his forehead against something because who did that, who comforted someone by drumming on them? 

Bull audibly drew in a deep breath, and Edric pressed a soft kiss to the back of his head. 

“You’re like me,” Edric said softly, not sure where he was going but knew he needed to say something. Bull sat still, listening, and Edric pulled himself closer to Bull by the hands on his chest. “Dwarves have all that ancestor and stone stuff but hell, I’d die underground. Got stone sense for shit and the only time I’ve ever heard lyrium was that time we were in Therinfall Redoubt and the whole place was stuffed so full of red lyrium it nearly turned into one of those behemoth things. I’m a dwarf, but shit, I feel like a short human sometimes.” 


Edric sucked in his bottom lip, feeling like he’d just vomited all over Bull. He and Sera already started a party called “our people don’t like us so we’ll stick them with an arrow-slash-dagger,” but hell, he really didn’t know what Bull was going through. 

Bull tilted his head to the side, like he wanted to turn and look at Edric but knew he’d slam his horns into Edric’s face if he tried. “That make me a horned human, or your noble steed?” he asked, but the humor in his voice sounded forced even to Edric. 

“I don’t think bulls are steeds for anyone but dirty farmers,” Edric said, because fuck. He wasn’t equipped to deal with feelings any other way than an explosion, and Edric could deflect talks with humor like the best of them, like Bull. 


“Heh,” Bull said, a single, forced huff of laughter, and then he sighed, resigned. “It’s not the same—you being a dwarf. You weren’t born in Orzammar. You didn’t turn your back on your people and everything you know to come to the surface. You aren’t a disappointment.” 


Edric froze, then swallowed deeply. Everything he experienced from his sister, his parents bubbled up at that word, disappointment, and he wanted to shout and hit until his body didn’t feel so tense and raw, but no, this wasn’t about him. He bit down the comments about Orzammar, about how shit they were to the casteless until they came up and were forced to join the Carta because there was nothing else, no support for dwarves and even the surface dwarves from a good caste in Orzammar didn’t give two shits about them; swallowed down the ones about his family, how good they and the Carta were; and let every feeling he had about being disappointment, a screw-up sit in his stomach and digest. 

“Yeah, but you knew,” Edric said, voice barely a whisper. “You were Tal-Vashoth in all but name only before you joined the inquisition, nearly were before that when you turned yourself in for reeducation. You’re Tal-Vashoth, Bull, and there’s no sense in dwelling in what someone or something else thinks you should be.”

Bull was quiet, and for a moment Edric wished he believed in all that Andraste shit because he needed her to fall over and drill a hole into the ground with her statue tits so Edric could fall into it. At least he’d be less likely to fuck up Bull down there. 

“I don’t know anything about Tal-vashoth except for what you’ve told me, and you’re you, Bull,” Edric said. “Not those kid murdering shitheads, or whatever…” 


Fuck. Bull was still quiet, still tense under Edric’s hands. Edric’s forehead fell softly against the back of Bull’s head. 

“A-and if you’re scared you’ll turn into that, you’ve got me, got Krem, got your