of germinating, I’ll be back in business. They were vacuum sealed before we left, so I don’t really need to worry about the depressurization. The only problem would be the temperature extremes from when the Hab deflated. No one is entirely sure what temperature extremes the seeds can withstand, but we botanists do know that it’s a very wide range.

They might grow. My professional diagnosis is a strong maybe.

Just to be safe, I’ll start over again with spreading the bacteria around the dirt. I don’t want to be planting my potential food supply in barren soil. I’ll start tomorrow.

Ugh, this is going to kill my back.

 

 

LOG ENTRY: SOL 219

I have a sprout!

It’s in the plot where I put the beans. It’s not too surprising since bean seeds, especially black bean seeds like I have, are exceptionally hardy. The plants not so much. I’m going to have to be extremely careful if I want these little guys to grow into anything that can give me produce.

Another blessing is that beans require less water than potatoes. They also have a smaller yield than potatoes, but beggars can’t be choosers. For me this means I’ll have to be careful to watch the root systems to make sure the soil is draining properly. Soil on earth or in pots generally drains well, but my farmland is 10 centimeters thick and spread across a flat space of ground that makes its drainage ability suspect. Beans also dislike humid climates, but I already disabled the sauna option in the Hab so that’s okay.

Being a vine, beans also need something to grow on, so I’ve gone out and pulled up all my ASCII signs from around Pathfinder and I’m ready to repurpose the metal stakes as bean poles. These beans are going to receive the best care Mars can offer by the best botanist on the planet.

The bad news is that if the beans sprouted first, the peas probably aren’t going to. Garden peas like the ones they sent us with are one of the fastest growing garden plants, which means they would have sprouted before the beans if they were going to grow at all. It’s unfortunate because I could get two generations of peas in the same amount of time I get one generation of beans, so they would have been my second choice of crop after potatoes. But since I don’t need to have a huge produce to tide me over until the Iris probe lands, the beans will do just fine.

I also sent a message to Martinez today thanking him for being a stubborn little shit and being so good at his job. Why, you ask? Because his contributions to our mission have managed to save my life no less than four times. Once with the MDV fuel, once with his crucifix, once by virtue of his EVA suit being roughly the same size as mine and in pristine condition, and now because he insisted that bean dip was a traditional Thanksgiving dish at his house and if the rest of us white folk got our mashed potatoes he would damn well have his black beans.

So thanks, Martinez, for making sure they put black beans in our food supply. I’d be starving without you, buddy.

 

 

LOG ENTRY: SOL 266

Today my crewmates made it back to earth.

NASA told me they left the Hermes and landed back on earth without any problems. They’ll be kept at the medical facilities for a while before they’re released back into the wild. Living in low gravity for as long as we do can have some serious side effects and NASA doctors need to give them a clean bill of health and help them habituate to earth gravity before they’re free to leave.

Plus the mission debrief.

I hope NASA doesn’t give them the third degree over leaving me here; it was the right thing to do and I’ll stand behind Commander Lewis’ decision on that even if I don’t make it off this stupid red hellhole. Besides, that would be a shitty welcome back to earth and I imagine they’re going to get enough of it from the media, no need for NASA to compound the problem. Maybe Dr. Shields will step in and stop mission control from being too insensitive.

Aside from knowing my crewmates are safe, the best part of them being back home is that they can write me from NASA and I should get the messages faster. During their trip home NASA didn’t send any code to the Hermes to let them talk to me directly, and made them go through headquarters in Huston so that mission control could censor anything they thought might lower moral.

They’ll still be censored, but at least now it’ll be faster. I can’t wait to hear from them.

 

LOG ENTRY: SOL 380

I present this log to you today with a crisis on my hands: almost all the prepackaged food is gone.

By almost all I mean all but 12 meals. I have 204 sols before the Iris probe lands, which means I have 192 days