a kandra working for him. No noble would willingly cooperate with Kelsier’s mad scheme to dismantle the system that kept them in power, so of course he had to get a kandra to do the job.

Beyond that, Zane realizes where the conversation is heading. If Kelsier is asking to kandra to wear his own bones, that means Kelsier is planning to die. The rebellion will die without him, of that Zane is sure. And the kandra will go back to wherever it is kandra go as the Contract will end when Kelsier dies.

Unless Kelsier planned to die when he made the Contract, and is passing it off to someone else.

Zane strains his ears to hear more.

“After I’m gone I want you to stay. Protect Vin. She’s likely going to be resistant to the idea, but she’s going to need all the help she can get. I’m afraid I’ve made her something of a target, and she’s going to have the hardest job once the Lord Ruler falls.”

“You know I will protect Mistress Vin,” the kandra says. “It is in the Contract.”

“Yes, but I think that she will try to release you from the Contract,” Kelsier says.

“She cannot do that,” the kandra informs Kelsier. “You paid for my Contract and my Contract is with you, her wishes do not factor in to my orders.”

“I suppose so,” Kelsier muses. “Even so, I am concerned. I will figure something out, and inform you of my decision before the end. Thank you, OreSeur.”

There is silence followed by the shuffling of feet and the closing of a door. Taking a gamble, Zane hopes that OreSeur left the the room as he drops onto the balcony. He slips in the unsecured door to where Kelsier is frowning at him.

“How much of that did you hear?” he asks.

“You plan on having the kandra wear your bones,” Zane says. “You intend to leave us leaderless before the plan is complete.”

“Not entirely leaderless,” Kelsier corrects. “Though your general impression is correct.”

“Why?”

Kelsier smiles as he answers. “We cannot take the city alone, let alone hold it. None of our plans or schemes can work if we are the only ones who are willing to risk our lives for it. We need the skaa to rebel en masse, and the only way to do that is to give them something to believe in. Something other than the Lord Ruler and his oppression.”

“You,” Zane realizes.

“Me,” Kelsier agrees.

“You intend to martyr yourself to raise the skaa,” Zane says. “You know that if you do this, you’ll become the new god.”

“Better me than the Lord Ruler,” Kelsier says with a hint of humor. “And the people will undoubtedly look to Vin as my successor, which is why I need her protected. A new religion can have one martyr god, but not two.”

Zane nods. “Your kandra will protect her. They always obey the Contract.”

“Yes, but I think she will make it difficult for him.”

Zane thinks of what he knows about Vin. The stubborn tilt to her chin when she felt she was in the right even with all evidence to the contrary, the quiet way she observed a room from the edges, the way her body moved that said she knew in her bones what it was to be abandoned.

“No,” he agrees, “she won’t make it easy.”

“Will you,” Kelsier pauses, as though his request is asking is so momentous that he can barely say it. “Will you make sure she stays safe?”

There is a pause, and Zane feels a wave of shock pass through him. That Kelsier trusts him enough to ask him this guarantees his answer before he even has a chance to think about it.

“Of course.”

“You understand then. As my successor I need her to be protected once I’m gone,” Kelsier says, his voice rougher than Zane expected. Kelsier truly cares about his crew, but from what Zane has seen Kelsier thinks of Vin as the daughter he never had, and that puts her in a special position. “She is very strong willed, and I’m concerned that she will try to send OreSeur away where he cannot protect her. If she tries, will you intervene and keep OreSeur where he can help her the most? It may not be at her side, but I trust your judgement on this. Make sure that she is safe, Zane. Please.”

Zane meets Kelsier’s eyes to let him know he understands the burden he is agreeing to take on. That he understands that he is responsible for making sure Vin is able to carry on Kelsier’s legacy. “I will keep her safe,” he says, “with everything that I have.”

Kelsier nods, standing taller as though Zane had taken a physical weight off his shoulders. “Thank you, Zane.”

Zane nods, because what can he say to that