be able to bring it out unless you really want me to stop.”

Haise recoiled away from the ghoul’s voice, tugging helplessly against the kagune that held him in place. “Let me go,” he pleaded, his voice rising hysterically with every word. “Let me go let me go let me go let me go.”

“Make me,” the ghoul replied, sliding forward to straddle Haise. “You know how.”

“I can’t,” Haise moaned as he tried to shift away from the ghouls advances. “I can’t, I don’t know how. I can’t.”

“Doesn’t matter if you know how or not,” the ghoul said lightly, sucking marks into Haise’s neck. “Your body knows.”

“No,” Haise said desperately, clinging to the one thing he knew. “No it doesn’t. I’m Sasaki Haise, a ghoul investigator under the Mado squad. I am Sasaki Haise.”

“You are,” the ghoul agreed with a cheeky grin. “But your body isn’t.”

“I am,” Haise insisted, trying not to lose his focus as he felt the ghoul unbuttoning his shirt and pushing the fabric away from his skin. “I am a ghoul investigator and my name is Sasaki Haise.”

The ghoul didn’t reply, instead trailing his hands down Haise’s chest and prodding gently at his abdominal muscles to make him flex.

“Good,” it purred, apparently pleased by the response. Haise felt bile rising in his throat. “Very good.”

“Stop,” he whispered, barely able to get the words out. “Please stop.”

The ghoul leaned in, smirking as its hands circled around Haise’s body to rest meaningfully on the small of his back. “Then stop me. You know how; it shouldn’t be hard.”

“I can’t,” Haise said, his voice breaking. “I can’t do it, please let me go.”

The ghoul chuckled and pushed his hands lower, fingers brushing against Haise’s belt. “Can’t just means you don’t have the proper motivation. Do you think I’ll stop just because you tell me to?”

Haise shuddered and whined, trying to move himself away from the unwanted touch. The ghoul sat up with him, angling itself to look directly into Haise’s eyes. “Or maybe you want me to keep going.”

“Please no,” Haise begged, willing to degrade himself so long as the ghoul would just stop.

“Hmm, I know you’ve been eating enough, so it must be the motivation.” Haise felt a tug on the front of his pants, then a clank and a release as his buckle came undone. The ghoul’s hands slipped down his back, leaving the area where his kagune would come out in favor of fondling his buttocks. Unable to move away, Haise yelped as he felt a finger brush against his hole.

“I will,” the ghoul smirked, circling a finger around the sensitive skin of his opening. “I know you heal fast, so I won’t even need to hold back.”

“No,” Haise murmured as he bucked against the kagune holding him down. “No. No, no, no, nonononono.”

The finger pushed against him, breaching his opening. “Yes, Haise,” the ghoul whispered into his shoulder. He felt its mouth tick up into a smile before he heard the next words. “Your body is weak and it’s telling me yes.”

Haise cried out in pain as the ghoul hooked the finger, digging the nail into the delicate skin of his rectum.

“You like this,” the ghoul accused. “You like being held down, being forced to take it.”

A tentacle slithered down his body to wind its way into his pants, wrapping around his still flaccid cock. “No? Maybe something else then,” the ghoul suggested.

The limb curled around his neck unraveled and Haise breathed a sigh of relief, letting his head come up to rest at a more natural angle. Seconds later a searing pain shot through his ass as something wide and blunt forced its way into him beside the finger. Haise screamed, his eyes flying open and breath coming in pants as he tried in vain to wriggle away from the intrusion.

“Excellent,” the ghoul breathed out, nipping playfully at his shoulder even as the kagune in his ass ripped at his lining, tissue healing almost as fast as it was torn. Haise stilled, whimpering as the ghoul shredded his passage again and again, the pain increasing every time the wounds reopened.

Finally giving in and shutting himself down, Haise let his consciousness drift away from his body. In here it was okay; there would be no repercussions, no innocent bystanders who could be hurt. It would be better to let the ghoul take out its aggression here than risk it coming out when he was around people.

“I think you’re ready now,” the ghoul said, its kagune sliding in and out of Haise’s hole easily now that the