4.

The fourth time Tsukiyama tried to sway Kaneki over to his point of view didn’t go any better than his previous attempts.

“This really is a lovely house, Kaneki-kun,” Tsukiyama said, making a show of admiring the trim on the walls as he leaned against the doorjamb.

“It’s a convenient location,” Kaneki replied as he pulled on his workout clothes. “Which you know since you helped find an innocuous neighborhood that would make a good base.”

“Indeed,” Tsukiyama agreed, remembering the hours Kaneki had put in to sussing out the perfect place for the house. It had taken almost a month of subtle inquiries and shrewd bargaining to acquire accommodation for so many ghouls in an existing ward without raising any hackles, and watching Kaneki stretch his wings to defend his fledgling flock had been an experience Tsukiyama didn’t plan to forget.

“Still,” Tsukiyama continued, “I can’t help but think that it would be more useful to have everyone here, especially now that you’re making waves with your eating habits.”

“I do have everyone here.”

“You do?” Tsukiyama said incredulously, feeling something he might have labeled as betrayal if he didn’t know better.

Kaneki gave him a crooked grin, looking him right in the eyes as he twisted the knife deeper. “Everyone who needs to be here, Tsukiyama-san.”

“Why?” Tsukiyama asked, his voice going quiet the way it only ever did when he was serious.

Gaze softening at Tsukiyama’s distress, Kaneki leaned in close enough that they wouldn’t be overheard and placed a comforting hand on Tsukiyama’s shoulder. “I appreciate what you’ve done for me, but I can’t justify keeping a weapon here with Banjou and Hinami and everyone else. If you wish to remain my sword you will have continue living elsewhere.”

It wasn’t that Tsukiyama hadn’t understood that he didn’t mesh well with the other members of Kaneki’s entourage, but hearing it said out loud seemed to cast a new light on the subject, making it seem less harsh and unbearable.

“Of course,” he said, regaining his manners and stepping back to give Kaneki a sweeping bow. “In that case, I shall retire to the armory, unless you have need of a sparring partner this evening?”

His comment earned him a rare smile of gratitude. “No thank you, Tsukiyama-san. I will see you tomorrow to discuss our next move.”

Tsukiyama dipped his head in acknowledgment and made his way to the door, shutting it gently behind him as Kaneki started his pre-workout stretches in silence. Taking a deep breath of the outside air Tsukiyama turned toward his apartment, satisfied with the security of his place at Kaneki’s side.


5.

The fifth time Tsukiyama made a suggestion, it might have come out a little harsher than he intended.

In his defense, his day had gone from bad to worse starting with a moderately violent run in with Touka in which she had taken out her frustrations at Kaneki’s reclusive habits on him and culminating in this, a reminder that out of everyone in Kaneki’s team he was the only one not trusted enough - not good enough - to live in the communal house.

Banjou glanced up from his seat in the foyer when Tsukiyama entered, his body language instantly going from relaxed to on guard. Tsukiyama did his best to ignore it, striding past him to take a seat next to Hinayana on the couch, but the blatant distrust still stung.

Hadn’t he proven his dedication to Kaneki? Hadn’t he done it convincingly enough? Or had Banjou and his band of misfits conveniently forgotten about the incident where Tsukiyama helped Kaneki eliminate all the ghouls from his old stomping grounds just because Kaneki had requested it?

Whatever the case, the barely restrained hostility in the room did nothing to improve Tsukiyama’s mood.

“Were you looking for onii-chan?” Hinami asked, looking up from the collection of short stories she had open on her lap. He nodded and she blinked guilelessly up at him, appearing completely oblivious to the tension around her. “He’s upstairs. He’s been upset lately.”

Tsukiyama briefly considered the merits of waiting for Kaneki to emerge on his own before discarding the idea; he was liable to hide himself away from the world unless there was some earth shattering crisis afoot. It would be good for him to have some company.

“Thank you for telling me, milady,” Tsukiyama said, standing up and giving her a courtly bow and reaching out to kiss the back of her hand. “I shall endeavor to rescue your prince and return him to your side.”

Hinami giggled, pulling her hand away and gracing Tsukiyama with a genuine smile. “I don’t think onii-chan needs to be rescued today, Tsukiyama-san.”

“Ah, let me tell you a secret,” Tsukiyama replied, raising his finger to his lips as he leaned in to whisper in her ear. “Kaneki-kun needs to be saved from himself more often than not.”

When he pulled