ve heard it’s pleasant.”

“Yeah,” Hide agreed with a small smile. “They’ve got some really good universities too. I’m going to Kamii when I have time between jobs.”

The university name itched at the back of his mind, but Haise pushed it down to focus on whether or not Hide would be able to help him with his current investigation. “Does your work put you in contact with any foreign visitors?”

“Not really,” Hide replied, seeming confused by the question. “I see more exchange students at Kamii than I do working. Why?”

So he saw foreign students on a regular basis. Haise debated thanking him for his time and leaving, but some instinct told him that if he pushed he might be able to find out more.

“There have been an increasing number of cases where ghouls have been targeting foreigners who aren’t familiar with the city,” Haise said, giving a quick summary of the case he was working on. “We think it’s a group effort rather than a few individuals working alone.”

“A group of ghouls interested in foreigners?” Hide repeated back at him, frowning and leaning forward to rest his chin on his hand. “I haven’t seen anything like that, but there have been some rumors going around. I heard one of the exchange students talking about a meeting being set up at a park in the 13th ward, and she hasn’t been in class since. No one else went so there’s nothing substantial, but I wouldn’t be surprised if ghouls were advertising support groups as bait.”

“Have you heard of any other meetings?” Haise asked, intrigued by Hide’s idea. If ghouls were advertising on college campuses, it wouldn’t be too difficult to track them down.

Hide shook his head. “Nah, as far as I can tell it’s been word of mouth only. And I don’t have a personal connection, so I’ve tried not to get involved.”

“You’ve gotten involved before?” Haise asked, picking up on something in Hide’s words.

A pained expression flashed across Hide’s face, and he turned his gaze down to the table. “I used to work part time for the CCG. I left after I wasn’t able to help my friend,” Hide chewed on his lip or a moment before looking up and catching Haise’s eyes. “I might be able to help you though. Maybe work as an informant?”

The offer left Haise feeling off balance as he tried to come up with a response. “I need to report all my sources in my reports, but if you’re okay with that we could work something out.”

He expected Hide to agree; if he’d worked with the CCG before he had to know how things were done. He certainly didn’t anticipate the way Hide cringed at the idea. “I’d rather not then,” he said, shaking his head. “Too many bad memories.”

The honesty in Hide’s statement made Haise want to try again. “I could probably keep you as an anonymous source,” he offered, mind scrambling to work out how he could explain it to Akira without raising any eyebrows. “It would help if you’re concerned about someone seeing your name and trying to pull you back in.”

Haise knew he’d hit the mark on the head when he saw the spark of interest rekindle in Hide’s eyes.

“Anonymous?” Hide repeated. “Yeah, I could do anonymous.”

“Great,” Haise said, an unexpected feeling of relief washing over him at the knowledge that he’d be staying in contact with Hide. “Could I set up a time to check in with you?”

“I’m usually over here on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons,” Hide shrugged. “If you’ve got stuff going on then, maybe sometime on the weekend?”

“Thursdays are good,” Haise replied, checking his watch. “I do have to go today, but I’ll see you next week?”

“Yeah,” Hide said, a blindingly bright smile crossing his face as he spoke. “I’ll see you next week, Sasaki.”

Haise nodded and stood up, heading out the door and back to work. It didn’t occur to him until he was halfway through a meeting with Akira that he’d never given Hide his name.

*   *   *

A few weeks later Haise found himself sitting with a cup of coffee and waiting for Hide in the back corner of :Re, musing over the chain of events that had unfolded since their first meeting.

Despite a slightly rocky start, Haise had come to trust Hide and his information. He’d never fully pinned down how Hide had gotten his name, but he’d decided to take it as a demonstration of his fact finding abilities and he hadn’t been disappointed. Although Hide was remarkably close mouthed about exactly how he got his intel, his suggestions had proven to be worth their weight in gold.

Following Hide’