.”

The last pin clicked into place.

“We’re in!” Hide said in a low voice, turning the handle and opening the door. Kimi and Nishio wasted no time in ducking inside, pulling Hide in with them and closing the door behind him.

“Lock it,” Nishio hissed from behind Hide. “Lock it and let’s get out of sight.”

Hide watched Kimi reach up and close the deadbolt, his head still a little too fuzzy from the adrenaline rush to process anything else.

“Behind the desk,” Nishio said, half-leading half-carrying Kimi and Hide around to the opposite side of the large wooden desk that sat in the middle of the room.

“They’re less likely to see us if we stay up against the wall by the door,” Kimi protested weakly.

“But they’ll be less likely to look here if they have the keys to the door,” Nishio countered.

Hide couldn’t help but let out a bitter laugh. “If they have the keys to the door, we are fucked.”

Nishio glared, but didn’t have a comeback for that. Hide wished he could have taken pride on getting one up on Nishio, but the current situation had sapped all of the humor out of him.

Cold blooded murder tended to do that.

They sat in silence for a while, watching the clock as the minutes ticked by. The tension in the room didn’t so much fade as it settled into the background, creating a thick wall around them as they strained for any sign that the CCG might have left.

Or that they were coming.

Nishio tensed beside him, and Hide’s felt his heart leap heart leap into his throat at the unspoken warning. Sure enough, a few seconds later he heard footsteps coming up the stairs.

“Everyone’s out for lunch and we already checked the classrooms on the second floor, I don’t get why we have to sweep the place too,” complained a male voice from the hallway.

“Lots of students stay over lunch to do work, and we need to make sure we scan everyone,” said a calmer, deeper voice.

“Yeah,” replied the first, “but it’s not like we won’t be able to catch them at the end of the day. I don’t get why we have to do this now.”

“We’re doing this now and we’re doing this again after classes end. We have to be thorough in order to root out this infestation,” the second voice replied, clearly rehashing a routine argument.

“I still don’t think it’s going to help,” the first voice said wearily. “But I know how to do my job. Lead on.”

The voices stopped, and Hide strained to hear whether the footsteps were approaching or not as the two men walked down the hallway.

The sound of a door opening in the hallway nearly made him jump out of his skin.

“Clear,” said the first voice a few moments later.

The door closed and Hide held his breath as the hallway went quiet again. He heard the shuffling of fabric beside him, and looked over to see Nishio and Kimi shifting into a more comfortable position. Nishio seemed to relax a little, some of the stiffness easing out of him now that Kimi was resting her head on his shoulder. Hide met Kimi’s gaze and they shared a moment of silent appreciation for her ability to calm Nishio down.

A loud squeak echoed down the hallway, closer this time, and any good Kimi had managed to do disappeared as Nishio went rigid again.

“Clear,” the voice said again.

“We don’t know that they’ll come check in here,” Hide whispered, trying to sound like he wasn’t panicking just as much as Nishio. “And even if they do, it doesn’t sound like they’re using keys.”

Another door opened.

“It doesn’t sound like they need to,” Nishio gritted out. “Would you shut up?”

It was clear that the men in the hallway were coming closer, so Hide took Nishio’s advice and stayed quiet. Given the acoustics of the dean’s office and the fact that they were keeping their voices down, Hide doubted that the investigators would be able to hear him from the hallway. But even if they couldn’t, it was apparent that his habit of talking through stressful situations didn’t help Nishio the way it did Kimi.

“Clear.”

If there had been any room for doubt the investigators were getting closer, it was gone now. Not that there was really anything he could do about it, but just the knowledge that they were closer was making Hide’s breath shorten and his heart catch.

Hide sucked in a deep breath through his nose, holding it for a few seconds before letting it out in an effort to keep himself from hyperventilating. By the third breath, he felt himself starting to relax.


Crack.


The sudden noise took any semblance of calm Hide had managed to gather and threw it to the wind.