himself behind the concrete as the column he had just been behind collapsed under a coordinated attack from two quinques.



Bikaku quinques, to be precise. Good for beginners due to ease of use, his mind supplied, best at mid range combat and more durable than rinkaku kagunes. It would be best if he could avoid being hit by an attack, which was fine by him; his plan had been to stay on the move all along.



Kaneki took off again in the direction Urie and Shirazu came from, using the noise of the collapsing column to mask the sound of his footsteps.



“Fuck, he got away!” Shirazu swore as the last of the dust cleared, revealing a pile of rubble and no trace of Kaneki.



Watching carefully from behind their position, Kaneki saw Urie grit his teeth as he muttered quietly, “Hand signals, Shirazu. He can hear us.”



Kaneki couldn’t see Shirazu’s face, but the eye roll was obvious anyway, as was the sloppy salute he sent Urie’s way before they split up, Shirzau running left and Urie running right.



Urie clearly had a better handle on the situation, so Kaneki decided to follow him, staying just out of sight as he darted from pillar to pillar. As Urie approached the opposite wall of the room, Kaneki held back to make sure Shirazu hadn’t doubled around to track him. Not sensing a follower, Kaneki left the cover of the columns to launch an attack on Urie.



Diving down, Kaneki set his sights for Urie’s legs. Going for the low shot was often the best course of action early in a fight, as it left the most options for escape if the attack became compromised and it had the additional benefit of leaving the opponent momentarily defenseless as they regained their balance if the strike was a success.



Fortunately for Urie, being in a fight seemed to enhance his reflexes, because he twisted around and jumped in time to avoid being hit by Kaneki’s attack. Unfortunately for him, Kaneki had more experience with fighting and was able to get his feet under him first, pivoting and catching Urie by the ankle before he had time to get away.



Kaneki yanked down, pulling Urie back to the ground and moving in under his hastily erected guard. Reaching for his throat, Kaneki found his path blocked by something new. 
Kagune
, his mind supplied.



Disentangling himself, Kaneki jumps back, using the distance to observe the new development. Urie held his quinque somewhat awkwardly in his left hand, his right surrounded with the red and blue bulk of a koukaku kagune. From his stance, Kaneki could see that Urie didn’t have much experience using the quinque and kagune in tandem, and if he insisted on holding on to both it would become an easily exploitable weakness.



Urie dissolved his kagune, shifting his quinque into a more familiar hold. Kaneki watched in approval, noting that Urie chose to take on a defensive stance even though his quinque type had the advantage at their current distance.



Sensing a presence behind him, Kaneki dove to the side just in time to avoid being impaled by a series of spikes. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Urie sprinted forward to where Kaneki had landed, his quinque in position to strike at Kaneki’s midsection. Caught off guard by the attack on a non-vital area, Kaneki chose to block with his arms, feeling the cracking of bones as he absorbed the shock of the blow.



“Not bad,” Kaneki said grudgingly as he regained his footing, stretching out his arms to let them reattach properly. He glanced at Shirazu, wary of taking his gaze off of Urie for too long. “You hide your whereabouts well, but the plan was too obvious and you weren’t prepared for my pursuit.”



“And now you’ve seen our kagune but we haven’t seen yours,” Urie said, completing the unspoken portion of Kaneki’s analysis. “Of course.”



“Hmm, yes,” Kaneki agreed, “But you do seem to work well together, and two against one is always better odds.”



Kaneki heard a snort from Shirazu’s direction as if he wanted to disagree, but Urie gave him a glare and he quieted. Grinning to himself, Kaneki wondered what it was like to work in a group with Urie. He imagined it was probably irritating but rewarding; being in groups with controlling assholes usually was.



He should know; he’d led a group like that.


And apparently he was supposed to be leading this one too.


“My turn then,” Kaneki said, whirling away from Urie and lunging towards Shirazu. The surprised expression on Shirazu’s face when Kaneki got up close and the hastily erected block with his kagune told Kaneki he’d made the right choice; Urie might be the brains of this fighting duo, but he also had a solid defense and offense. Kaneki’s healing might mean that any long distance injuries Shirazu inflicted would be superficial, but that sort of distraction could be fatal if it came at the wrong time.



Letting out four of his kagune’s arms, Kaneki used it to flick aside the sloppy defense