a line down your jaw and fuck, he seems so damn smooth and sure of himself, has he done this before? You kind of want to ask if he’s done this before, but you don’t want to interrupt him so you keep your fucking mouth shut. He’s sucking on your neck now and that’s definitely going to leave a mark, but you find that you don’t mind--you kind of like the idea of everyone knowing that you’re his matesprit, although you don’t know if Dave would also like that. He’s kind of weirdly private. You suppose you can be, too, but only about your blood color.

You shift, and holy shit, is that his bulge that you’re feeling through his pants? It’s not moving, which is weird, but it’s hard where the rest of him is soft. If you can feel his, that means he can probably feel yours, too. You shift again, and he makes a little grunt against your neck. His hips press up into yours and yep, that is definitely his bulge. It’s a little uncomfortable and a lot exciting to grind against him like this; you’re not sure how far you want to take it. 

He draws back up to kiss your lips again, softer this time, like maybe he’s running out of steam. It hasn’t escaped your attention that neither of you have moved your hands. His are still set chastely on your hips and you haven’t touched him anywhere below the shoulders. Maybe you’re both just too nervous. It’s kind of a lot, to go from best bros to matesprits like this, and you would never admit this out loud to Dave, but you kind of want your first time to be special.

Maybe he feels the same way, because after giving you a few more sweet kisses he pulls back, resting his forehead against yours. He’s panting a little bit, and so are you. Both of your hips have stopped moving.

“Damn,” he says. “That sure was, um. A lot, right?” 

“Yeah,” you say, and wow, is that really your voice? It sounds breathy and high and completely unlike yourself. You swallow and try to speak normally. “When you said you wanted to be my human boyfriend, I guess you weren’t kidding.”

Dave laughs, and rakes his hands up your back. You can barely feel his stubby human nails through the fabric of your shirt. “I really wasn’t. I wouldn’t kid around with something like that, man.” He kisses you again, just a soft peck, and you smile. 

“Good. I’d have to do something unspeakable to your bulge if you had been.” Shit, maybe you shouldn’t have mentioned his bulge. You shift your hips back so that you’re situated more on his thighs than directly in his lap.

Dave laughs. “I mean, I want you to do unspeakable things to my bulge,” he says, and fuck everything but you blush at that, you hate yourself. “Although I don’t have one of those, by the way. If you’re going to be getting all friendly with human anatomy, you should know what it’s called.”

You snort and roll your eyes, trying to save face. “Why don’t you illuminate me then, fuckhead?”

“Don’t call me names after we’ve just made out, that’s rude,” Dave says, and actually reaches up to tap your nose, like he’s chastising a woofbeast or something. You rear back snarling and open your mouth to let him have it, but he’s already talking over you. “Human male junk is called a dick or a cock or a boner, or a penis if you want to get all technical about it. ‘Penis’ is sort of an inherently hilarious word though, so I tend to stick with the other words.”

You vaguely remember hearing him mention dicks and cocks before, usually in the context of when he’s drawing them. You want to ask for more details, mainly like what it looks like, but that’s going back into territory that you’re not sure you want to explore right now. “Why do you need so many words for it?”

Dave waves a hand. “That’s a linguistic question for the ages. There aren’t as many words for female anatomy, at least not ones that are as fun to say. I think it’s probably because humanity has been phallus-obsessed for like, thousands of years.”

“Your species is so weird.” 

“What can I say, that’s humans for you.” 

You lapse into silence. His hands are idly rubbing at your back, like he might not even realize he’s doing it. It feels nice, though. Your hands are still on his shoulders and you run your hands over his cape,