carried home after two drinks. Then Mayuzumi challenged him to a drinking competition and not only did he win, but Hitomi threw up on Mayuzumi’s shoes. There, it’s all yours, I entirely cede my own right to use this story when charming people. You need it more than i do.”

“That’s a disgusting story,” Ushijima says. Oikawa throws his hands in the air at Ushijima’s hopelessness, but Ushijima is still speaking. “How did you know I grew up on a farm?”

“I--” Oikawa frowns. When had he learned that? He doesn’t have a specific memory of hearing about it, it just feels like something he’s always known. “I don’t know. Does it matter? I’m sure you’ve picked up facts about my life, too. We have known each other since we were twelve.”

Oikawa feels the impact of his own words only after they’ve left his mouth. He’s never thought of Ushijima as someone who actually knows him, but it’s true that they’ve been acquainted with each other for seven years, even if they’d been opponents for almost that whole time. The only other person who’s been an active part of his life since junior high is Iwaizumi. 

Maybe that counts for more than Oikawa had realized.

Ushijima’s eyes widen slightly, like Oikawa’s just given him the same realization. His hand falls to the ground beside his knee to fiddle with a piece of grass, his fingers running over the plant’s edge without pulling it from the ground. It has to be a nervous gesture, which Oikawa can hardly believe. Not once, in all the time they’ve known each other, has he ever succeeded in making Ushijima feel nervous, and right now he’s not even trying.

Oikawa looks back at the trees, laughing a little. He doesn’t know what to make of this whole bizarre conversation; it’s no longer raining, and he doesn’t know when it stopped. “I don’t like thinking about it either, how long we’ve been stuck with each other. It’s annoying.”

Ushijima laughs too, and it sounds almost sad. Oikawa gets the distinct feeling that he’s not laughing for the same reason Oikawa was. “Annoying is not the word I would have chosen.”

Much to Oikawa’s mortification, his cheeks start to grow warm. He will not let himself ask Ushijima what words he would use to describe what they’ve been to each other. Oikawa will not ask, because he does not care. 

His concentration on not asking means that things go quiet again. This time it’s Ushijima who breaks the silence. 

“I also said some things I regret, during that conversation. I should not have lost my temper like I did.”

Oikawa stiffens. He doesn’t know if he’s ready to hear Ushijima try to apologize for telling Oikawa that all his opportunities to beat him were in the past. 

“It’s fine,” Oikawa says, sharp. “We don’t need to talk about it. What I said to you was worse, anyway.”

“Still,” Ushijima says. “Oikawa, look at me.”

How like Ushijima, giving Oikawa a command like that. Oikawa looks, and sees Ushijima’s intent stare, his expression displaying a particular kind of earnestness that Oikawa hasn’t seen on his face before.

“Iwaizumi is a talented player. If there were two open spots for starting spikers, I would be happy to play beside him. I want to play beside him. He and I are on the same team, as are you, and if it were up to me we would all be playing together.”

Oikawa feels like all the breath has been stolen from his lungs. This is not, at all, what he had expected Ushijima to say. Not what he thought Ushijima might feel guilty about. He wants to point out how vicious Ushijima had been while competing against Iwaizumi these past few weeks, wants to remind Ushijima of the times he implied that he thought Iwaizumi was beneath him. Instead, the part of Oikawa’s brain that likes to get him into trouble is answering for him, saying in a sly voice, “Are you sure? You wouldn’t be jealous, if I were tossing to both of you?”

Oikawa wishes he could make out more of Ushijima’s expression. He doesn’t look away or dodge the question. “Maybe I would be. It’s hard to say.” 

Oikawa shakes his head. “It’s just a toss. Nothing to be jealous over.”

“It’s--” Oikawa listens, almost in awe, as Ushijima takes in a shaky breath, as stops himself from saying whatever he’d been about to say. Oikawa is intensely curious--no, curious is not the right word. He feels hungry. He wants to know what Ushijima isn’t saying.

“It’s more than that,” Ushijima finishes