6:30 am.

Adam stood, bumping shoulders with Ronan. “I can take you by Monmouth before we go to school. You can grab your uniform and backpack.”

“Sure,” Ronan said. He pointed at the plum. “I wouldn’t eat that, if I were you. Dream food can get weird.”

Adam arched an eyebrow. “Sounds like there’s a story there.” 

Ronan snorted. “Nothing too exciting, unless me giving myself food poisoning as a toddler gets you going.”

Had Ronan ever been a toddler? He must have been, he wasn’t a dream come to life. Were there pictures, did Aurora have any? Some of Adam’s thoughts must have shown on Adam’s face, because Ronan arched an eyebrow back at him and said, “What?”

“I can’t picture you throwing up due to anything but a hangover,” Adam said, because he didn’t know how Ronan would react to Adam wanting to know more about his childhood. That seemed dangerous, uncharted territory. 

Ronan laughed. The sound was sleepy still, softened by the morning. Adam wanted to kiss him, but he wanted to shower and brush his teeth first. And he had fruit in his hand.

He set the plum carefully on top of his dresser. “I should hit the shower,” he said. For one wild moment he thought about asking Ronan to join him, but christ, no, they should at least have sex first. And great, now he was thinking about Ronan and sex again. If he jerked off quickly enough in the shower, maybe Ronan wouldn’t suspect anything. 

“We both should, we went swimming in a muddy lake yesterday,” Ronan said, and Adam blinked. With everything that had happened after, he had almost forgotten the drowning and his attempt at magic that had failed so spectacularly.

Later. He would have to think about that later, analyze it and compare notes with Ronan’s account and figure out what he could do better next time. There had to be a next time: Adam was more sure than ever now that the only path back to Ronan’s memories went through Cabeswater.

He found himself glancing at the plum, his gaze pulled involuntarily. He wanted Ronan to remember. He wished that some of his reasons for wanting weren’t so selfish.

“Are you going first, or should I?” Ronan said, and right, shower. Adam shook his head to clear it and headed to the bathroom. 

***

Adam didn’t see Ronan outside of Latin class or away from Gansey. After school, he had a shift at the garage. Toward the end of it, his phone buzzed with a text. 


you gonna be awake enough for me to come over later?


It was stupid to lie to himself about how it thrilled him, so Adam didn’t. Ever since Ronan’s injury, Adam had been the one always making the first move, putting himself out there to Ronan and waiting to be rebuffed or accepted. But now Ronan was actually texting him first. Things were changing.

But unfortunately Adam still knew himself and his schedule and what he needed. Not awake enough for anything fun. I don’t get off until 10 and I have at least 2 hours of homework. Not the kind of homework that he could get done while Ronan was there bugging him, either. But Adam didn’t need to point that out, because Ronan wasn’t used to that routine anymore, they hadn’t done it since his injury.

After re-reading what he sent, Adam sent another text that said Sorry. Maybe tomorrow after school?


sure. I told gansey what happened.


Adam typed something then deleted it, typed something else and deleted that too. He was sweating--he was working, of course he was sweating, but the trickle by his eyebrow felt specific. Finally he decided on, About the spell in cabeswater or about making out?

At least the reply was immediate; Ronan didn’t give Adam time to anxiously work himself up. both

All right. So Gansey knew, so Ronan had told him. Annoyance made itself known in Adam’s stomach like a swallowed cherry pit, and there was hurt there, too. Mostly, Adam realized, because he suspected that before the amnesia, Ronan would have asked Adam if it was okay first before mentioning anything to Gansey.

But it wasn’t a big deal. It didn’t have to be a big deal, Adam told himself. What did he say?


he was surprised you swung that way. i guess he already knew i did. and he was worried about you almost drowning.


Adam fought the urge to ask if Gansey had seemed hurt, at not knowing that Adam liked men--not knowing that Adam liked Ronan. He could ask Gansey himself. Would ask Gansey himself, as soon as he found the courage. He didn’t want to talk about Gansey anymore now, not with Ronan via text. We can try the spell again. I can figure out what I did