ve been saying about you. I don’t remember this, but iwa-chan says that when i arrived home last night, i was ranting about that awful old man who was hitting on you. then i said that i liked your tongue, and that i was going to beat you at volleyball, and then i passed out on the floor. mean iwa-chan let me sleep there all night instead of tucking me into bed. I hope you’re laughing at this, someone should get entertainment out of it at least.

Ushijima was laughing, at least a bit. He could picture Oikawa drunkenly declaring that he was going to beat Ushijima, even though they were on the same team now, and it was funny to find that Oikawa was as verbose over text as he was in person. Also, hearing that Oikawa liked his tongue, even if that was just something he’d said while drunk, made Ushijima feel warm all over.


then this morning, i told iwa-chan it was your fault i was so sick. he is smart enough not to believe this, but he texted you about it anyway because he cares about my virtue. i didn’t tell him about all that kissing we did. i didn’t want him to yell at me for making bad decisions.


And just like that, the warm feeling was gone. Ushijima had been trying to avoid becoming a bad decision, and realizing that he’d failed was a huge disappointment. He started composing a reply, some kind of formal apology along with a promise that it would never happen again, but before he could hit send he got another long text from Oikawa.


you know all about my worthless pride, so you can probably imagine how much i hate apologizing, especially to you. but still, even i can recognize when i’ve behaved so horribly. i never should have propositioned you like that, and i especially should not have grabbed you like i did without your express permission. i’m very sorry.


Ushijima was certain that this was the first time either of them had ever apologized to the other. He felt slightly like he was out of his body, like he was an outsider watching himself stare down at the cell phone in his hand. The words swam in his vision.

He needed to respond, and he needed to do it quickly, so that Oikawa did not think he didn’t care. Ushijima typed out the first words that came to  mind, which were, Thank you. I appreciate the apology.

He hit send, and then realized it was not enough. He added, We were both very drunk last night, and I don’t blame you for anything. You don’t need to worry about the proposition. He typed out, I only said no because we were both drunk, but he was too cowardly to actually send that part, so he deleted it and just sent the rest.

He was very glad to hear Oikawa apologize, even if the crotch-grabbing wasn’t the part that had been hurtful, had in fact been welcome in and of itself. It was just a relief to experience Oikawa being decent to him, to finally feel like he was getting to see the Oikawa that inspired such loyalty in people. 

It was such a relief that Ushijima was reluctant to keep discussing the issue. But Oikawa had been honest with him, really a lot more honest than he’d had to be, and it made Ushijima want to be honest with him in return. So without waiting for a reply, Ushijima texted, But I was taken aback when you told me to fuck off after I said no.

He waited with his breath held, then forced himself to breathe when that became uncomfortable. It was risky, sending that text. It was perhaps stirring the waters unnecessarily, after Oikawa had graciously extended him an olive branch. Ushijima was being foolish and greedy, was hoping for too much, when he ought to be satisfied with Oikawa simply treating Ushijima like a person (maybe even a friend) who deserved a basic apology after experiencing rude behavior.

Finally his phone vibrated with Oikawa’s response. oh, that. i was hoping you’d forgotten that part! i’m not proud. i usually handle it much better when someone rejects me.

It was obvious that Oikawa was not finished, that another reply would be forthcoming, but Ushijima didn’t wait for it before hurriedly typing out what he felt like he had to say immediately. He couldn’t let Oikawa sit there with this wrong idea he’d gotten for one more second. He was in so much of a hurry that he didn’t bother to fix his typoes or add punctuation. I didn’t meanto reject you adn I wouldn’t have if we were sober

His phone was silent after that, ominously. Ushijima groaned loud and fell back onto his mattress, rubbing his hands over his face. He felt like he was a character in a bad melodrama. It felt awful.

His phone buzzed again before he could berate himself further. good to know!

Ushijima considered throwing