No,” he said, and Shinkai’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. “I don’t want any of this gentle bullshit. It would be better if you hit me again.”

Shinkai’s mouth fell open in surprise. “Seriously?”

“Seriously. What, you think I’m joking?” Arakita shoved Shinkai, hard, so that he slammed back against the door to Arakita’s room. “What do I need to do to get you mad enough to lash out again?”

“I’m not going to fall for that again, Yasutomo,” Shinkai said, but Arakita could see a flash of that old demon gleam in his eyes. 

“Then hit me just because you like me,” Arakita said. “Isn’t it enough to know that I want it?” 

That seemed to give Shinkai pause. “You really want me to?”

“Yes, idiot, why do you think I’m asking?” Arakita was annoyed, but simultaneously flooded with affection for his slow-on-the-uptake teammate. He pulled Shinkai forward and kissed him roughly, the polar opposite of the kiss Shinkai had given him earlier, using his teeth on Shinkai’s beautiful lips. Shinkai gave him a pretty little moan.

“All right,” Shinkai said when Arakita let him go. “If you want me to--”

 

“How many times do you want me to say yes? Should I try it in a different language?” Arakita said. He took a step backward and presented his cheek, daring Shinkai with his glare. 

For several long seconds nothing happened, and Arakita was about to kick Shinkai out of his room when Shinkai spoke.

“Not here. Not like this,” Shinkai said, and his teeth flashed in the dim light of the room when he grinned. “Let’s go outside and race.”

“What the fuck does that have to do with--” Arakita started to say, and then it clicked. “You want to become the demon again?”

“I don’t think I could do it any other way. I like you too much,” Shinkai said, shrugging. Arakita felt his breath catch in his throat. Shinkai said it so blithely, as if his liking was barely something that needed to be commented upon. To his horror, Arakita felt his cheeks grow warm.

“Idiot,” he said, turning around to grab his jacket and hiding his blush from Shinkai. “Fine then. We’ll race, even though it’s late and Fukutomi would be pissed off.”

“Thank you,” Shinkai said, voice mild as he followed Arakita out of his room. They walked together, Shinkai just close enough to make Arakita uncomfortable. Arakita remembered that kiss. Even after jerking off to the bruise Shinkai had left on him, it still felt surprising to actually be kissing Shinkai. In Arakita’s mind, getting hit and kissing weren’t connected, but he supposed that maybe they could be.  

The light was dying outside, but neither of them were going to let that prevent them from cycling. They got on their bikes and Arakita let Shinkai pull for him, watching the smooth pumping motion of Shinkai’s thighs as they maneuvered out onto the track. Then they started going in earnest and Arakita moved up to bike beside Shinkai, matching his speed. He glanced over at Shinkai and gave him a grin.  

“Let’s see you be the demon again,” Arakita said. He reached out to put a hand on Shinkai’s back, just above the curve of his ass, the same way Fukutomi did when he wanted to spur Shinkai on ahead. Arakita pushed, and Shinkai stood up on his pedals as he accelerated.

Arakita matched Shinkai’s pace, yelling just for the fuck of it as his legs sped to catch Shinkai. They raced with abandon, Arakita’s lungs burning as he pushed himself until he was finally able to get in the lead. Arakita stood up on his pedals, straining to solidify his lead, and behind him he heard Shinkai grunt. When he looked over his shoulder, Shinkai’s eyes were glowing and his tongue was lolling out of his head, his breath coming in harsh pants.

This was what Arakita had been looking for. As hard as Arakita was pushing himself, Shinkai still caught up. They were shoulder to shoulder now, and if Arakita leaned to the right their arms would touch. Arakita could almost feel Shinkai’s hot breath. When he risked a glance over, Shinkai looked utterly wild, a guttural sound was emanating from his throat and his tongue was an inhuman thing. The muscles of his shoulders were bunched and taut and his legs moved up and down relentlessly. He looked like someone who’d be more than willing and able to throw a punch.

Acting on an impulse, Arakita threw himself sideways, his bike clattering into Shinkai’s. Together they went down in a painful tumble of bikes and flesh. When Arakita managed to extricate himself from under his bike but was still on his hands and knees, Shinkai was right there, and his neck snapped back as Shinkai’s fist connected