Her face broke into a smile, her teeth shining bright in the cozy dim lighting of the room. “I agree. It is nice.”

“Are there any other traditions that you’re going to try to rope me into?” Ichabod said as he pushed his needle through a cranberry, sliding it down onto the thread.

“Well,” Abbie said, drawing out the word with a sly smile on his face. “There is mistletoe. Did they have that back in your day?”

“I am unfamiliar with what a hemiparasitic plant could possibly have to do with this holiday,” Ichabod said, stiff in response to her teasing.

“Hemipara--never mind,” Abbie said. “The point of mistletoe is that, during the holidays, you hang it from the rafters and then if two people meet under the mistletoe, they have to kiss.”

Ichabod swallowed. “Oh,” he said in a small voice. Unable to help himself, he asked, “And you would have me put this mistletoe up--in here?”

“Yeah, you never know, if you caught Katrina under it it could help get you guys back together,” Abbie said, and Ichabod deflated somewhat. Of course she would only be thinking of his marriage, and not the two of them kissing. He had been ridiculous to think otherwise.

“I’m not sure that even mistletoe could save our marriage,” Ichabod said, feeling low. When he thought of kissing his wife under the mistletoe, it wasn’t a happy thought; he imagined her turning away from him, wanting to speak only of the redeemability of her beloved horseman. 

“That bad, huh?” The look Abbie was giving him was unreadable. Ichabod knew that she was not a great supporter of Katrina’s, and he wondered if Abbie secretly rooted for the dissolution of their marriage.

He halfway-hoped that she did. 

“Does the fact that we’re living separately not adequately express that the relationship is troubled?” Ichabod said. “Even if she were to convince me that she harbors no feelings for the horseman, I am not sure we could ever go back to the way we were when we first married. I don’t know that I feel that way for her any longer.”

“You’re not in love with her anymore?” Abbie now bent her head over her garland, her hair falling to obscure her face so that Ichabod couldn’t see her expression, had no idea how she might feel about her question’s answer.

Ichabod took his time before answering. It was a serious question, and one he had asked himself many times over the last several weeks without being able to give a clear answer. But now, sitting beside someone for whom his feelings were waxing rather than waning, it seemed clear. 

“No,” he said slowly. “No, I don’t believe I am.”

“Is that so.” Abbie looked up, and he saw that there was an uncharacteristic vulnerability in her eyes. Something electric seemed to pass between them, echoing the force that Ichabod had felt when he first met her, when he was convinced that they were meant to be witnesses together.

“Truthfully,” Ichabod said, his heart beating fast at his own recklessness. “There is someone else I’d rather kiss under the mistletoe.”

Abbie held his gaze, not looking away. “Really,” she said, the word drawn out, heavy with skepticism. 

“Really,” Ichabod said. Carefully, slowly, working to telegraph his movements so that she could turn him away if she chose to, he stretched forward to cup her cheek in his palm. When Abbie didn’t move, he leaned forward and kissed her. His heart hammered in his chest and he couldn’t help but remember his dream, when she’d melted into his arms.

Just as he had in his dreams, he was ignoring his marriage vows. But Katrina didn’t want him, and he couldn’t ignore the love he felt for Abbie. He’d gone to purgatory for her, and he’d do it again. Damn his vows.

Abbie stayed still, her lips warm against his own, for a beat or two before she leaned back. But she didn’t move very far and she didn’t push his hand off her cheek.

“Ichabod,” she said softly, and he shivered at the unusual pleasure of hearing her say his first name. “What are we doing?”

“Do you want this?” he asked, his voice just as soft. “If you don’t, I’ll stop, and we shall never speak of it again.”

“Of course I want this,” she said immediately, and he was heartened by the speed of her answer. “But Katrina--I mean, you said it, you guys are separated. But are you sure that this is the way?”

Ichabod wasn’t sure. He hadn’t intended to do this when he’d woken up this morning. But the reality of Abbie, her smile and her voice and her closeness, had