only been thirteen then, his strange crush only deepening in the four years since he'd come to live with Steve and Peggy.

***

“Can we watch a movie,” Bucky asks when the stew is on to cook and he's finished as much of the essay as he can while being entirely too distracted by the subject matter. Besides, it's not due for two more days and he knows he'll get some time to do it while Steve isn't home to distract him.

And he's only really got a few more hours of having Steve all to himself before Peggy gets home.

***

Meeting Peggy for the first time goes a little more smoothly than meeting Steve. If Bucky had been old enough to analyze it, this might have been the moment he realized he was well and truly gay but it would be another two years before he'd reach that conclusion.

But Peggy was beautiful in that movie star sense and so observant that Bucky was afraid to even look at Steve while she was in the room, knowing she'd flay his thoughts open in a moment of eye contact.

He was very quiet and 'shy' in those first couple of years. At least until he stopped popping awkward boners every time Steve walked into the room.

***

They decide on a scary movie, because they've seen all the comedies, don't care for the rom-coms, but mostly because Bucky swears he can handle it, that they baby him too much and refuse to let him grow up.

Steve's eyes go all soft and sad after that and Bucky nearly storms off to his room because he hates disappointing Steve but somehow that seems to be all he's good at.

Steve must see his flight response winning out over any others, Bucky going tense and angling himself so that one sweetly condescending word from Steve will send him scurrying up the stairs. He grins like Bucky's never broken his heart. “Alright, first one to chicken out does dishes for a month.”

Bucky can't let the challenge slide (just as Steve knew, the dick) and stomps over to throw himself down beside Steve as if it wasn't his idea in the first place.

“Don't tell Peg,” Steve warns him, pressing play and settling back beside Bucky.

“I can keep a secret,” Bucky promises.

***

It was Peggy who put her foot down about Bucky watching horror films. To be fair, he'd been fifteen and sometimes begged to sleep between her and Steve.

Once again, something he realized now was probably fifty percent psychosomatic. Scary movies equals 'nightmares' equals sleeping pressed up against Steve. Bucky had loved horror movies.

Until Peggy said there'd be no more scary films, that they obviously dredged up bad feelings for him and were only hurting him.

Bucky hated himself for faking it so many times and ruining a good thing.

But she was only doing it because she cared. Never mind that Bucky had nightmares after Disney movies too.

***

“Don't tell Peg,” Steve repeats, staring wide-eyed at the screen Bucky can't even see what with Steve's hand covering his eyes.

“I can still hear it,” Bucky points out just as someone's abruptly cutoff scream was followed by the wet slick sound of guts hitting the floor. Bucky had spent three months when he was ten living with avid hunters, he knew that sound.

“Fuck,” Steve agrees, using his hand over Bucky's face to pull him closer, burying his nose in Steve's neck and using his now free hands to cover Bucky's ears.

It takes everything Bucky has not to burrow closer and soak in Steve's warmth and smell. Steve had stopped hugging him sometime last year, muttering about propriety and other bullshit, and Bucky had missed the comfort of his backbreaking squeezes ever since. Not that he thought anyone would respond well if he said so.

So...gift horses and all that. Bucky stays right where he is, using the excuse of escalating horror to grip Steve tighter.

“Is it too much,” Steve asks, curling his arm righter around Bucky's waist and pulling him closer.

“No, it's okay,” Bucky breaths, heart pounding and whole body going stiff when he realizes he is getting hard.

“Are you sure,” Steve asks again, craning his neck to try and meet Bucky's eyes despite the uncomfortable angle.

“Yeah, it's great,” Bucky whispers before he thinks about how that might sound.

“What,” Steve asks, pulling away with a frown.

“Nothing,” Bucky mumbles, averting his eyes and accidentally leading Steve's gaze to where he most wanted it to be.

“Are you…” Steve shakes his head, confusion warring with...something, his eyes drawn back to Bucky's bulge like he can't help it.

“I didn't mean to. I'm sorry,” Bucky says before blushing, because—well, duh. “I'm sorry,” he says again,