much choice.

Three days later, Sam had heard nothing.  Nothing from Dean, nothing from Cas.  So when Ruby called to tell him that Lilith was headed for the last seal and they needed to stop her, now, Sam took the Impala and went.  The whole drive, he was praying to Castiel, begging him for some other alternative, some other way.  At least let him know that Dean had it.  But there was nothing.  No word, no reassurance.  No Cas.

There wasn’t time for Ruby to be gentle about it.  She poured blood down his throat until he choked, and then poured more.  She got him to Lilith with two minutes to midnight, and he took Lilith down with a minute to spare.

Lilith’s laughter cut through the haze as she bled out, as Sam held himself back from trying to drink her blood as well.  And then Dean and Cas were there, too late to stop it as the blood swirled into the sigil that unlocked the last seal and Lucifer was free to rise.

Cas took the Winchesters to safety.  Sam fell to his knees, trying to throw up as much of the blood as he could, but very little trickled out.  Castiel knelt beside him.  “Sam, I’m sorry.  I failed you badly, and I hope in time to make it up to you.”  He reached out to put a hand on Sam’s shoulder.

Sam jerked away.  “Don’t touch me.  Don’t… don’t act like everything’s okay.  It’s not.”

Cas flinched, but accepted it, standing up and backing away.  He looked to Dean.  “What do we do now?”

“What the hell is there to do?  The three of us, we can’t take on two archangels.  So we go find Bobby, make sure Sam’s okay after… what happened.  And we fight back against whatever we can find to fight back against.”  Dean went to Sam, squatting in front of him so that he could catch Sam’s eyes.  “You on board here, Sammy?  Us and Cas, we barely got a chance, but we need you in fighting shape.”

Sam retched a couple more times, producing just a little more of the blood.  Nothing else was going to come, and he stared at Dean’s hands.  He couldn't meet Dean's eyes.  “I don’t know, Dean.  What I did, I knew better, I’d been warned where that road led… I don’t think I’ll ever be clean from that.  I’ll fight, you raised me better than to fuck up like this and just walk away from the mess I made.  But don’t pretend like I’m not a monster.  I am.”

“No, you’re not.  I am.”  Castiel reached out to touch Sam, but caught himself and pulled back.  “You tried to find another way, and when none appeared, you did what you thought you had to.  With the information you had, it was the correct decision.”

“Where were you, Cas?”  Sam got to his feet.  “Why’d you pull away from me?”

“I was taken back to Heaven, and put through reeducation.  They made me… what I went through, it was a struggle.  They intended to break me.  I fought, and they never quite broke me to the point where I wasn’t fighting, but they got me to where I was fighting myself.  And the wrong part of me was winning, until I realized what you were doing.  Until I felt the blood.”

“You could feel it?”

“I could.”  Castiel reached towards Sam again, this time not pulling back, putting a hand on Sam’s elbow.  “It saved me.  It got me fighting for the right side.  Just a little too late.  I knew Lilith was the final seal, after my reeducation.  I knew we had to stop you from killing her.  If we’d been just a minute earlier…”

“I’d still be…”

“Sammy, no one here cares.”  Dean hauled Sam into a hug.  “Let’s get to Bobby, figure out where we go from here.”

Fighting back was hard.  It got harder when they learned that both sides were after them because they were the true vessels.  It got almost impossible when Ellen and Jo sacrificed themselves to give Dean a shot at Lucifer – which failed.  Never even had a chance at working.  Every time Dean started losing faith, Castiel made him look at the blue thread between the brothers.

When Gabriel died, and the plan became shoving Lucifer’s ass back into the Cage instead of killing him, Sam knew what was coming.  And when he told the others what he thought had to happen, they fought it… but they all knew.

This time, pouring the blood down his own throat, it was different.  It was scary as hell.  With Ruby and Lilith, Sam had something to