inside, where he found Sam and Dean fighting over whether to put the angel or the star on top of the tree.  “You two gotta be kidding.  Cas’ll be in any minute; ask him.”

Sam rolled his eyes, but nodded.  Dean laughed.  “Fair enough.”

The door slammed closed, and Jody dropped a couple of bags on the couch.  “It’s Christmas, and you boys missed out on a lot of traditions.  So we’re doing this right.”

“Uh-oh.”  Sam reached out to hug Benny, but drew back.  “Wow, you’re cold.”

“Course I am.”

“Well, we’ve got a cure for that.”  Jody reached into one of the bags and handed Benny a bright red sweater.  It was covered with snowmen, orange bobbles sticking out for each one’s nose.  “Put it on.”

Benny looked skeptically at the sweater, but pulled it on.  It was even uglier on him than off.  “Jody, you know I love you, but…”

Sam wrapped an arm around Benny and pulled him close.  “You look ridiculous.  It’s cute.”

“Thanks.”

Jody laughed and handed another sweater to Sam.  His was dark green, decorated with poinsettias.  Sam pulled it on with a grin.  “Did you look for the ugliest sweaters you could find, Jody?”

“Yep!  It’s tradition.”  She tossed a pale blue be-penguined sweater to Dean and pulled on a brown one decorated to look like a reindeer’s head, with the antlers going down the sleeves.

“Why?”

Jody shrugged.  “No idea.  I just know it’s the one time of year I don’t have to fight Claire to wear a sweater.”

Claire stuck her tongue out at Jody as she and Cas came in.  She dug out a navy blue sweater with cobwebs of snowflakes, and handed a black sweater with bells on it to Alex.  “Where’s Cas’s?”

“Here.”  Jody threw a white sweater to Claire, who pulled it over Cas’s head.  Benny buried his face in Sam’s chest while he laughed at the lovely gossamer wings that flowed from Cas’s shoulders.

“Is this supposed to be an angel sweater?” Castiel asked as he stretched his arms out.

“Exactly.”  Claire giggled.

“Speaking of which.”  Dean held up the two tree toppers.  “Which one should we use?”

Castiel looked critically at them.  “The star.  That angel looks far too much like Naomi.  No one deserves to have Naomi staring at them throughout the holiday season.”

Benny learns of a Christmas tradition the boys never followed.

Thanks to my awesome beta, under_a_grey_cloud!

“How’s Santa gonna get into the Bunker?”

Sam looked up from his computer and stared at Benny.  “What?”

“How’s Santa gonna get in here?  No chimney, no windows, warded to all getout…”  Benny sat in the chair across from Sam’s.  “Where do you hang stockings?  No fireplace, either.  Thought humans were supposed to do all that.”

Sam grinned.  “I don’t think the Men of Letters really cared much about Santa.  If they did, it was to classify and monitor him to make sure he didn’t need to be hunted.”

“That’s awful!  So you and Dean don’t hang stockings?”

“Are you kidding?  We never had stockings to hang, even before Dean gave up trying to let me be the kind of normal kid who believes in Santa.”  Sam’s face softened into a wistful look.  “Would’ve been nice, but just never happened.  Not for me, anyway.  Maybe Dean believed in Santa, before…”  His voice trailed off into the silence.

Christmas morning, Sam woke up expecting a normal day.  He brushed his teeth, got dressed, and headed for the kitchen for coffee.  Dean was already there, staring at the oven.  “Sammy?  Know anything about this?”

Four huge stockings hung over the oven, each labeled with a name.  “Not exactly.  Benny was asking me about stockings yesterday, and I told him we never had them as kids.  So he’d be my guess.”

“Cas helped,” Benny said with a smile.  “Merry Christmas, love.”

Dean grabbed his stocking and looked inside.  “Is this all candy?”

“Yep.  Yours is, anyway.  The rest of us got real oranges in the bottom instead of a chocolate orange.”  Benny got his stocking and unwrapped a giant chocolate Santa from his stocking.  He bit the head off and grinned.

Benny learns about eggnog.

Thanks to my awesome beta, under_a_grey_cloud, who helped me get over a bad case of writer's block with this one!

“I don’t get it.  Who drinks raw egg in their milk?”  Benny stirred the eggnog, though.

Sam shrugged as he opened a bottle of rum.  “The way Dean and I do it, it’s really more like drinking raw egg in your rum.”

“