through of the interview.




chris is gonna have to fight me if he wants to be head of your fan club





should add a catsuit to your collection of weird outfits





awe , bless anne . miss her




It’s after Ronnie Wood’s question that Louis really finds his groove though.




“he’s nice” ? that all you have to say on that ?





what? he is nice





the man let you grind on him on national television harold we all saw it . you shouldnt pretend otherwise




Harry flushes a bit as, in the background, Nick is talking about what a great guy Ronnie is. He’s about to type out an answer when his phone is buzzing with another text in his hand.




more with the lying hazza ? how can you live with yourself ?





what have i done now?




He honestly wasn’t paying attention enough to know what Louis is referring and he’s unsure if he sure try to backtrack on the player, since then he’ll be behind if he does. He certainly can’t remember word for word what was going on when he was in the studio.



The only response he gets is more emojis- a taxi, a cellphone, and a chain- and Harry honestly thanks his years of interpreting Louis’ texts to understand that he must be referring to the text chain of jokes Grimmy had offered to add him to (and did, after they were off mic and Nick teased him again about turning down an opportunity for bad puns).



They continue to banter back and forth through the next song selection, Louis weedling out of him a confession of joining the text chain, and teasing him about his pick of playing “Issues”. After the song ends (and Louis’ emoji filled lyric quotes with it), Harry’s still giggling on his couch when he hears himself talking about babies on his laptop.



The smile fades a bit. He hadn’t thought of it at the time, but now the thought of fake babies has him and apparently all of tumblr thinking about…



His phone goes quiet for a bit while Nick reminisces about the impromptu radio show they’d done after the Brits once and he can’t help but think about the pap photos scheduled to come out that day as well. It isn’t until his choice of “Here Comes the Sun” that his phone vibrates with a new message.




you really are a hopeless sap




He can picture Louis in his mind’s eye perfectly, frown on his lips but eyes soft with love. Harry thinks of the nights spent calling each other, facetiming while Louis yells until he slumps in defeat and quietly tells Harry that he misses him. Thinks of the times they’ve been able to be together under the radar (well, not the fans radar, not the extreme detectives that make up the majority of their fanbase) and in the same place, soft kisses and tight embraces.



He’s sat alone in his home in London even now, listening to his own voice talk about the influences he grew up hearing and 

texting

 the love of his life instead of being cuddled up on the couch and listening 

together

.



He’s truly sick of it.




I wanted to play your single, just once, while I had control of the music you know




He tugs at his lip with his thumb and forefinger, slumping further in his seat and feeling once again the way he had writing Sign of the Times. As much as he says that everyone is free to interpret what he writes as they want, everything is always about Louis in some way.




baby … 





I know, but I just...I hate it, Lou, you know I do, you deserve better





so do you , love




And Harry knows he does, but the contrast of the mood he’s slipped into and the way his past is laughing and joking about Hobama with Nick through the speakers of his computer twangs sour in his mouth and he has the urge to scream, “I’M HARRY STYLES AND I’VE BEEN IN LOVE WITH LOUIS TOMLINSON SINCE I WAS SIXTEEN!”



But he can’t. Not yet.



He must have been sitting there feeling sorry for himself for a while, because it’s to the tune of his voice prattling on about wearing boots back home for the first time that a knock comes at the door. Followed by the back door opening and closing. Harry clutches his phone to his chest defensively, confused and startled.



It’s Louis. Of course it’s Louis. Rushing in all rumpled and flushed like he might have rushed the last bit of his journey.



“Lou?” Harry’s voice cracks on the syllable, and suddenly Isn’t She Lovely starts playing from his laptop.



“Hazza…” Louis takes wide strides to cross over to him, taking the mobile from his hands and setting it to the side as he scoops Harry into his arms. “I’m here baby”



The younger man tucks his face into Louis’ neck, letting himself be manipulated into sitting sideways in the other man’s lap. “How…?”



“Wanted to surprise you, yeah? Always