lips to the inside of Liam’s knee. He does it again, and Zayn’s groan matches his own.

“Good boy.”

Liam’s hips buck down against his fingers, his words going straight to his cock. “Yeah.”

Zayn wraps a hand around himself, lazily pumping his cock with loose fingers as Liam adds a third. His eyes are intent on him, lip trapped between his teeth and fuck –

“D’you think about me?” Zayn asks, voice rougher. “When you toss off? Think about my cock inside of you instead of your fingers – instead of that toy I saw in your nightstand.”

Liam moans, legs quaking as his fingers brush over that bundle of nerves. Embarrassment curls with arousal in his belly, and he feels as if he is going to catch on fire probably if Zayn keeps talking. “Always you.”

“Yeah.” Zayn’s breath hitches and he grabs the bottle of lube Liam left by his side so he can slick himself up.

“I always think about you too,” Zayn says, grabbing one of Liam’s thighs as he pushes up onto his knees and pulls him close. Liam keeps working his fingers into himself, until Zayn wraps his fingers around his wrist to tell him to stop. “Even before –“ he waves a hand towards the wall, a soft smile on his face.

“Weird, without the music,” Liam breathes, eyes widening and feeling too overwhelmed that he knows his grin probably looks strained, because he can’t wrap his head around what Zayn is trying to say -

Zayn smirks, leaning forward to brush his lips against Liam’s, whispering, “Baby, let me rock your body, ride your body, kiss your favorite spot –“

“Fuck, yeah okay,” Liam huffs out, grabbing Zayn’s hips and regretting saying anything because he definitely can’t handle that. He had been joking, just to ease the situation because he feels like he might burst.

“Where is it?” Zayn asks, quirking up a brow. “Your favorite spot?”

“Um,” Liam swallows thickly, his Adam’s Apple bobbing angrily in his throat. “Um. I’m fine with you kissing me anywhere, really.”

Zayn snorts, leaning down to press his lips to Liam’s chest, against that dip between his collarbones as he grabs his inner thighs, spreading his legs further apart. Yep – definitely a good spot. “You love when I reach up underneath and grab between your thighs like that,” he sings.

“I do,” Liam moans shamelessly, fingers pressing in Zayn’s hips to nudge him closer. Zayn is definitely going to kill him.

Zayn lines himself up, nudging the tip of his cock against Liam’s hole when he moves his face back in front of Liam’s, singing with a tight voice as he pushes forward , “And we can make love –“

Liam’s breath hitches, his eyes falling shut as Zayn stretches him, pushing deeper gently, like he is unsure of how much Liam can take. A lot, he wants to assure him.  As rough as Zayn wants to get -

“Good,” Liam moans, hands sliding up Zayn’s back roughly. He wants to sing along because the smile on Zayn’s face when he sings is easing the small remainder of nerves from him. This is his same Zayn, he reminds himself. The same Zayn that it is always easy to be himself around, despite everything he feels for him. “Or we can just –“

Zayn cuts him off abruptly, biting at his lips as he shakes his head.

“No,” is all he says and Liam wants to voice his confusion, but Zayn is pulling his hips back and pressing forward, a little rougher and deeper like he is building up to slow and rough.

“Okay, just –“ Liam clenches his eyes shut for a moment, breath getting stuck in his throat as Zayn thrusts into him roughly. “Keep talking to me.”

There is a ghost of a grin on Zayn’s parted lips, tongue flicking out to wet the bottom as he grinds deep into Liam, hitting that bundle of nerves that make his legs quake. He leans forward, blanketing Liam’s body with his own to whisper the words against his jaw, his rough voice matching the way he strokes into Liam.

“Fucking tight babe,” Zayn grits out. “You feel so good.”

Liam whimpers, nails digging into Zayn’s hips as he meets his thrusts. His cock rubs between their abdomens, sliding against the precome sticking to Zayn’s stomach and fuck –

Zayn grabs his wrist roughly, pinning it above Liam’s head before he links their fingers. “You would like it rough,” he says, voice nearly a growl under the loud slap of their skin. He pulls out, thrusting back into Liam so gently that his chest expands, and maybe he should have asked for that instead. “For you, I can be tender, I can be rough –“

It’s the last line Zayn sings before he is