’t a sex bot.”

“I’m your sex slave,” Harry says the words etched in his system, void of anything. “Yours to use, yours to throw out when I bore you.”

“You’re more than that,” the anger and defeat battle in Liam’s eyes. “I thought I was ready to install the emotions so that you can be real, Harry.”

“All I’m good for,” Harry unbuckles Liam’s jeans and pulls them down, “is sex.” He kneels in front of Liam, mouthing at the bare cock. The main shaft is curved just the slightest bit, the tip glistening with the pre. Harry mews obscenely innocently before lapping at the bead of salty fluid. Harry may have been turned on by the moan Liam lets out. He licks a path from the crown to the underside, the little gap between the shaft and the head, and delves his tongue in just a bit. It’s unfair for humans, with their pesky feelings and sensitivity. Harry suppresses a giggle and licks to the main shaft, mapping out each and every vein on it. He nips at the main, thick vein on the underside of Liam’s large cock, garnering a loud series of grunts. He’s barely begun suckling on the balls when he hears a loud gasp, signalling his release.

“I could keep sucking you off,” Harry purrs, stroking the place between the jewels and the length, making Liam fully hard again. “Make you gush down my throat, after hours and hours of fucking it.” He impales his mouth on Liam’s prick again, fully minding the fact that he’s susceptible to human things called a refractory period. The sensitised cock makes it easier for Harry to have Liam come again, just by having his lush dick halfway blocking Harry’s air supply. (If he had one.) Harry moans, deep-throating Liam for good ten, maybe fifteen minutes, before Liam grips his hair, a definite sign that he doesn’t want to release in Harry’s mouth. He ignores his master’s order for the second time that day and keeps sucking Liam until the bitter come dribbles down his lips, most of it down his throat.

“I think I can make you come for the fourth time today,” Harry continues, a seductive grin spreading across his face, a programme he had Zayn install on him. “Make you come dry.”

“You came once today,” Liam points out. “That’s enough for you.”

“Do you want to install the human orgasm on me, master?” Harry paws at Liam’s abs, feeling the bumps. “That was you can lap at something for a start?”

 

Harry ends up straddling Liam on his master bed, hoping his weight with all the compartments aren’t too much for his human master. He purrs like a well-fed kitten before dipping his head down for a heated kiss. Kissing is Harry’s favourite programme, he decides, since it’s the most human part of him he’ll ever have. Liam seems to like kissing Harry too, his cock hardening against Harry’s arse. He rubs his bum down, fucking his arse crack against the length of Liam. The pre rubs off of Harry’s bum, an action Harry would find erotic were he human. He grips Liam’s hard-on and pushes just the head in, enjoying the kiss he shares with Liam. Kissing is underrated for most of Harry’s parts (pun intended) and he just kisses Liam until he almost forgets he’s in middle of sex with him. Liam rolls his hips a couple times before really starting a rhythm. It’s broken, like Harry, and Liam thrusts his hips in a mechanic speed, with zero finesse. Harry whimpers, his pain programme starting to work, and bites Liam’s shoulder to smother his cries. His teeth leave blatant marks on Liam’s otherwise flawless skin, purpling and forming shapeless bruises. Harry just goes lax as Liam fucks him, feeling his master come inside of him twice before Harry, too, comes.

“I don’t love you,” Liam whispers against Harry’s neck, sucking on a mark that will last weeks if Harry deters his healing programme. “But I always will.”

-

Harry didn’t know he was capable of human ministrations but he’s having an android version of freaking out. He can’t regulate his internal temperature and he can’t see straight.

Fuck, Liam, he manages to think after his episode is over. What are you doing to me?

“See? You’re falling for our master,” Louis alt-tenor voice interrupts him. “Shame, I thought you won’t be a repeat of Niall.”

“What do you even know about Niall?” Harry growls at the hound, secretly calculating a way to dismember the pet without angering his master. “You weren’t even here when he was.”

“I was a gift to Niall by Liam,” Louis