tip toes. She looks expectantly at him until he nods.

“And my birthday. October twenty.”

“Best day of my life. I remember,” Liam smiles, reaching over to pat her cheek.

She sighs dramatically, looking at him with wide eyes before looking down at her feet.

“What is it, cupcake?”

“Well, I don’t want a birthday party,” she starts.

Liam’s hesitant in asking why because who knows what idea Louis has probably planted in her head, a ridiculously expensive idea if the puppy eyes she is using against him is any indication.

“Sab is my only friend,” Lily states. Liam leans his elbows in front of her. The café is pretty much dead today, he’s only had about five customers since his shift started. “So can we just have a Halloween and birthday together party?”

“I’m sure you have other friends, Lil.”

“No. No one is as nice as Sab.”

Liam frowns, his heart falling into his stomach. She doesn’t look like it bothers her really, she’s not quiet and shy like when something is bothering her, but Liam kind of really hates it anyway. “What do you mean by that?”

Lily shrugs, and that’s all he gets. He hopes the new counselor can help him with that, with getting Lily to talk more about what she’s thinking about. “So can I?”

“I’m sure that’s fine, babe. I’ll talk to Zayn and we’ll plan something.”

Lily jumps excitedly. “Thanks, Papa. Can I be an Iron Princess?”

“Uh…sure.”

 

Liam can’t let it go and Lily won’t talk about it, no matter how many times he brings it up. He never pushes her when she doesn’t answer him, he’s afraid of what reaction that might cause but he just can’t stop bringing it up. He’s considered asking Tricia, but she doesn’t reveal much about what Lily says – when she does talk to her, that is.

So he meets with Mrs. Watson when he picks her up from school. Lily’s sitting at a table, and she looks happy, a smile bright on her face but she’s with Sab – just Sab. There are a few kids still lingering there, some on the carpet or at other tables.

“Well Liam, I haven’t really seen anything out of the ordinary. Those two are definitely attached at the hip, though. I can keep an eye on them, now that you’ve shared your concern with me, I can see if there is something I haven’t been noticing.”

Liam nods. That’s good. “Does she seem quiet to you? Like when you two talk?”

Mrs. Watson considers it. “She’s a bit quiet, compared to the others. But it’s nothing that I would be alarmed about. I can try to integrate her into other groups, if you’d like?”

“No,” Liam says quickly. That would probably do more damage than good if she wasn’t allowed to be with Sab. It’s not a problem, having only one friend – having a best friend like that is great, he knows with Louis, who used to (and still does) make him feel better whenever Liam had gotten upset about other kids making fun of him, or didn’t want to be his friend– he just hopes that it’s not something that’s bothering her like it bothered him.

“I will keep an eye on her. She’s doing amazing. Very smart, she is.”

“Yeah,” Liam agrees, distractedly, eyes finding Lily again. She’s practically glowing when she smiles, giggling at something Sab is drawing. Sab is smiling too, and Liam finds the same fondness in his chest that he has when he looks at his daughter. When he looks at Zayn too, when his smile makes the corner of his eyes crunch at the creases just like Sab’s are now and Liam’s starting to fall in love with it.

He sees those crinkled eyes, tongue pressed to the back of the teeth when Zayn walks over to the kids, reaching down to pat both of them on the head. He’s wearing his dark blue scrubs and that explains why he hadn’t heard from Zayn yet today.

Not that it matters, of course, but he’s kind of been texting Zayn non-stop since he left after their non-date. And that feels important.

Zayn sends a soft smile when he looks over and Liam feels like a teenager, cheeks warming and his heart picking up a pace, which normally is a bad feeling but right now it’s not.

“Is that all you wanted to talk about, Mr. Payne?”

Liam looks back at her, an apologetic smile on his lips. “Yes, thank you so much.”

He feels a little bit better about the