onto the bed and licking his lips. He meets Harry’s eyes and slides down the bed to breathe on his cock. “But I really should go before Eleanor puts a hit out on me.”

Harry’s head goes thumping back against the bed and he groans. “You’re such a tease,” he says. “Tommo the Tease.”

Louis throws him a look in search of his trousers and therefore his phone. “You think you’re so funny.” He locates the phone and winces when he sees the lock screen. It’s still a photo of Liam and his gold medal, but Louis doesn’t have time to remember watching the great Liam Payne sob on national TV because he has dozens of missed calls and texts.

A few from Niall, two from Liam, a few from Zayn.

You didn’t tell me you’d met Harry on the plane, says the one from Liam. A few minutes later, he’d added, Talked to Zayn, never mind. Louis stares down at it curiously before swiping to the left and pulling up the texts from Eleanor.

She’s angry, to say the least. Once she’d gotten over the initial soreness of being left at the theater to watch the film, she’d very quickly moved on to chewing him out for ditching to go hang in a hotel in the middle of Paris. During Fashion Week.

Louis rolls his eyes, and watches as his phone notifies Eleanor that he’s read the texts. She starts typing immediately; has probably been checking her phone since he’d vanished last night.

Good you’re awake, she tells him. Are you still in the hotel? I’m going to kill you.

But Eleanor. Louis is not above whining. I was visiting Harry.

He risks a glance back at the man in question and immediately regrets it. Harry has thrown the blankets off completely and is unashamedly stroking his cock, eyes half lidded. “What?” he says. “Your fault.”

Louis looks back down at his phone.

Harry. Eleanor does not sound impressed. Harry who.


Wow. You’re not even doing question marks today, huh.



Who.


Louis looks between his phone and Harry on the bed. Um, what?

His phone rings. Louis answers it on autopilot, mouth falling open as he watches the slick slide of Harry’s hand as it moves up and down.

“Harry who?” says Eleanor, right in his ear.

“Cellist Harry?” Louis notices that his voice sounds very far away. “From the plane?”

On the bed, Harry pauses. “You do know I’m not actually a cellist, Lou,” he asks, but his voice is high and thin, eyelashes fluttering against his cheekbones. “It was just a--gods--one time thing.” He pauses, reconsidering. “Several time thing,” he corrects. “Like--maybe three things.”

Louis swallows. “But you named him Marcel?”

“This is true.” Harry shifts his hips on the bed a little and ends up slipping, cracking his voice in two and making his moan echo around the room.

Louis is suddenly incredibly aware of the fact that his agent is on the other line. “Um,” he says. “I--um.” He’s not really sure where his brain went at all, but it took his vocabulary with it. Also his tact. (Though, to be fair, Louis’ not sure if he even had tact to begin with.)

Thankfully, Eleanor does not seem to have the same problem. “We have a flight in two hours,” she says. “If I do not see you back in this hotel room packing your sorry excuse for a suitcase, Hollywood will have to settle for the next best thing because I will kill--”

“Yes, thank you, Eleanor, mood’s officially ruined,” Louis rushes to say. “Cheers.”

“Mood?” Eleanor asks. “What mood--Louis--”

“Heeeeeeey!” says Harry. He flings a foot out and glowers at Louis, a move that is somewhat ruined by the way his hand never once stops its movement. “There’s nothing ruined about it.”

Louis doesn’t blink. “Two hours?” he says, interrupting Eleanor’s flustered ranting. “See you then.” He hits the end call harder than needed and sets the phone and his trousers down. “I’ll show you ruined,” he mutters, and then gets on the bed to do just that.

--

After that, Louis finds it incredibly hard to stay away from Harry. Not that he’d been doing so before, but he’d been busy and Harry’d been busy and he wasn’t about to take a transcontinental flight for the possibility of a booty call. Not that Harry’s a booty call--God forbid; the papers had made Louis’ random jaunt to London mid-shoot in LA the other week into some big, dramatic thing, and Harry’d spent most of the night laughing hysterically about