the school -”

Caroline gives him a moment to press his hands to his face and catch his breath before she urges him to get back inside. He does reluctantly, with his feet dragging and eyes finding the floor instead of looking at his step mother. He learned a long time ago that looking at her plastic face for too long makes his nightmares even scarier.

“What were you even doing back there? Aren’t you supposed to be working? You know, it doesn’t even matter. Come with me, we are going to pick up your brothers.”

Lucy digs her talon shaped nails into his shoulder and it feels like tiny knives digging into his skin. She reeks of old lady perfume and her eggshell colored shirt is so tight that her breasts nearly pop out of the top of it. Her face looks like someone pressed an iron to her cheeks, shiny and tight, and her lips are more than full. They are bloated looking, like a blown up balloon.

“I want you to be there when they talk about how they won Homecoming Kings.”

Zayn rolls his eyes but follows with a quick wave to Caroline, whose eyes are wide and worrisome. He doubts Danny and Ant were even a consideration for Homecoming King.

When they get to the school, Lucy pulls in front of the entrance where there is a small crowd of students gathered, waiting for their rides. Zayn sits in the back, trying to make himself as small as possible when he spots Liam walking out, with a plastic, golden crown planted in those messy curls and one held tightly in his hand. It makes him look like a proper prince and it tugs tightly at Zayn’s chest.

Of course he won Homecoming King. Everyone loves him, Liam Payne – and they don’t even know him. They would dislike him if they did, and that thought makes Zayn hate everyone more.

His phone vibrates, and he doesn’t check it because he knows it is Liam because he watches him pull out his cellphone as he makes his way across the parking lot to the Jeep.

Zayn barely notices when his step brothers get into the car, and he tones out their excessive chatter about the dance and how upset they were because Liam Payne and some guy in a Batman costume won Homecoming Kings.

When they get to the house, he practically runs upstairs to the attic despite his step mother calling his name. He curls up on his bed with his sketchpad and a pencil held too tightly between his fingers, making the lines too dark as he sketches out Liam as his Prince Charming.

++

Liam falls into his bed, tugging the comforter into his neck before scrolling through the messages pulled up on his phone. He aches, like he just had a particularly bad football practice but he had barely moved all night. Just one dance.

PrinceBoy still doesn’t have a face, only a sharp jawline coated in some sort of ink that made a mock beard and these eyes that are an amber color that reminds him of the whiskey his father drinks every night before bed. They are surrounded by thick lashes and Liam swears there is no way they could have met before because there is no way he would ever forget eyes like that. And his soft pink lips, that were purple and swollen when he pulled away from them.

And he doesn’t have a name either, only a voice with a hint of an accent he can’t quite place, and hesitancy that Liam isn’t sure is good or bad.

Bad, maybe because it is clear Liam, or his friends, have had an effect on him somehow.

But good, maybe, because he kissed him back and on his own and admitted to seeing him differently than he has before.

Liam rubs a thumb against his lips, imagining the way PrinceBoy’s felt against his own. He sighs, rereading his last message over and over again. It’s a simple ‘hope everything is okay’ because Princeboy had rushed away quite fast, but it has gone unanswered for nearly twenty minutes now and that is unlike him.

The Homecoming King’s crowns sit on his bookshelf and he smiles at what the announcer lady had told him, how she spotted them walking out together and thought it was cute. Like a proper couple.

It felt like they could be a proper couple. They fit together nicely against the gazebo’s support beam, despite the bulky Batman suit and his itchy prince costume. Their lips moved like they have been practicing the perfect kiss for years, and it just – felt really fucking good to be with him, finally.

Liam pulls out of his thoughts when his phone dings and he sees the blue message slide onto the screen.


PrinceBoy: yes sry step moms a right bitch about curfew had a good nite tho x


He hesitates before responding, because he is constantly worried about being a nag. (Though, not really since he keeps doing it anyway). But if PrinceBoy wanted him to know his name really, he would have shouted it back at Liam or something, right?


Battyboy7: u nvr told me ur name :’(


The floating dots