each other again.

 “I’m up now, it better be for a good reason, you prick,” Zayn chuckles, nipping at Liam’s bottom lip. His eyes are heavy with sleep, his voice hoarse and raspy and Liam is in love.

Liam presses his hips forward and Zayn chuckles, grinding his hips against Liam’s hard length until Liam is gasping against his lips.

“Is my prick a good reason?” Liam breathes, arousal filling his stomach.

“Not really,” Zayn shrugs and Liam is laughing, pressing down on Zayn’s shoulders so he rolls onto his back. Liam straddles his thighs, leaning forward to lick into Zayn’s mouth. Liam’s not wearing anything, and Zayn’s hands slip across his back and cup the curve of Liam’s ass to grind their hips together. It’s a slow grind, lips moving against each other languidly, their breathing a little more labored than Zayn’s when he had been sleeping.

Liam runs his tongue along Zayn’s jaw, scraping his teeth down the curve of his neck as Zayn’s hands roam his body. He carries on, rolling his tongue over more and more skin. He could spend hours marking him up, tasting every curve of muscle, every line of ink. He bites gently at the heart on his hip and Zayn lets out a low groan, fingers running through the hair at the top of Liam’s head. He’d spend hours with his mouth against Zayn’s skin if he made noises like that.

“You,” Liam sighs, hooking his fingers around the soft material of his briefs. “Are so gorgeous, babe.”

Zayn’s only response is a tilt of his hips, urging Liam to give him more. But Liam sees the way the flush in his cheeks run down to his chest. He’s never been able to take compliments well and Liam’s never been able to stop saying them.

He presses open mouth kisses against Zayn’s cloth covered cock, sucking gently at the head. Zayn’s keening, nails scraping roughly at Liam’s scalp. Liam moans against him, moving his mouth against the damp cloth until he moves out of Zayn’s reach, rolling his tongue around the inside of those tanned thighs. There’s already a scatter of marks starting to purple there, and he grazes his teeth against them until Zayn’s legs tremble.

“You better not have woken me just to tease me,” Zayn grits out through clenched teeth. Liam chuckles again, sitting up between his legs to tug off the briefs, pulling them down past his feet. Zayn rolls away from him, reaching the nightstand and opening the top drawer. The bottle of lube hits Liam in the chest and there’s a playful grin on Zayn’s lips when Liam looks down at him. He grabs it, giggling as he leans back down and feathers kisses against Zayn’s hips. He licks over a thumb shaped bruise like an apology, wondering if there are marks on his own hips.

“Desperate, babe?” Liam moans. He breathes hotly over Zayn, waiting a long beat before running his tongue up the length of him.

“Irritated,” Zayn says, but it’s cut off from a moan as Liam laps at the precome pooling at the head, his tongue curling and pressing against the tip. His fingers play with the cap of the bottle of lube as he teases Zayn’s cock with opened mouth kisses, barely using any pressure so Zayn lets out frustrated noises and fidgets restlessly underneath him.

“C’mon, Li,” Zayn urges as Liam wets his fingers with lube. He tugs on Liam’s shoulders until Liam is kissing up his abdomen, his fingers slipping lower. Zayn’s legs spread almost like a reflex when Liam’s finger presses against him.

He watches the way Zayn’s body arches, head tilting back so his dark hair spans across the white pillow when Liam presses a finger slowly into him. His eyes close, eyelashes spanning across his cheeks so Liam can admire the way the sun from the window glints off the gold of his cheekbones and the column of his throat. He likes the dark pink, almost purple coloring of Zayn’s lips, and the way his teeth bite down against the bottom one.

Liam hooks his finger, slowly pulling out and pressing back in. Zayn’s eyes open, wide and blown out, teeth gnawing at his lip. Liam bites at his collar bone, rolling his tongue over the ink there. The scent of him is comforting, a mixture of his lavender body soap and sweat, a hint of cigarettes and the musk of Liam’s cologne that makes him think home.

He presses in a second digit quickly, receiving little resistance from the intrusion as he stretches his fingers. He had taken his time the night before, stretching Zayn slowly, until Zayn was shouting threats at him to hurry up. Liam groans at the thought, remembering how perfect Zayn looked in his lap, fingernails biting into Liam’s shoulders as he fucked