ve a lot of enemies."



   "Your love for me will protect me, right?" 


   Love is weakness. My brother Niall told me once. He's met a Fæ during his time on Earth and he fell hopelessly in love with her. Her name was Evangelina, and she was of ice and snow. His young love for her melted her outer coldness, but her people did not like it.


   She was executed, slowly burned to death as a shackled Niall watched her die, crying out his name as he saw his lover die.



   From that day forward, Niall never stopped grieving for the ethereal female. He never had such joy in his eyes, not keeping up with other angels. His eyes are now cold and distant.



   "What're you thinking about, Haz?" Zayn snuggles his nose against mine, his breath falling on my lips. "Is it someone else?"


   Damn you, Malik, for being able to read me so easily. "Just my old friend... how he used to be before he lost the only person he ever loved."


   "I'm the Devil, Harry. No one can ever kill me." He reassures me, kissing my eyebrow. 



   "Even the most fearsome creatures were born with a weak point, Zaynie," sighing, I cup his face in my hands. "And you being your big bad Devil thing won't cut it. I know you've a weak point that you'd rather not dicuss."



   "In time I will tell you," his lips close over the small spot above my collar bone, right where the hollow part would be. "I do trust you, but it's our special time, Haz. I don't wanna ruin the moment."



   Slowly, the seductive demon kisses his way further down south. His talented tongue snakes out and laps at my navel, and I let out a soft groan. He flashes a wicked grin, his tongue delving in and I hiss, trying not to get undone before the actual - you know, thing.



   "Relax, babe. I got you." Zayn kisses lower, and my stomach flutters, as if thousand butterflies just burst free.


   "Zayn, I want you now, don't tease me so long..." I press my lips to his hand, nipping at the knuckles.


   "You're still a virgin, I don't want to hurt you," is all he says before opening my legs further, his tongue flicking at my entrance. I feel a shiver running down my spine. Zayn lets out a strangled moan before delving his tongue inside. I gasp from the initial discomfort, his tongue working its way through the ring of tight muscles, his wet warmth soothing. His tongue thrusts in further - 


   I'm wrenched back into the present, and a topaz-yellow eyed Zayn looks at me, his black wings with crimson flecks spread out, arched around his godlike form; wait, since when did they have crimson bits? Is it his new transformation? There're black sigils - I think that's what they're called? - on his beautiful pale golden skin, holy shit, his skin looks so perfect, and still remain undecipherable. Aren't I supposedly omnilingual? God, this irks me.

   "Why aren't you afraid?" He speaks in my mind, clearly not able to talk to me verbally. "I can smell suspicion rolling off of you, little angel. You don't trust me in this forme yet you gave me part of your memories with that kiss. Our memories together? You know they don't mean a thing to me." He ends the sentence-thought with a snarl, his fangs visible.

   "It matters because I love you, Zee," I feel tears pricking my eyes. Yes, our relationship has been and always will be treacherous and reckless, the path always will be (A/N Blame @LiveLoveNiallerx for making me listen to Taylor Swift, I like Treacherous, okay? Plus, she and I share an unfortunate trait of liking sappy love songs...) over last few weeks, I came to realise that I do love him. This seems so wrong in different levels but me, Harry Edward Styles, one of His beloved, has fallen for the Demon prince from Hell. Who will love? Who will fight? I guess I'm doing both...

   "Aren't I your enemy, little angel? You shouldn't associate yourself with the likes of me. Right now, I've nothing but the desire to rip into your pale throat. Drink your blood til you're moaning out my name, pathetically mewling, begging me to stop. From what you've shown, you and I fucked, no? Maybe I'll ease into your tight arse, pound into you mercilessly, making you scream my name out in ecstasy when I haven't a care. You see, little angel, I'm a true monster in this forme. I do not have a care in the world, much less your little love for me.