a piece of cake when Zayn will lull her to sleep with beautiful, melodious ballads.

 

When they are out, they are so often treated like a family that they’ve stopped bothering to deny it. Zayn will now just wrap his arm around Louis’ waist when the cashier at the Tescos exclaims what a beautiful daughter they have. Louis has to remind himself constantly that they aren’t really a couple despite the fact that he is falling ever harder every day. It isn’t easy because he’s been in love with Zayn since they were teens. He tries to remind himself that Zayn will eventually fall in love and have all this with some lucky woman and an even luckier little girl or boy who will get to call him Daddy. It’s silly being jealous of one of Zayn’s hypothetical future offspring but he can’t help but wonder how Lana will take it when the day comes. She is already so completely in love with Zayn that she can barely take her eyes off of him. Louis understands her on a deep and spiritual level.   

 

“Get in queue,” Louis tells her conspiringly one day as she stares at Zayn getting ready for the day. “I’ve been waiting for years.”

 

Lana turns to him, large expressive eyes staring curiously at the secrecy in his tone.

 

“I’ve worked long and hard to keep his other admirers at bay,” he continues. “You can’t just waltz in here, cute as anything and steal his heart away. That’s just not fair.”

 

Lana tilts her head to the side, and eyes seem to grow soft with sympathy.

 

“Don’t look at me like that,” Louis exclaims defensively. “It’s not as easy as you think it is.”

 

He’s not sure if she understands but she reaches out and pets his face gently, like she’s seen Zayn do every time he goes off on a senseless rant. Louis can’t tell whether it’s adorable or if he’s completely outraged. He stares at her for a moment, his cheeks actually going red.

 

“Oh, shut up,” he grumps in a half laugh and scoops her up, tickling until she’s squealing in delight. “You’re not allowed to be this smart so early on.”

 

It feels like it’s all been a bit too easy and Louis simply is not used to everything going so smoothly. Before long, he begins to carry around a sense of dreadful anticipation, like at any moment, he’s expecting the other shoe to drop.

 

And it does, sort of…

 

When Lana starts teething, their perfect balance gets a little out of sorts. It’s one morning at breakfast when Louis notices that Lana is a little cranky and hasn’t touched the veggie puffs she usually scarfs down greedily. He kneels before her and picks one up, guiding the little treat to her lips when she bites him. Hard.

 

“Fuck!” Louis exclaims tugging his finger out from between her gums. He’s mostly just shocked but she had clamped down pretty hard and his finger throbs painfully. Sucking the digit soothingly into his own mouth, he looks back at her and sees her eyes wide with unshed tears, her little lips trembling.

 

“Oh, babe,” he whispers, lifting her out of her seat and hugging her close.

 

Whether it’s guilt, surprise or simply her aching gums, Louis can’t tell because despite the cuddles Lana begins wailing uncontrollably.

 

“Shhhh! It’s okay, Lana! I didn’t mean to scare you. It’s alright,” Louis soothes as best as he can, stoking her hair. “Don’t cry, love.”

 

He rocks her, cuddles her, offers her the binky, her favorite stuffed elephant and her bottle but Lana just wails louder. Try as he might, all of Louis’ efforts are all in vain. He’s frustrated with himself because he should be able to handle this. He can feel his own heartbeat pick up and his anxiety levels rise, knows it won’t do anything to soothe her, that she’ll only pick up on it and feel worse but he can’t help it. He really hopes Harry doesn’t show up for an impromptu visit right now. Or worse, Liam. He can already imagine the “I told you so” face Liam will have ready for him. He growls in frustration because screw Liam and his judgement! He can handle this and it doesn’t make him a bad father!

 

“What going on?” Comes Zayn’s sleep laced voice from the doorway.

 

Louis spins ready with an apology on his lips when Lana perks up. She squirms frantically in his arms, tiny hands reaching out for Zayn. Louis can’t even pretend that doesn’t hurt. It feels like a dart into his heart when Zayn makes his way closer and relieves him of the crying little girl. One of her arms loops around Zayn’s neck and the other grabs a fistful of his shirt. It’s not