was already looking at him. Eyes a little wide with a curious and kind of expectant look. Niall bit his lip. "I...I can't. I can't talk right now. About it, it's too fre-fresh. And scary" Niall admitted looking down, then back up into Zayn's hazel eyes. 



He gripped Zayn's hand back and moved over to where he had been so he was sitting in front of Zayn. They were both on their knees when Niall moved in slowly, closed his eyes, and hesitantly placed his lips on Zayn's. Zayn let out a gentle gasp at the unexpected gesture but instantly closed his eyes and returned the kiss. They pulled away shortly after with a small smacking sound.



Zayn was the first to open his eyes. He saw that Niall's were still closed as the younger took in a deep breath and opened his eyes and he released the breath. A smile slowly worked its way onto his face. Zayn smiled when he saw Niall smiling.



"Your kisses are really soothing," Niall commented right after the smiles.



Zayn blushed a light pink at Niall's words but quickly commented back "Well, anytime you need the comfort I'm here for you. I tell you all the time I hate seeing you upset in any way."



"Thank you. Thank you so much, Zayn."



"Don't thank me silly."



"Alright, but can I kiss you again?" Niall asked, sounding a bit worried.



"Of course you can, I'm here babe."



With that being said Niall leaned in again, pushing his arms tighter around Zayn's body and pulling him in so their chests were pressed close. Zayn took the lead this time, leaning in and attaching his lips to Niall's, only for a little longer than last time.










*............*










It isn't anything romantic though. The boys are all close, and affectionate displays of affection doesn't make things weird between them. Some of the boys are closer to one another than others, but they all love each other so much.



So when Niall and Zayn walked downstairs into the living room, hand in hand with nothing but boxers on, none of the other boys blinked an eye.



"Nialler!" Louis exclaimed lightly. "Ya feelin' better love?"



Niall smiled and replied "Yeah, yeah I am. Zayn's really good with talking."



The other boys smiled huge, very happy to hear that Niall was feeling better. "Good," Liam said.



"Yeah," Harry agreed pulling Liam into his side and snuggling up.



Zayn slumped a little into Niall's body, pressing them close together and snuggled his forehead into Niall's shoulder and sighing. "C'mon Ni, let's go get something to eat." 



Niall smiled brightly and nodded. "Y'guys hungry?" Zayn asked, sleepily addressing the other boys.



"Nah, we ate earlier. You guys were still asleep and we didn't wanna wake ya." Liam answered for all of the boys.



"Alright, what d'ya wanna eat?"



"Pancakes?" Niall asked shyly with a hopeful look on his face.



"Sure thing, come on. Help me cook!" Zayn exclaimed pulling Niall into the kitchen by their joined hands.








........................



Zayn poured the last of the batter into the frying pan. There weren't any cooked pancakes anywhere because the two boys devoured them as they finished cooking each one. Zayn swiped his finger in the bowl, catching some of the batter sticking to the bowl. He quickly reached out and dabbed it on Niall's nose. Niall gasped and yelled "ZAYN! You're gonna pay for that one!"



Zayn laughed loudly then his eyes widened as he saw Niall darting towards him. He took off as fast as he could. Running around the island in the kitchen, past the door and in front of the TV the others were watching. Niall was catching up when Zayn looked over his shoulder. He let out a playful yelp and rounded the couch. Niall pounced on Zayn's back suddenly and they tumbled down behind the couch. They were laughing loudly while Niall pinned both of Zayn's hands down, one on each side of the boys head. He was straddling Zayn's lap to keep him pinned down.



"Say you're sorry!" Niall shouted.



"Never!" Zayn cried dramatically.



Niall finally got a strong grip on Zayn's arms. He held him steadily to the ground and smirked, feeling successful. He leaned down so he was inches away from Zayn. "Then get it off!" he said.



"Do it yourself." Zayn replied, struggling lazily to get out of Niall's grip. "You've got my hands tied down anyway!" Then Zayn got an idea, he didn't think much of it, then lifted his head forward and licked the batter off of Niall's nose.



Niall giggled when Zayn's warm tongue quickly slid across his nose. He shook his head like a puppy then