the others and everyone else on the planet also let it go,” Zayn says angrily. “Why can’t you just move on?”

The words are so similar to what Liam said earlier, but coming from Zayn they take on a different meaning, one that feels like it’s been bubbling under the surface of this conversation since it started. It’s too familiar.

“Why can’t I get a life and stop making bitchy comments about yours,” Louis says, in a carefully, dangerously even tone. “Is that what you mean?”

Zayn’s eyes widen in disbelief and his jaw slackens. He straightens up a bit, and though they’re standing more than a few feet apart, it makes their difference in height more noticeable. Louis finds himself holding his breath as he waits for Zayn to say something.

There’s something about the moment, in between when Louis says something that he knows is going to get a big reaction out of someone and when that reaction finally comes through, that Louis has never been able to resist. Especially when it comes to Zayn. It used to be that when he tried to get reactions out of Zayn, they were ones of amusement or astonishment or affection. Zayn could always be relied on to giggle in delight at whatever Louis had to say.

Now, Zayn isn’t giggling. He isn’t grinning and his eyes aren’t twinkling. He looks furious.

“Fuck you for playing the victim when you started that stupid Twitter fight,” he says. “You knew what you were doing, and you got upset when you were called out on it because you thought you’d get away with it.”

An all-too familiar feeling overtakes Louis.

“Well forgive me,” he says, taking another step forward unconsciously. “For making fun of your best friend Shahid. I know how much you just hate it when people attack him on Twitter. It’s always been clear how much your relationship meant to you.” He feels a triumphant sneer coming on.

To his surprise, though, Zayn looks more annoyed than ashamed. He takes a step forward himself, and now they’re a scant distance apart.

“Nothing about how you handled me leaving had anything to do with him and you know it,” Zayn says.

Once again, he’s unknowingly echoing Liam, though he’s not completely right. But Louis doesn’t care to correct him at this point, not when Louis can finally say what he’s about to say. He relishes the opportunity, the perfect opening that Zayn has given him, because finally all the righteous indignation he’s been feeling for the past two years is going to amount to something.

“Fine,” he says. “I’ll make it what it was really about. You abandoned us.”

Suddenly, surprisingly, Zayn looks undeniably hurt. Louis can’t fully appreciate the moment as a result. He had thought that by now Zayn would be used to the accusation. God knows enough fans had voiced it, with various degrees of malice and sadness. But maybe there’s something different about having it said to his face. Maybe there’s something different about Louis being the one to say it.

Part of Louis wants to get vindictive pleasure out of the thought that he caused some unique type of hurt for Zayn, did something that no one else could’ve done with quite the same results. But for some reason, the thought makes a part of him ache.

“That’s not true,” Zayn says finally, his eyes wide and young.

Louis doesn’t know what he expected. Maybe another “fuck you,” maybe a scoff, maybe even a “yeah, so what?” Whatever it was that he thought Zayn was going to say, it wasn’t that. But the next words come tumbling out of his mouth even as his mind is still trying to process what to say.

“You abandoned me, then,” he insists, his tone lower. “You were my best friend, and instead of letting me be there for you, instead of coming to me if you were stressed or tired or whatever, you— you just left. Because it meant nothing to you.”

Because I meant nothing to you is what he means, but he realizes that it goes unsaid.

“You’re—” Zayn sighs with frustration. “You’re so fucking selfish. You didn’t want me to stay so you could hold my hand whenever I got sad. You wanted me to stay because my leaving was a pain in the ass. It never occurred to you that leaving might be what was best for me, because you couldn’t be arsed enough to pay attention to what I was dealing with.”

“You think I didn’t pay attention?” Louis asks in disbelief. “Who was it accusing me of being too obsessed with your life? I constantly paid you attention. While you were busy playing around in studios with your new producers, my family and friends were begging me to pay less attention to you. And