to a lone figure stumbling towards them, his shoulders hunched.

“Louis!” Zayn shouted and raced towards him, enfolding him in a hug. However, Louis stepped backward so Zayn couldn’t hug him.

“Lou? Are you okay?” Zayn asked worriedly.

“Yeah, I’m fine. Just a bit cold. Don’t want you catching a cold.” Louis replied shakily, offering a tight-lipped smile.

Liam, however, felt that something was amiss. Louis wasn’t one to turn down hugs, especially from Zayn. So, he took out a torch (why did he even have one of those?) and shone it on Louis. The three of them gasped.

Louis was only wearing a short sleeved white shirt, even though it was only 10 degrees. His shirt was soaked with blood and his hands, too. And... oh god, a large, jagged and razor-sharp metal shard was buried halfway in his stomach. No wonder...

Louis looked at Zayn with his blue eyes and whispered “I love you.” before his eyes rolled back into his head, his legs gave out, and he slumped to the floor.

“No... Louis, Lou, please, don’t die on me...” Zayn whispered brokenly. He had managed to catch Louis when he was falling and cradle him gently on his lap. He now understood, why Niall and Liam and Harry and he himself could survive the deadly crash. Because of his Louis, his brave Louis, who sacrificed himself for them, so that the four boys could live. And in the process, he neglected a single mother, five lovely sisters, and two unborn twins to rescue them. He didn’t care about the consequences, just went and did it. Their guardian angel, Louis.

“Please... Lou, don’t leave me... I can’t bear it, seeing you die and I can’t do anything... please...” Zayn begged, his hands now trying to staunch the blood flowing out of the wound but unsuccessful.

Louis choked and opened his once bright blue eyes weakly, the light slowly fading from them. Blood was still flowing out of his wound and now, out of his mouth.

“Zayn...” Louis whispered quietly. Zayn looked at him frantically.

“Stop, Zayn...” “Why?” Zayn choked on a sob. “Because...it’s too late now.” Louis said, tears glistening in his eyes. “No... please...don’t give up...I’m right here...please...” Zayn begged. Meanwhile, Liam had managed to find the paramedics and they were now running over with a stretcher. Louis’s eyes were slowly closing. Zayn could feel his pulse getting weaker and weaker.

“Zayn, mate, let the paramedics take over. They know what to do.” Niall whispered into Zayn’s ear. Zayn looked down and saw that Louis’s beautiful eyes were closed and he was limp. Zayn let out a sob and gently put him on the stretcher. He buried his head into Niall’s jacket and sobbed. Liam jumped into the ambulance with Louis and they sped off to the nearest hospital.

“Zayn, c’mon, let’s get you to the hospital.” It was Harry, his arms holding onto him. Zayn nodded and let them lead him to a police car. Suddenly, he saw a blue jacket in one of the policeman’s arms.

It was Louis’s.

He couldn’t help it. He just took the jacket and hugged it like it was his connection to Louis. He remembered faintly that it was the jacket spread over them when they were lying on the grass.

“’M sorry, Zayn. Niall told me what happened, and...” Harry trailed off as Zayn started to cry again at the mention of the accident.

“We’re here!” A policeman announced, pulling in front of the hospital.

Zayn didn’t wait, just tore the door open and rushed into the hospital. “Liam?”

Liam turned around, his eyes puffy and red.

“Zayn... it was bad. Like, really bad. Louis’s in surgery, but they aren’t sure if he’ll survive, and...”

Zayn froze. Louis was dying?

“Zayn, mate, Louis originally planned to give this to you tonight, but since... Well, this is what he wanted to give you.”

Liam reached into his pocket and passed Zayn a black box. Zayn opened it, and he saw two silver rings nestled comfortably inside. He took one out, and saw that it was platinum, with small diamonds around the band forming a symbol he and Louis created. Inside, a few words were engraved.


For the love of my life, forever and always.


The other ring was basically the same, except for the engraving inside the ring.


Deux Nos luxnit. L.T. Z.M.


“‘Deux Nos lunxit’ means ‘God joined us’ in Latin, while...” Liam explained, although his eyes were filled with tears.

Zayn’