got tangled up so his head and one arm was stuck.

“Don’t laugh, help me.” Niall whined out once again. Zayn kicked his jeans off and walked over to the bed.

“You’re too much,” he laughed out. “Only you could get lost in a t-shirt.”

“Don’t be mean to me,” Niall said in what sounded like a hurt voice.

“Hey, hey, hey,” Zayn said gently as he got Niall’s shirt off of the boys’ head, “you know I was only kidding around.” He said, bringing his hand up to cup Niall’s face and stoke his thumb over Niall’s cheek. “What happened today that had you so upset anyway? Was someone making fun of you?”

“Let’s just get comfortable first, and then I’ll talk more.”

“Yeah, alright.”

Niall stood up and slid his jeans off then tossed them over so they were near his bag. He turned around to face the bed and saw Zayn already under the covers. Zayn looked up and lifted the corner of the duvet on Niall’s side of the bed. He smiled big and patted his hand on the spot, signaling for Niall to lie down. Niall smiled and crawled into the bed, instantly curling up to Zayn’s warm body and nuzzling his face into his neck.

Zayn shivered when Niall breathed out a deep breath against his neck. He had one arm behind Niall’s neck and the other one wrapped around his waist. He turned onto his side and pulled Niall in closer, twisting their legs together just a little bit, and began the same actions of earlier, rubbing Niall’s back gently. “Talk to me Ni, you know I hate when you’re upset.”

Niall sighed softly. “I know. It’s just tough to talk about. It makes me feel so weak and spineless that I let shit like this affect me so much.”

“So its hate from the fans that’s got ya like this?” Zayn asked cautiously, not wanting to offend Niall.

“Yeah, but it’s not just on me. They hate on my family, too. And it’s all for no reason.”

“What’d they say? Or do?”

Niall nuzzled into Zayn a little more and gripped his nails gently into Zayn’s chest. “They…they made up some r-rumor. They kept saying the only reason I auditioned for the show is cos…cos I wanted to get away from my family. Something about an ‘inside source’ telling some magazine or whatever that my parents treated me like shit, and that Greg was their favorite, and I was an accident.” Tears were slowly rolling down Niall’s cheeks and wetting Zayn’s neck and chest.

“Shh, shh babe it’s okay. You know none of that’s true. The shit some people come up with is ridiculous. Shh s’alright, love.” Zayn was whispering quiet reassurances into Niall’s ear, stroking one hand through his hair and the other up & down his back.

“I know it isn’t true!” he sobbed, “but they went so overboard with it. And they were saying I shouldn't even exist and that I should’ve never auditioned or I should drop out of the band because ‘m ‘holding you guys back’…or that I should...should…” he couldn’t finish the sentence because he was sobbing so hard.

Zayn gripped him tighter. “You know that’s all bullshit Niall. You know your family love you so much. And we wouldn't be anywhere if you weren't in this band with us. If you ever left, assuming you get past the four of us holding you here, we’d only go downhill until we’re forced to break up.” Niall’s sobs were a little quieter now, more like hiccups, and Zayn pulled his face back to look Niall in his eyes. He cupped Niall’s face with one hand like he had earlier in the night. “Your voice is amazing, Niall. You've got this quirky, funny, loud personality that we all adore. This band would be nothing without you. And you yourself, your really just so…so beautiful.” He whispered the last part out but never wavered eye contact.

“Y-you really think that?” Niall sniffed. “Like, all of that?” Zayn nodded. A smile broke out onto Niall’s face. “That’s the nicest thing anyone’s ever said to me, Z.”

“I’m surprised no one’s told you before tonight.” Zayn smiled back. Niall looked down then Zayn leaned in and closed his eyes to gently kiss Niall’s forehead. When his lips made contact he felt soft, warm, chapped skin and pulled back with a gasp after realizing Niall must’ve looked up at some point and Zayn had kissed his lips instead. Zayn immediately blushed. “Shit