head and attempted to stand up, but Harry saw the pain on his face as he whimpered. He was obviously hurt and he was still laughing – this person is really an idiot and probably really drunk. So instead of dragging him all the way to home, which was already a pain in the ass even without the injury, Harry kneeled down with his back against Niall.

“What are you doing?”

Harry rolled his eyes. “I’m offering you my back so I could carry you, isn’t it obvious?”

“You don’t have to – I can still walk.”

“And then fall again? Seriously, just climb in so we could just go home. And I’m tired of you swaying in every fucking direction.”

“Then just leave me alone here. No one asked you to bring me home anyway.”

Harry was surprised on the sudden change of Niall’s voice. He looked behind his shoulders and saw Niall looking away from where he was with eyes that were obviously about to shed a tear. Harry mentally kicked himself for not being able to control his words again – especially when it comes to Niall. Did he really hurt Niall because of what he said, or was it just the alcohol making him change his mood rather easily?

Either way, Harry didn’t want to see Niall like this. Harry twisted his body around, “Look, I didn’t mean to say I was tired of what you’re doing. It’s just that, it’s dangerous and all and if you keep wanting to walk like that, it can get worse – and we’re on the road, and you’re drunk so-“ Harry inhaled sharply, “Could you please, just let me carry you?”

Niall looked at him, obviously considering.

“Well?”

“Fine.”

“Good.” Harry had to smile on that. He turned back around and shrugged to signal Niall. He heard movement behind him but Harry didn’t expect the next things to happen. He shuddered when Niall slowly wrapped his arms around his shoulders and pressed his chest that there was no gap between them. He felt the heat radiating from the older lad, but Harry squezed his eyes shut, focusing.

Niall was too drunk to notice the shift of Harry’s body from relaxed to so nervous he should’ve felt the rapid beating of his heart. Niall moved his head closer and rested his chin on his shoulder, turning slightly until his lips were brushing on that small skin peeking from the collar of his coat.

“Whoa…” Was he doing this on purpose? Harry had to bit his bottom lip as Niall started breathing comfortably against his skin. It was too late to drop him now.

“You okay there?” He asked, trying to distract himself.

Harry’s body twitched uncontrollably as Niall just hummed, sending vibrations right where his lips were down to every part of his body.

“Alright, let’s go.” Harry took a deep breath, standing up and carrying Niall as if he wasn’t even there. He slips his arms under Niall’s thighs to keep him in place and jumped a little so he could carry him better.

Harry assumed Niall was already dead asleep as the rest of their walk remained quiet and he had to thank God for that.

—-

But Niall wasn’t really asleep. He was trying his best to make his breathing as normal as it could be because of how close he was at Harry. Even if his mind was swirling and so was his vision, Niall was 100% sure this isn’t a dream. Niall wanted to believe he was doing this to make up from all the mean things he did to him, but it could just be because he was so helpless and drunk. If he only knew they were going to come home alone, he should’ve just remained sober and took the chance to have proper conversation with Harry.

However, this closeness wasn’t bad at all. He liked the way Harry cared for him, even just now. And he liked the way Harry carries him, it’s been such a long time since someone did this for him (it was his dad) and he liked the feeling of Harry’s curls bounced up and down on his face as they walked, he could smell his shampoo, his scent – Harry.

—-

“Oy, sleepyhead, we’re here.” Harry gently knocked Niall’s head as he turned the knob and opened the door to their room. When Niall woke up, the first thing he saw was the bed and didn’t realize he was still being carried when he jumped out of Harry’s back, running towards the bed, until the sprain on his ankle kicked in –

“Niall!”

It was too late. The pain was too much, his knees wobbled and Niall fell on the floor, face first.

“Ouch,” Niall groaned, feeling the growing lump of pain not just on his foot but also on his head. “The fuck are you laughing at?” He turned to Harry who was