and slick as Zayn had imagined, but he hadn’t imagined that Liam would reciprocate and maybe he needs to take another breath before they continue -

Liam’s lips part, tongue flicking out to press incessantly at the seam of Zayn’s until they part too. He licks at Zayn’s teeth, curling around his tongue taking over the kiss in a way that Zayn definitely hadn’t expected. Liam’s gentle, innocent to the point where he almost seems shy but really, Zayn had expected him to push him off the moment Zayn leaned his head forward (with an apology because that’s how Liam is).

Zayn captures Liam’s tongue before it can retreat, sucking gently and the groan Liam makes shoots straight to the semi he’s been sporting since Liam walked in and he groans back, deepening the kiss until he’s licking into Liam’s mouth with determination, trying to get Liam to make those sounds again.

He does taste like the strawberry milkshake, and Zayn licks into his mouth until he tastes like it too. Until they’re panting and Liam’s fingers dig too sharply into his skin. Until his cock aches as it stretches the fabric of his briefs, and it’s becoming impossible to keep his hips from pressing down.

“Zayn,” Liam gasps for air as he rests his head back against the mattress. He keeps his fingers on Zayn’s skin, drawing shapes and brushing into the edge of hair there.

Zayn tenses, wondering if he should roll off of Liam and run away, leave the band and change his name to something Liam would never guess like – Bob Smith.

Liam’s lips are really red now, swollen and shiny from both of them and Zayn wants to imprint the image into his memory before he starts his life over as a new identity.

“Is that what was bothering you or are you still trying to distract me?” Liam asks, voice rougher. There’s nothing on his face that could give Zayn any clue as to what he is thinking. Their chests are pressed close, but he can’t tell if that’s his heart beating rapidly, or Liam’s.

“I didn’t mean to do that,” Zayn admits, sheepishly. He un-wraps Liam’s wrist from his fingers but Liam’s arm slides across the curve of his back like he knows Zayn’s about to run away. “It was an accident.”

Liam snorts, eyes crunching together as he smiles. “Not an accident you regret?”

“I can’t tell yet.”

His world tilts as Liam flips them again, gently laying Zayn on his back. Liam braces his arms around Zayn’s head, fingers pressing into the longer hair at the top and he’s a lot closer than Zayn had been before, the whole length of their bodies touching now and there’s no way he doesn’t feel how aroused Zayn is.

“I don’t mind,” Liam whispers, breathing across Zayn’s lips. This is something new to him, the now purposeful teasing that somehow makes Liam infinitely hotter – even though Zayn never ever, ever thought that was anything that could be accomplished by any human being anywhere.

“You don’t?” Zayn whispers back, hands sliding into the dip of Liam’s back. He rucks the shirt up just enough to slide his fingers underneath, feeling how warm Liam’s skin is.

“I want to keep doing it, actually.” Liam grins, pressing their foreheads together.

“Yeah?” Zayn asks, feeling the same grin mirrored on his lips.

Liam only nods, snaking his tongue out to rub against Zayn’s lips until they part again, his head tilting to pull Liam in further. Liam sighs contently and it’s slower this time, each drag of the lips purposeful until they’re learning the shape of each other’s mouths, the right angle to move so their noses don’t get stuck on each other and it’s perfect – nothing in his imagination could have prepared Zayn for this.

“Liam,” Zayn breathes, teeth catching on Liam’s bottom lip as the other boy’s hips press down and Zayn can tell that Liam’s enjoying this just as much as he is with the way Liam’s cock presses against his thigh, rubbing down gently.

Zayn bites down harder on the lip caught between his teeth. Tomorrow when he gets lost staring at their next interview, he’s probably going to have to excuse himself just thinking about this -

Liam’s fingers are harsher in his hair as they rub along his scalp, in sync with the rough movement of their hips. Zayn feels like he’s on fire, there’s too many clothes between them. He rucks up Liam’s shirt farther, feeling the sweat starting to pool against his skin.

Liam’s lips catch at his chin when Zayn’s head tilts back into the pillows when he gasps out. He grazes them smoothly across the edge of Zayn’s jaw, licking at the softer