’d like with Marie , but failed miserably .

Unknowingly at the time I had just compared them to her and realised they could never be like her then got rid of them , no I didn’t kill them , just dumped them or just stopped contacting them , hoping they would take the hint . A lot of them didn’t and tried to contact me but after being ignored for a while they finally gave up.

It’s not that they were terrible people, even though some of them were, it’s just that I never really connected with any of them. They couldn’t make me smile the way Marie can just by entering a room or coming to school. I’m not a bad person , I just couldn’t find it in me to be nice or kind to any of the girls I’ve dated , though none of them have been really serious , because they weren’t what I wanted.

I’m off track, as I was saying, I am finally going to tell Marie...I think.

Zayn’s POV

I think I really like her. She makes me smile by just arriving at school, which is where I am. She’s gorgeous, she has a great personality and she doesn’t care what people think about her. She is all I want and I plan on telling her today. I think it’s been put off too long.

I have done everything to get rid of this crush, but I think it’s more than that, I think I actually like her. I’ve had flings, spoken to the guys, everything I thought would help me forget about Alexandra but nothing has worked. The flings just made me realise that she is a lot better than all these other girls, if you can call them that.

Don’t get me wrong , I’m a good person and my mum taught me how to treat a lady . But you can’t really use these lessons if the girls you’ve met are far from ladies. That’s another thing, Alexandra knows how to carry herself and she dresses nothing like the other teenage girls at this school. Along with her friend Marie who I think Haz fancies.

So we decided we’d tell them and we’re headed towards them now, but I am not so sure anymore...

No-one’s POV

Right before they reached the girls both boys turned to each other and had a silent agreement not to go through with the plan. They walked pass the girls and headed to their group of friends a few feet behind them instead.

Alexandra’s POV

I knew they wouldn’t be coming to us. I mean why would they? They’re popular and were not; well that’s what the wicked bitch of the west said anyways. It doesn’t matter though they would never speak to us, they never have.

*it’s not important though, and James is coming tomorrow and we’re going on that road trip after school with him so cheer*

You’re right anyway we have to get to class

It’s lunch time, yay! I know what you’re thinking ‘why is she happy ?’ well if there is anything I love , it’s gonna be food and a couple other things , but mainly food. For as far as I'm concerned inside of my mind as well as others, without food, there is no happiness. Happiness. Have you ever noticed you can't say the word happiness without saying the word 'penis'?

...

You're trying it now aren't you?                                                                                                                                  

So anyway, Hannah (or well Marie to some of you) and I are at lunch, sitting by ourselves of course, no one is going to commit ‘social suicide’ and sit with us. I hope those bitches know that the people here prefer us to them and just go along with her to make her feel important. It makes me laugh every time. So people don’t sit with us so what? It’s not like we mind, the less people we associate with the better. The exception is James, James has been our best friend since we were all 11, and we’re 18 now. He knows about some of our powers, some because he doesn’t feel the need to pry into our abilities, well that’s what he says. Hannah and I both know it’s because our oddness freaks him out.

James is a model, yeah a model, but he’s taking a break to stay with us for a little while. He is our bisexual, smokin’ hot best friend. At first he thought he was just gay but we helped him with ‘techniques’ to slowly reverse the process. We originally planned on turning him completely straight but settled with him being bisexual instead. We have nothing against gay people but his family did so we worked with him and used some psychology books too. Any girl who gets him would be lucky in both ways, I would know.

And I