had done at the Producers’ audition.

“Did you rehearse?” He nodded again. Trisha nudged him with her elbow.

“See, you have nothing to worry about,” she grinned, trying to channel some of her positive energy to him. She rubbed her hand up and down his back. “You’ll do wonderful and make your Baba and I very proud. Even if something goes wrong, you’ll always have us cheering you on. Okay, Jaan?”

Zain gave her a small smile and nodded. “Okay, mum.”

Trisha patted his cheek. “Don’t be so serious. Smile, Zed. Remember what I always tell you.”

“A Malik can do anything,” they both said simultaneously before laughing to themselves. Trisha gave Zain a kiss on the head before standing up.

“I remember, mum,” Zain said as she walked to the door.

“Prove it tomorrow then, Jaan,” with that, Trisha wished him goodnight and went out of his room.

…

Apparently, all of Trisha’s pep talk from last night hadn’t paid off. Zain did not want to get out of bed that morning. He whined and pouted and did the puppy dog look but Trisha physically dragged him out of bed. Her motherly instincts were telling her that Zain had to be at that audition. He just had to.

After that morning fiasco, Zain begrudgingly got ready. It wasn’t until he was looking at his reflection in the mirror that he realized that he was actually going to do this. He smoothed out his shirt and took a deep breath in before letting it out slowly.

He was going to do this.

He was going to smash it.

After that short pep talk, he went downstairs and was ushered into the van with breakfast in a small paper bag. While he ate and his father drove, Doniya rattled off singing tips that she had found on the internet the night before. Zain nodded along, even though he wasn’t paying any attention. He was too busy calming his nerves. Doniya even took it as far as giving him examples of each of the tips, making Waliyha and Safaa cover their ears as they gave her annoyed looks for singing so horribly in the morning. His Aunt Aatoofa was coming with them. She said that she was chosen as the representative for the whole family’s support to Zain.

Zain got even more nervous at that but she assured him that it was alright if he didn’t win or anything. Just being there and auditioning was enough for them to feel proud, she said.

Once they arrived at the audition site in Manchester, Zain felt like he preferred having Doniya sing horribly in his ear than be here. He felt so jittery and the butterflies appeared in his stomach. He got out of the van shakily and felt hands on his shoulders, steadying him. He turned to see the reassuring face of his mother. Seeing the proud smile on her face made him feel slightly at ease.

Cameramen were everywhere, setting up for the auditions and making sure everyone was in place. Doniya dragged them all to where Zain was supposed to sign up and get a number. He was so jittery that he couldn’t even hold the pen right. When Zain got his contestant number, Trisha demanded that he stood there and posed with it while she took photos.

Zain stared at the card.

 

165616.

His number. The number that might change everything. Up until his turn for the audition, everything was a blur. He had a few questions thrown at him from the crew and he answered them as earnestly as he could. However, Zain was more focused on getting his head in the game. He knew that his family would be waiting at home. He knew that his mother was going to throw a feast, whether he made it or not. He knew that he did not want to disappoint them.

When it was almost his turn, he prayed. He prayed that he would pass. That everything would go well.

“You’ll do great, Jaan,” his mother whispered into his ear when she gave him a hug. His father patted him on the back as a show of his support. His father was not a man of many words, so Zain understood the gesture and appreciated it. Finally, his name was called.

This was it. This was the real thing.

…

Three yeses!

He got three yeses! All the judges said yes. Zain was ecstatic. He felt like jumping up and down in joy. He made it into the next round. They liked his voice.  They liked his singing. They liked him. Zain was glad that they liked him though. Otherwise, he might have peed his pants if Simon Cowell delivered one of his infamous comments.

There were so many moments where the judges could have poked fun at him. Like when he said his name, or when he felt like he was mumbling his words instead of saying them clearly like the other contestants. However, nothing as such happened and Zain was very glad.

“Jaan!” His mum squealed, giving him a