to grind against it.





Liam stroked himself harder and moaned loudly as he imagined the dildo was his cock and he was gripping the boy's hips, thrusting into him and fucking him so good until his legs trembled and his throat was hoarse from crying. He rode the dildo for a good ten minutes before pulling away from it and rubbing at his hole, a soft embarrassed chuckle sounding through the headphones. "Sorry, boys.. a virgin could only take so much."





The chat box blew up, men from all over giving praises, a lot offering to be the one to take his virginity, most talking about how they would wreck him thoroughly. Liam didn't write any comments, though, too busy fisting his cock and spreading the precome that spilled out of him to form a coherent sentence. "CockDaddy, was that good enough for you?" the boy asked with a purr as he sat with his legs spread in front of the camera against stroked his own cock, his hole wet with lube and Liam wished it was his come decorating the rim. "C'mon.. talk to me, baby."





With toes curling against the carpet, he forced his hand away from his throbbing dick and reached for the keyboard, typing out a response. 'it was beautiful, baby boy.. so goddamn sexy.'





He was quiet for a few moments, no doubt possibly finding the response through a plethora of comments. "Glad you enjoyed it." He finally answered and stood up, moving the camera once again as he settled into his bed and leaned over the computer, clacking from his keyboard being heard. A few seconds later, a private chat popped up on Liam's screen and he froze with fear, reading the message from the young boy.





sk8erboy91: want a private show?
cockdaddylp:u dont even have to ask.
sk8erboy91: tmrw midnight. be on.
cockdaddylp: i'll b here.
  




Liam couldn't believe his luck and he came just minutes later as he watched Louis stroke himself and fuck himself with a vibrator while moaning, whimpering, and crying out so teasingly. The twenty four hour wait almost destroyed him and he was angsty all throughout work and dinner with his mom until he was finally able to log onto his secret porn site account and waited; with pictures of men stroking and fucking themselves flashing through the screen, he waited.





sk8erboy91: sorry i'm late, daddy.
cockdaddylp: ur forgiven.
sk8erboy91: give me a skype screenname so we can get this show on the road.
cockdaddylp: same one as here. i'm already logged on.
sk8erboy91: mm, prepared. u must've been waiting.
cockdaddylp:ofc i have. all night and day.
  




The young boy didn't respond, but a few minutes later a Skype call came through and Liam's stomach tightened as he clicked the camera button and waited for it to connect. His face came into view, though it was only illuminated by the light of the computer screen since his room was completely dark. The boy, though, still had his face cut off and the camera was pointing at his hard cock that he was stroking slowly. "Can I have a name or is CockDaddy good enough for you?"





He chuckled and bit his lip. "Call me Liam."





"Mm, Liam.. such a hot name."





"And you?"





He hesitated for a moment before speaking and Liam was one hundred percent sure he gave him a fake name, but he couldn't be bothered to care. "Louis."





"Louis.. mm, will I ever get to see your face, Louis?"





"And ruin the mystery of fucking your perfect dream twink?"





"I'd much rather imagine myself fucking you."





Louis chuckled softly and squirmed in his bed, the box spring whining under his weight. "I'd hate to disappoint."





"I doubt you could."





"Alright.. then you need to turn on a light so I could see you better."





"Done deal." The two of them shifted and Liam moved his eyes away from the laptop for just a minute to click on the bedside lamp and when he looked back, Louis face was gracing the screen. His dick twitched and hardened at the young boy's appearance, full lips that would look fucking beautiful wrapped around his thick cock, a straight and narrow nose, and big innocent eyes that Liam couldn't tell if they were blue or green, but he didn't necessary give a fuck. His hair was short and spread across his forehead in a fringe, hidden under a black beanie. "Fuck, you're hot.."





"Feeling is mutual, daddy.." Louis mewled and bit his lip, tilting his head to the side against the headboard.





"How old are you?"





"Any age you want me to be."





Liam groaned and adjusted his laptop enough for Louis to be able to see how thick and hard his cock was, wrapping a hand around himself and stroking slowly. "Get a dildo and fuck yourself."





Louis complied, reaching into his bedside drawer and shuffling through a few