Thirty minutes later, they arrive at the infamous restaurant. The hostess tells them that they have to wait about twenty minutes for seating since they haven’t any reservations. Whilst waiting, Zayn notices a wall full of celebrities who have eaten there.

“Huh, I guess this really is a good restaurant,” he looks at the photo of Justin Bieber with his tongue out.

“Told you so,” Niall retorts unnecessarily.

The twenty minutes go by fast and the hostess comes back to lead them to a seat near the windows. There’re two candles on the table, giving it a nice date feeling.

“We serve alcohol, would you like to start off with Greek wine?” The waitress, who checks out Niall, asks them.

“What kinds do you have?” Zayn looks at the entrées section of the menu.

“We have the agiorghitiko, xiomavro, and mendaria for reds, assyrtiko, lagorthi, robola, savatino, and tsaoussi for whites,” the waitress stutters over the Greek names, which is quite understandable. They’re Greek names. “Which would you like?”

“Whatever you find the best, love,” Niall must have noticed her checking him out, given he flashes a charming smile at her.

“I’ll get your agiorghitiko, then,” she nods and goes off.

“She was obviously checking you out,” Zayn growls, look at roasted lamb shank. “And you knew that too.”

“Don’t get possessive over me, Malik,” Niall laughs it off, scanning the menu. “We should have calamari as our starter.”

“I thought it was Italian food,” Zayn comments.

“Obviously not if it’s here… or they just like the calamari since it’s really good,” Niall shrugs. “Anything you have on mind?”

“I want to try the lamb thing,” Zayn looks over at the sea food section. “You?”

“Thai-sauce beef souvlaki sounds like a good plan,” Niall closes his menu as their waitress — Toni, as her nametag says — comes back with a bottle of the wine.

“Here’s your wine and have you decided yet?” She flashes a disgustingly sweet smile at Niall.

“He’s having roast lamb shank and I’d like the Thai souvlaki please.”

Toni writes down the orders and leaves them.

-

“Desserts?” Toni asks as she takes the plates on her forearm.

“Can we see the menu?” Niall asks the girl.

Zayn looks at the menu and there’s one dessert that catches his eye.

“What’s Lover’s Fondue?” Zayn furrows his brows together.

“Oh, it’s chocolate fondue with marshmallows and strawberries in heart-shaped fountain,” she explains easily. “Would you like that?”

“Please.”

It takes about three minutes for Toni to come back and they eat their desserts. Zayn smiles when he sees that Niall has smudged some chocolate on his face.

“You have a bit of chocolate on your face,” Zayn pokes at his own cheek where he sees the smudge.

“Here?” Niall wipes at a spot right next to it.

“Let me do it,” Zayn reaches over the table and wipes it off.

He doesn’t think that he imagined Niall’s cheeks flushing for a moment when their skins touch.

“You two make a lovely couple,” Toni comes back with their bill. “How long have you two been together?”

“Um, we aren’t dating,” Niall does blush noticeably this time. “Just friends.”

“Oh, um, have a nice rest of the night then!”

-

“Boyfriends, that’s a bit weird,” Niall yawns as he makes himself home at Zayn’s villa. On the third floor, there’s only one bedroom and that’s his, a room he shares with Niall some nights even though he has eight guest rooms. “Do we even act boyfriend-y?”

“Maybe,” Zayn chuckles, pressing a light kiss to Niall’s cheek. “Now, I’d love to fuck you hard until you scream my name in ecstasy but we’re both tired so let’s postpone it ‘til tomorrow.”

“Deal,” is the last thing Zayn hears before he drifts off to sleep.

-

“Oh my God, you weren’t supposed to find this!” Niall screeches as Zayn holds out a royal blue coloured velvet box. “Um, holy shit, how did you even find it?”


“I don’t know, maybe you should hide something important somewhere other than your cleaning stuff cupboard,” Zayn grins, already having checked what was inside the little box. “When were you going to ask me?”


“Definitely not now,” Niall growls. “Okay, here it goes. Zayn Malik, I knew I felt something for you from the first time I met you. Hell, I was enjoying me life as a stripper but you changed me. You went back to your modelling career when we first started dating and got recruited by Calvin Klein for their models. What I’m trying to say