that...", he can feel Zayn getting agitated and he quickly makes an effort to control his magic back into himself. 

It works. Mostly. There's only a sort of pink glow around Zayn, it should probably fade after a while, and with the pink haze gone Zayn's eyes focus on him, "Nice hair, babe." 

Harry blushes, pleased, there's a soft pop sound and a rose appears in front of Zayn, who raises his eyebrows, "Thanks?". Harry groans, rubbing his eyes with his fingers of which he only notices now are painted pink and what the fuck is happening? 

Zayn plucks the levitating rose from the air and twirls it between his fingers before placing behind his ear and no one has the right to look that gorgeous, especially fucking ancient middle-eastern vampires who were once 'princes'. "I feel like you're stressed," Zayn says and for someone who is centuries old, you think he'd be better at reading humans by now. 

"'Course I'm bloody stressed, my magic been going haywire since I've woke up this morning and I have no idea why!" Harry's fingers start sparking again and he nearly starts screaming but decides to start pacing instead. He glances at Zayn out of the corner of his eye, can see and feel his amusement, like this is the cutest fucking thing he's ever seen. Fuck, why isn't he more concerned? Can't he see that Harry's going out of his mind over here? His magics failing him, he can't even receive compliments without creating flowers out of thin air. What happens if someone makes a passing comment about him and suddenly pop! there's a fucking flower suspended in mid-air, how's he gonna explain that to the humans? They're gonna bring back witch hunting because of him, just because some innocent person wanted to pay him a compliment and now he's gone and blown everyone's cover. He'll never be able to leave his house again, he'll have to live out the rest of his life alone and ashamed because at twenty two he still couldn't manage to get a handle on his magic. 

"Harry.." Zayn's approaching him now, sounding less amused and more concerned. Good! Maybe now he'll realize just how dire his situation really is. "Harry, I think you need to calm down now." 

"Calm down?" Harry spins around and before he can even blink his magic's surging out of him and Zayn being thrown into the air and through the wall connecting his kitchen and sitting room. With a quick glance around he also notices that he's managed to set a float most of his kitchen appliances and they all simultaneously fall to the ground with a bang. He's just gone a broken his blender, how is he supposed to make smoothies now, like this day could get any worse at this point. 

"Shit." he hears a groan coming from the pile of rubble now occupying his sitting room. "Fuck, Zayn I- Shit, I'm so sorry!" Harry's running into the room through the brand new Zayn shaped hole, tripping over pieces of what used to be his wall. He drops to his kneels beside Zayn's head, who looks slightly confused but otherwise unharmed, kinda hard to hurt a vampire anyway.

"'Am all right, love." Zayn says, sitting up and Harry helps brush some off the plaster caught in his hair. "I'd just like to ask though, what the fuck was that?"

Harry feels like curling up in a ball in the corner of the room and living the rest of his days there, "I don't know," he cries mournfully, "this is what I was talking about! My magic's been acting fucking crazy and I don't know what to do." 

Zayn hums, scratching at his beard like he's some fucking ancient philosopher who has the answer to every problem in the world. 

"I think I know what to do." He says, standing up and rubbing plaster off his ripped jeans, smudging white dust into them. "Stop that," Harry scolds, "you're only making it worse." He'd magic the stain off his pants if he wasn't afraid that that would lead to him getting rid of his entire fucking leg, or worse, his pants. 

Zayn pulls Harry up, tugging him into a side hug and petting his hair, "Don't worry bebs', it'll all be okay." Harry pouts, "You're horrible at comforting people," but allows him to continue petting him. 

***

Turns out Zayn's solution for his problem was bringing him to his weed dealer/local barista, Louis.

"I have you know that I am much more than a weed dealer," Louis scoffs, pouring boiling water into Harry's cup, "and also, you have a horrible taste in tea. Fuckin' Earl Grey, it's