, with a fringe, with more tattoos on your right arm, and a bum larger than life, well, I’m afraid not, mate. Sorry.”

Liam gazed at the direction of the room’s shower and heard Louis singing off-key to the tune of the soundtrack of F.R.I.E.N.D.S, and Harry smiled lazily, raising his shoulders a bit in a sluggish shrug. Of course, Harry and Louis. Louis and Harry.

“Are you and Louis – “

“I think we’re finally getting there, Liam,” Harry said.

And that was all that Liam needed to hear convince him that no, it was not Harry. And not even Louis. It was not these two that kissed him, and never going to be. Not when Harry spoke in a voice that held all the happiness and victory and love Liam could ever imagine.

___________________________

“Liam, you fucking cunt!”

Liam knew, right from the moment he walked inside the next room, that this would happen. That Niall would yell at him at his loudest Irish accent, not giving a single flying fuck about how it could ruin his voice for tomorrow’s show. Liam was sure because Niall would always have this ritual of eating his heart out every after show, and it so happened that Liam needed to get his attention, that there was no way of getting it from Niall unless he would make a bold move. A bold move of eating the last Pringle chip, stealing it from Niall’s open palm (he seemed to be murmuring some sweet nothings to the last chip, with Liam overhearing ‘m’sorry babe but I have to do this, I love you’).

Liam shoved the last chip inside his mouth, and was just about to ask Niall, “Are you by any chance the one who k –“, but it was halted when Niall lunged from his seat, grabbed Liam’s face with both of his calloused hands, and smashed his lips against Liam’s.

Holy shit.

Niall’s the one.

It had to be. Because Niall wouldn’t have the guts to kiss him now if he hasn’t had the pleasure before, right?

But Liam couldn’t help but feel a nagging feeling inside him that no, it wasn’t Niall. Not when his lips did not slot against Liam’s perfectly, like the mysterious kisser slotted his to Liam’s earlier.

In an attempt to re-enact what happened earlier, Liam closed his eyes to make believe that he was still at the lift, making his senses sharper. He leaned at the door and Niall trapped him, successfully opening Liam’s mouth, and finally letting that tongue of his in.  Wait. It wasn’t Niall.  Not when Niall’s tongue was obviously shorter and sickeningly tasted like several flavours mixed.

Liam squeaked when Niall made an effort to curl his tongue and capture the meshed Pringle chip in Liam’s mouth, taking it back to his own mouth, munching it like it did not have any foreign saliva or anything. Niall glared at him big time, and when he finally swallowed, he said, “Liam, what the fuck.”

“What the fuck? What the – No, Niall. What the fuck was that?”

“It was my last fucking chip, Liam. I’ll never surrender my last food to anyone, you bloody well know that!”

“I thought you were only joking that time!”

“Well, now you know I’m fucking not!”

“Okay, okay. I’m sorry.”

“You should be. You owe me a box of it.”

“What? You took it back! And from my mouth, no less. Disgusting, if I might add. I don’t owe you anything. To be honest, you’re the one who owes me. You owe me a kiss.”

Liam was so serious that he was completely offended when Niall burst out laughing, his laugh echoing inside the hotel room. Niall even went as far as falling on the bed and rolling all over it, punching the pillows.

“That was not a fucking kiss Liam. I only took back what was mine. And I’d do anything for food. It doesn’t matter if it’s in your bloody mouth, wanker.”

“So, you’re meaning to say that you did not kiss me?”

“Of course not,” Niall said. Liam must have misheard it when Niall whispered, “Someone might kill me if I do.” He ignored it.

“Even before this?”

“What? Why would I kiss you?”

“Well, somebody tried to earlier…”

“What? When? Is it a fan? Does Zayn know about this? Should I phone in Paul?”

“Oh, no. It’s no big deal, really. I just wanted to know who it was. And no, it was not a fan. It happened when we’re stuck in the lift.”

Again, Liam felt offended when he was so serious in finding