and, with so much passion and energy, looked to Niall as he sang a Selena Gomez song. That's Niall.

The crowd was insane. The cheers deafening. Liam geared up for the first song, smile blazing from his lips. The music for Steal My Girl played around him as his feet danced on their own accord. Harry bobbed along as Zayn sang, while Louis managed to drop his mic. Twice. 

When Illusion had been rehearsed,  Liam was careful to keep his face blank, emotions in check, and eyes straight ahead. The boys had sang with such conviction, putting their hearts into it. Even Zayn.

This was different.

As soon as Liam's lines came, he moved towards the audience, full of energy and nerves. As Harry sang his lines, Liam searched the stage for Zayn. A fan threw a bracelet on stage (why they did that he wasn't sure) and he bent over to pick it up. Zayn was a cross the stage, walking beside Louis, smile bright and warming Liam. 

"No baby this is not an illusion. I really got my heart out on my sleeve. Oh baby this is not an illusion. There's magic between you and me." Zayn sang, voice perfectly catching the notes, eyes on the crowd. Liam needed to hurry. It was almost his turn to sing.

He wrapped his arm around Zayn as he finished his line. Zayn stiffened slightly, though the smile stayed on his face. Probably for the crowd. Liam felt sick.

He stuck the bracelet in Zayn's hand as he sang the second verse, meeting Zayn's eyes. He poured his heart out in those lyrics, wondering if anyone watching could see it was for Zayn. All of it. The whole song.

Zayn walked away. Moved over to Harry, laughing when Harry made a face to Zayn while Louis sang. When the second chorus came, Liam had his arm on Zayn's waist, harmonizing with him. Zayn's voice slipped. He couldn't quite hit the nkte right as Liam looked him in the eyes, singing the lyrics to Zayn.

Liam cried.

Night Changes cued up in the background. Liam couldn't handle another romantic song. He fled the stage for a drink. He needed to clear his head. Needed to be away from Zayn. 

The show eneded without a hitch with What Makes You Beautiful. Liam sang the first verse to Zayn, like he had on the last tour. Zayn simply nodded along, face pinched in a weird expression.

"Liam, what the hell man? What was that?" Zayn asked backstage, hands thrown up in exasperation. Liam shyly fiddled with his shirt. He and Zayn needed to be alone.

"What do you mean? I sang and danced like usual. What's your deal?"

"Umm...singing those lines to me. Do you like messing with me or are you just a prick?" Liam was flabbergasted. 

"I always sing to you Zayn." Zayn's face fell then, the anger turning into defeat as he turned away, whipping a cigarette from his box and shoving the door to the alley with so much force, it slammed against the brick wall outside. Liam flinched.

Harry put a hand on his shoulder then, eyes sympathetic. 

"Liam, you need to tell him. This is just silly."

"I know. I will. Soon." 

--
"I always sing to you Zayn."

Zayn couldn't help the pain in his chest. The way tears pricked behind his eyes. He hadn't meant to sound upset with Liam for singing to him. He was confused and doubtful. He just wanted answers. 

Apparently Liam meant nothing when he sang those lines to him. Just feeding the audience. Just putting on a show. No feeling for Zayn. Not truth.

He smoked through two more cigarettes before the door opened and Louis stepped out. 

"What was that Zayn? That was your chance and instead of finding out how Liam feels, you act like a petulant child and then storm off." Louis was slightly angry, mostly annoyed though.

"I got my answer Lou! He doesn't mean anything. That song is about Sophia. I feel like an idiot. Thinking he was singing it to me. Meaning every stupid word that his stupid voice sang to me." Zayn kicked the ground roughly. 

"I wrote a song for him. Sang it to his face. He didn't get it Louis. Didn't even bat an eye. Just smiled at me and voted for it." Zayn felt a tear fall from his eye. 

"Zayn, you have to tell him. Liam's an idiot and oblivious. You know this." Zayn nodded, breaths shallow.

"I will Lou. Soon."

-

Louis was running out of patience. After that last show, Zayn had crawled into his bed, eyes watery and apologetic. After Zayn had settled into Louis' arms, grumbling about them not being warm enough, he knocked out like a light. 

And that was fine