’t. He only wanted Zayn to be happy and if Zayn wasn’t happy there anymore then…it was for the best. Harry was about to get ready to leave Zayn’s flat now. Zayn had told him to tell the rest of the boys after he was gone the next day. He would be catching a train tonight to head for Bradford. He stopped Harry before he was heading towards the door.

“Harry hold on”, he said as he dug around in his drawer. “Give this to Liam. I didn’t know if I was going to give it to him. But I guess it doesn’t matter now. Just…tell him I wish him the best.” Harry nodded and hugged Zayn one last time as he took the letter from his hand. Harry turned towards the door and walked but before exiting he turned back to look at Zayn. Zayn nodded as if to tell Harry to go on. Harry just nodded back as the tears suddenly came back to his eyes. He then turned and shut the door leaving Zayn who was now to start packing his belongings.

//

“So he’s not coming?” Niall asked Harry as the wedding would be beginning in about an hour. Harry just shook his head. Zayn was probably headed to the train station by now. But he wouldn’t tell Louis or Niall. He promised Zayn he wouldn’t. He needed to find Liam and give him the letter. He took it out of the inside of his pocket and looked at it. It was wrapped in an envelope and had nothing written on it. “What’s that you go there mate?” Niall asked curiously.

“It’s nothing”, Harry said as he put it back into his pocket. Niall shrugged and then headed towards a table that had some food laid out for guest. Harry looked around and saw Louis getting some punch. He was alone right now and this was his chance. He left the main hall of the building where the ceremony would take place. He passed several people with cameras and equipment that would be taking pictures to release later on that night after everything was over. He walked until he arrived at the room Liam would be in. He was nervous for some reason. He took a deep breath before knocking at the door and entering.

“Hey there”, Liam said with a smile. He was all dressed up looking into a mirror fixing his collar. He turned to walk towards Harry and reached out for a hug. Harry smiled.

“Well are you ready to finally tie the knot?” Harry asked with a chuckle.

“As ready as I’ll ever be.” Liam said with a smile. He gestured towards the chairs and they both went to take a seat. “Everyone here?”

“Yep…everyone pretty much made it…well…” Harry looked down.

“Something wrong?” Liam inquired now looking at Harry with his eyebrows pulled together.

“Well…Zayn’s not here.” Harry looked back up at Liam who was just staring at him. Liam then shook his head.

“That boy…it’s okay I mean I wasn’t expecting him to show up.  Liam took a deep breath and looked down as if he was in deep thought.

“Look”, Harry said making Liam look up again “I just came to give you this.” He took the letter out and handed it to Liam. “Zayn says he wishes you the best.” Liam took the envelope and looked up at Harry. Harry shrugged and gave a half smile.

“I’ll see you out there mate”, Harry said as he turned to walk towards the door. Liam nodded as Harry left the room and he heard the door close shut leaving him alone. He stared at the letter for a few minutes contemplating what it might say. For all he knew it could be a big fuck you. He only had about thirty minutes before he had to be out there in the main hall where the wedding would take place. He started to open it and he pulled it out. He started to read.


Liam,



If you are reading this it’s because as you probably have noticed I am not at your wedding. It was hard for me to write that line you know? You know why? Because I wanted to be there. I wanted to be there so bad. But not as your best man. Not as a friend. Liam I don’t know what to say right now. I mean what else can I say? I loved you. I loved you so much. I knew it from the first time we met that I wanted to be with you. Do you remember the first time we met? It was like yesterday for me. We were at Mcdonalds. You were ordering chicken nuggets. I know because I was sort of stalking you. You asked for a toy from the kids meal even though you weren’t ordering one. You wanted the Woody from toy story they were giving out. I thought that was cute. Then you turned around and looked at me. Liam when you