and sly digs about her being the last single girl of their group.  “Life is complete when you have a man, somebody that can take care of you,” they told her, and she was on the cusp of flipping the table over.

They’ve forgotten she was doing just fine taking care of herself; she is the Independent Woman they write about in articles who will break the glass ceiling and she is The Woman who’ll pay for love without the emotional attachments if she damn well pleases.

During the drive back, Niall makes a phone call, and arrives home a lot happier once she kicks off her heels.  Not a moment after she’s unbuttoned the top button of her blouse, someone’s knocking on her door.  She looks through the peephole and bounces a little, immediately opening it.

“Hello!  My name’s Louis and I’m with Breslin Agency,” he says with a wide grin.  “I’m looking for someone named Niall with a queen sized bed and a thirst for a twelve-inch cock.”

Niall snorts and pulls Louis inside, laughing when she closes the door.  She takes a look at Louis’ appearance, his short brown hair swept off to the side, white button up shirt rolled at the sleeves, and black jeans that hug every curve of his legs.  She’s mostly enamored of his thighs until she walks behind him and notices his ample backside.

“That was quite an entrance, Louis,” Niall tells him after a moment.  “Are you really twelve inches, by the way?  It might be a bit much for me.”

“I might have exaggerated, but I’m sure you’ll be able to handle all of me.”  Louis watches Niall unbutton the rest of her blouse, raising a brow when she stops just under her bra.  “Tempting me, are you?”  Louis steps forward, lightly pulling on the lapels of her blouse, grinning when Niall bites her lip.

“So!  How was your day?  Bressie told me you sounded stressed on the phone, poor girl.”

“I’ve had better,” she tells him, sighing.

Louis shakes his head, running his thumbs over the perk of her breasts.  “I don’t like the sound of that at all.  Looks like I have some work to do,” he pauses, using a finger to lightly pull on the cup of Niall’s bra, “yes?”

Niall bites the inside of her cheek and nods.  Louis guides her to the living room, looking for his choice of furniture.  He spots her red velvet chaise lounge and has her sit on the arm, lightly kissing her as she’s getting settled.  “Start from the beginning,” Louis says, running his hands over her waist, “don’t leave anything out.”

Louis puts a hand to Niall’s back to hold her upright, and kisses along her chest, making her moan.  “I-I woke up around eight a-and got in the shower,” she breathes out, and Louis gives her a muffled ‘uh huh’ over her lips as a means to go on.  “Then I got dressed up to meet my friends for brunch–oh!” Louis’ pinched her nipple, making her squirm when he pinches the other.

“Then what happened?”  Louis removes his shirt and helps Niall out of hers, unhooking her bra after.  “May I?” he asks, and Niall nods, letting Louis’ hand squeeze her breasts, and sighs a little moan when she feels his tongue over her nipple.  “Tell me what happened after you met them,” he mumbles when he looks up, lips shining.  “Please.”

“They were insufferable, I wanted to scream at them,” she tells him as he’s kissing the skin behind her ear, hands running up and down the sides of her thighs.  “I wanted to smash their champagne flutes into their heads, those passive aggressive cunts.”

“And did you?” Louis asks, but Niall shakes her head.  “I bet you wanted to, though.”

“I don’t want to talk about it anymore,” she pleads, eyes closed, “no more, Louis, please.  I’ll only be upset again.”

“All right,” Louis smiles, “just this once.”

Then, Louis kisses her hard and wraps one of Niall’s legs around his waist, leaning into her when their hips start grinding into each other.  Niall’s getting wet from the friction of Louis’ tented jeans, moaning even louder when Louis grinds even harder into her.  “Just like that,” she gasps, hands clinging to Louis’ neck, squeezing her legs a little tighter.

Louis slides his hands under Niall’s thighs and lifts her from the arm of the chaise lounge, carefully lowering her to her feet.  “Lean over for me, just over the arm,” he tells her, and she does what she’s told.  Niall’s arms are bent to hold herself up, biting her lip and waiting for Louis’ next move.  She can feel his foot spreading