as he wanted to tell the man he was done and then sit on a bench and watch Liam work, he did want to make his early morning and lack of sleep worthwhile. And his arms weren't exactly up to par.

"My arms. I want to work my arms." He admitted, shyly rubbing his arms. The trainer smiled. 

"Great! I'll put you on a machine tha works your biceps first. Then your triceps. Zayn, have you ever considered boxing? Really great for you." Zayn shrugged and finally looked over to Liam. He was sweaty and pounding into the punching bag, bouncing on his toes. Zayn licked his lips and nodded. 

Half an hour later and Zayn's arms burned. He was gloved and standing before a punching bag. Liam was in the middle of some difficult looking sit up boxing combo workout hat made Zayn's abs burn at just the thought. And his body buzzing from the sight. 

"Okay Zayn last thing for today. We'll focus on endurance. Just punch this for thirty seconds. And...go!" Zayn tried to copy how Liam had done it, bouncing a little on his toes and keeping his fists close to his face. He punched hard, making his hand sting slightly. After thirty seconds, Zayn was thrumming with energy. 

"Not bad. Seems you picked up a little from Liam. I want you, however, to throw you body into it. Liam has larger arms and is larger than you, and therefore has more force. You're leaner. You have speed on your side, and throwing your weight into your punches could do some real damage. You have fantastic form and your punches weren't sloppy. Okay, thirty more seconds. Go!"  Zayn went at it again, this time moving his whole body with the punches rather than bouncing back and forth slightly. He felt more powerful, making the same loud sound of impact Liam had made earlier. He felt great.

"Okay. Now i want you to work on that while I go work with Liam. Great job today and hope to see you soon. Please do Zayn." Zayn looked back at the bag and began punching it again. He wasn't going to make any promises. 

"Don't hunch Zayn. You could hurt yourself." The trainer called from wherever Liam and he were. Zayn straightened, feeling tired. Finally his phne alarm sounded and he stopped. He pulled the gloves off. Somewhere during his workout he had stripped off his shirt, noticing Liam had done the same earlier when he switched to some macine that had him holding himself in the air.

"Okay I'm all done!" Zayn called as he finished his water. He sat down and, after watching Liam for a moment, decided to exercise his artistic abilities for a moment. It wasn't like he could help it. Ever since he had gotten his new sketchbook, he seemed to only draw the boys. And he showed them each time because it would be odd if he didn't. Pulling it out of the bag he always carried, he leaned back to watch Liam. 

The boy was gorgeous. Tanned skin over abs and slender hip and bulging arms. Face flushed and slick with sweat as he clenched his jaw, pounding out ten more sit ups. Zayn had to readjust himself, feeling oddly restricted in his loose shorts. How Liam could go from cute a cuddly wrapped up in his fluffy coat and bright smile to a freaking sex god with swest slicked skin and rippling abs was beyond Zayn. But he did.

Just as he was putting the finishing touches on Liam's hair, tongue stuck between his teeth, he heard Liam say goodbye to their trainer. He quickly flipped the sketchbook shut and stuffed it in his bag, hoping Liam didn't notice he was a little flustered. But Liam was his best mate.

"Zayn you okay? Why didn't you head up and take a shower and a nap? Or grab some food? I hope you didn't feel like you had to wait for me." Zayn chuckled, relieved Liam didn't ask what he was sketching. Or that he was slightly aroused. Okay he couldn't lie. Very aroused. Sweaty buff Liam was hard to ignore though. 

"What kind of best mate would I be if I left, Li? Besides, sleeping is out of the question. I'm too worked up to sleep." Which was true. He just hoped Liam took it as adrenaline from boxing. Liam nodded. Then his eyes narrowed and his smile tipped into a smirk. Crap.

"Were you bored or did you have something to entertain you?" Then Liam laughed and glanced at his bag. Where had that very suggestive joke come from? And not suggestive like sexually so, but implying Zayn might have been watching him working out and enjoy himself. Zayn blushed.

"Seriously though, what were you drawing? I noticed that you had it out and you were sketching furiously. What inspired you?" Zayn rolled his eyes and motioned around.