s house. Yeah, they’ve been friends for couple weeks but they only hung out at Niall’s (shared) flat and when they had sex, they went to a hotel room for the night, so.

“This is your bloody house?” Niall splutters out, his jaw hitting the ground. “Good gracious, you’ve got a fecking mansion and I can see the pool through that fence!”

“Um,” Zayn says brilliantly. “I get paid couple thousand quids per video, Niall. Did you expect I’d be living in a humble abode?”

“I wasn’t expecting a mansion that’s practically a villa!”

The entire house is built of black marbles, giving it a shrine-esque look. Hell, there’s a couple cherub statues in ivory right behind the front gate. Niall takes in the double French doors when Zayn punches in the code for the doors.

“Well, I guess we’ll be going to my bedroom.”

That won’t be a problem, the lewd part of Niall comments on that, expecting dozens of sex toys and other stuff to be installed in the room.

“Fucking hell,” Niall curses colourfully when they enter the room.

‘Room’ doesn’t do justice for the size of it. Niall reckons his entire flat can fit into this master bedroom, with a California king bed in the centre with black duvets. There’s a walk-in closet and he realises the walls are actually mirrors.

“You’ve a kink, don’t you, Zee?” Niall smirks, plopping onto the bed and looking at his own reflection on the ceiling. “You like looking into your partner’s eyes as you fuck into them, the pleasure mirrored in them.”

“I’d only a couple people who had the privilege,” Zayn shrugs, pulling out a cigarette. He lights it up expertly. “Maybe two or three before you.”

“Damn, I was hoping I was the first,” Niall shucks his trousers off, his shirt soon following suit. “C’mon, Malik, off with your kit.”

“I didn’t peg you to be the bossy type,” Zayn tsks, but does as he’s told. “What would you like to do, Niall?”

“Hm, wanna re-enact the Kama Sutra?” Niall waggles his eyebrows. “I bet I can do the London Bridge position.”

“I suppose so, since you’re the stripper and all.” Zayn smirks around his fag. Damn, Niall never thought he’d think someone who’s smoking naked would look so hot.

“You just agreed to bottom,” Niall giggles, making Zayn scowl in return. “We can do some other positions, like the lotus something.”

“The lotus blossom or summat?” Zayn stubs his cigarette and scoots closer to Niall. “That sounds less challenging to my poor reflexive skills.”

“Try yoga, it’ll bend you in unmentionable positions,” Niall giggles again. “Or we could just to the eagle.”

“Why don’t I just get the book out?” Zayn rolls his eyes. “Not that I keep one.”

“Mate, you’re a bleeding pornstar, don’t say you don’t own a copy of the Kama Sutra.”

Zayn sighs and walks over to the closet, returning with a thick book within next thirty second. Niall has the guts to laugh — loudy — when Zayn returns with a flushes face.

“Shut up!” Zayn growls, the red colour spreading down to his neck. “It was a gag gift from my manager-slash-best friend for my twentieth–’

“Oh, save the excuses,” Niall says between his laughs. “But good to know we have a reference.”

Niall opens the book to a random page and feels his own cheeks heating up when there’s a picture of rather complicated looking position.

“The lotus blossom?” Zayn repeats once they’re both gloriously naked. Niall nods and straddles Zayn’s waist, feeling his head against his core. “I’m pretty sure I’m supposed to…” Zayn shifts around until he finds a comfortable position — no pun intended — for him to encase Niall’s pale thighs with his own.

“Don’t worry,” Niall tells Zayn, knowing the older was about to say something about prep. “I like it dry sometimes.”

“I don’t want to hurt you,” Zayn bites his lower lips, pulling away from the position. Niall opens his mouth to ask what the heck he’s doing when he feels his back connecting to the mattress. Zayn cups his erection in one hand whilst he uses the other to spread Niall’s legs further apart. Niall blushes, realising what Zayn wants to do. Sure enough, Zayn’s wet tongue probes at his hole, pushing in just past the outer ring. Niall swears so colourfully when Zayn slides his tongue in further, the tip just grazing at his prostate. He can feel Zayn’s lips stretching into a smirk as he tongue-