have filming in two days.”

Fucking awesome.

-

Niall texted Zayn to meet up with him at a café and Zayn replied with yes. So here he is, sat at a table, sipping at a latte as he looks around. A lot of the stores have the Christmas décor and it won’t be Christmas for a couple weeks, Jesus. Niall got with the festive mood and ordered peppermint latte anyways.

“Sorry about being late,” Zayn apologises when he shows up. “Paps.”

“Well, Zayn, I totally forgot you’re a famous pornstar and paparazzi follow you,” Niall replies drolly. “Get coffee, I’ll be waiting.”

 

Five minutes later, Zayn returns with a venti mocha. He sips his coffee and looks at Niall.

“Any particular you wanted to see me?” Zayn asks.

“Do I really need a reason to see my friend?” It’d be lovely if I knew what you wanted for Christmas. “Just wanted to see your sexy face.”

“Aren’t you the best,” Zayn sticks his tongue out. “Did you get anything for me?”

“Maybe,” absolutely not. “But you won’t find out ‘til Christmas.”

“Not even a hint?” Zayn pouts, doing a puppy dog face.

“Not working, sorry Zayn,” Niall shoves his hand in Zayn’s face, blocking out the face. “Be patient, God.”

“Patience was never my virtue,” Zayn replies. “Ugh, I had filming yesterday and my partner showed up almost half-hour late. Needless to say, the director was pissed.”

“Who was the partner?” Niall shouldn’t feel jealous, not when he bloody well knows that Zayn is a pornstar. “If you’re going to answer, that is.”

“An amateur,” Zayn dodges the question like Niall expected. “Sort of needed to work on his exaggerated moans though.”

“I totally did not need to hear that,” Niall scrunches his nose up. “The only time I’ll ever have our sex recorded is that time I starred in that arc thingie.”

“So you won’t let me film us having sex with my phone for shits and giggles?” Zayn arches a brow. “That’s sad.”

“No,” Niall rolls his eyes. “What are you going to do with the video anyways? Show it to Louis? Which, by the way, will be a no-no.”

“He already watched the video where we have sex,” Zayn points out. “It’s not like he doesn’t know how your dick looks like.”

Niall is tempted to throw his latte at Zayn.

But he also notices Zayn said ‘have sex’ instead of ‘fuck’.

“I’m gonna get some cookies…” Niall mumbles his excuse and practically runs to the counter.


Is there a chance Zayn loves me back?


-


That was unexpected…


Niall practically fled from Zayn and he hasn’t a clue why. What did he say wrong? About three minutes later, Niall returns with the said cookies — marcona nuts with chocolate chips — and immediately shoves them into his mouth. Zayn arches a brow at his Irish friend but he’s ignored.

Alright then.

“Wanna come to my place?” Zayn offers. He doesn’t know if Louis will be there though. “We can, I don’t know, play games?”

“Sure.”

 

Twenty minutes later, fuck London traffic, Zayn arrive at his house with Niall. It’s a rare occasion when he brings people other than Louis to his house but he thinks Niall has earned the right to be in his house.

“I still can’t believe you live in a fecking mansion,” Niall grouses.

“I’m a really famous pornstar, remember?” Zayn winks at Niall cheekily. “Let’s get in.”

They go to Zayn’s room and Zayn sort of feels self-conscious that he has mirrors for his walls in his room. He doesn’t know why he did it, other than the fact that he felt like it when he remodelled his house. It’s erotic, looking into his own reflection as he fucks into someone.

“Hm, what will we ever do…” Niall muses to himself, flopping onto Zayn’s bed. “Other than playing games, of course.”

“Is there something we haven’t done yet?” Zayn scoffs. “We had sex in almost every position known to men.”

“True,” Niall has one of his knees bent and he’s swinging it. “You’re too inflexible to try the Bridge.”

“Oh, it’s not like I’m a fucking stripper,” Zayn rolls his eyes. “I don’t have to be flexible for my job, babe.”

“So I’ve noticed,” Niall sighs dramatically. “So, what are we going to do, Mr. Malik?”

Zayn smirks as he climbs on top of Niall’s body and straddles the blond, leaning down to kiss him hard on the lips