, a range between alto and tenor.

“I’ll buy you next time.”

-

Fuck, why did I feel the butterflies when he touched my face? Louis presses his back against the wall, getting ready for his show at 5.45. I never got that from other private dances.

He redresses himself in sparking blue/silver thongs for the early evening show and his usual routine partner, AJ, throws him a smile that manages to relax him.

It’s not exactly there, but the work’s protocol prohibits the workers from sleeping with one another but Louis has slept with AJ a couple times, after their shift. What can he say, strippers do get horny after their performances.

I don’t know what was up with that client, Louis reminds himself, walking onto the stage.

-

Couple days after his eventful birthday party, Zayn is sat on the stool in front of a pretty barmaid. She’s been giving him googly eyes for last half-hour and it’s almost working.

Almost, because there’s a lad with pretty blue eyes and nice arse. Zayn can’t imagine how such creature is alone at the bar and he walks towards him.

“Hey,” Zayn offers a genuine smile. “What are you doing here alone?”

The bloke’s eyes widen, as if from recognition, and he opens his mouth then closes it.

“You got a name, love?” Zayn persists, frowning now.

“Um,” the voice is low and drawn-out, telling Zayn it’s not how he usually sounds like. “Just call me Lou…”

“Lou,” Zayn tests out the name, smiling for a reason unbeknownst to him. “That’s a nickname, I suppose?”

“Um, yeah.”

Zayn buys a couple of shots and the barmaid is now throwing daggers at both of them. He just grabs Lou by his waist and drags him to the dance floor.

“Um, I don’t…” Lou protests, his eyes widening with fear. “I can’t.”

“You can’t be worse than me, c’mon!” Zayn laughs and puts his hands atop Lou’s small shoulders. They get into the rhythm, Zayn’s front grinding into Lou’s behind. Lou is making noises that are between whimpers and moans, a delectable sound Zayn loves a lot.

“We can take this somewhere if you’d like?” Zayn arches a brow.

“Sure…”

-

Louis didn’t expect to run into Mr. Delish so soon again, never mind see him outside his work. He seems like a type to spend all night studying and with his luck, the other bloke will find out he’s a bloody stripper.

“Do you come ‘ere often?” He asks, the brow seemingly arched permanently. “I’m often dragged by my friends so yeah.”

“Couples times a day, I suppose,” I work there. “But dancing isn’t a way to pick me up.”

“Then what is?” There’s a sober amusement dancing in those deep amber eyes. “Do enlighten me.”

“I… I gotta go,” Louis turns around and hails a cab home.

-

Something about that lad isn’t… estranged. Zayn notes inside his head.

He’s very surprised that the bronze-haired bloke ditched him halfway to his house for what? Cuddling? Fucking? Whatever the case was, he’s gone and there’s a pang in his chest.

I’m sorry for not making it in time, Harry, Zayn rests his hand against the wall, bracing himself. I failed you.

Harry might not remember him, but for a brief time, they went to secondary school together, Harry as a Year 8 student, Zayn himself as an upper sixth form. He knew the rumours about a certain Cheshire native, how he was abandoned by his family for being gay and other stuff.

He wanted to protect Harry since then.

As an assistant teacher in Harry’s college, he kept a close eye on Harry and he did notice how the younger lad was losing weight, or how the dark bags formed under his eyes.

He enters his bedroom without much noise, careful not to wake his roommate, Liam, up. He only hears a disgruntled noise when he shucks off all his clothes in favour of his boxers, then plops into his own bed across from Liam’s.


 



“I know you tried,” Harry’s voice is soft like a virgin snow. “And I know you wish this were real, not a sodden dream.”



“I’m sorry,” Zayn can’t look into Harry’s leaf-green eyes. “I thought I knew you so well.”



“You tried to save me, when no one else did,” a frail, too-pale hand touches Zayn’s chin, lifting his gaze. “What if I told you I’ve been given a second chance?”



“I don’t believe in reincarnation, babe,” Zayn smiles despite the rigidness