the most chaste way possible. How much I long for your lips crashing to mine as our bare bodies collide with passion, how you feel as we make love.



   Yes, babe, I'm truly a hopeless romantic, when it comes to you, and it's never good enough. I live for your love, and that is something I can never feel again in life.



   Because you're gone now.


   I'm so sorry, so sorry that I ended it.


   I was a fool, fool to think for a second that it's possible to be reckless and not pay the price. I shouldn't have gotten on the car that night. I shouldn't have driven the car to the restaurant with you in the first place.



   Why didn't I stop myself? 



   Why didn't I listen to the dark voices inside my head telling me it won't work?



   Why didn't I listen when you told me we should hail a cab to be safe on that stormy day, that we needn't go on that date and postpone it?



   It's all my fault.


   The shrinks can suck a dick for telling me to blame myself because it's entirely my fault that you are no longer with me.


   Fuck, I wish I can take it all back. All the things I said to you from the beginning of our relationship when you got angry and wanted to end it. All the things I said when you were seconds away from walking throught the door unsure.



   I planned to propose to you in that restaurant, with everyone in that place listening to my speech.



   Here's how it goes:



   My dearest love, it's been three months, two weeks and four days since I asked you to be mine, and nearly 4 years since our band has been formed. To this day, I still thank my lucky stars that it was possible for me to meet you, my eternal love, my heart and soul forever.


   Remember the first time we kissed in that party? It literally was the life-changing experience for me. Your - our -  kiss opened my eyes to what was real, what can really happen to us.


   My lips tingle everytime I think of that - our first kiss, our first snog, our first love making.



   I fell for you for your flaws and imperfections, all your little things that make you who you are.


   This is why I love you so dearly, Zayn Javadd Malik. Mein tumse pyaar karta hoon.


   Will you marry me?


   That doesn't matter anymore, Zee. It won't ever matter to us  anymore cos you're gone, just like that, yeah, you're gone forever.


   I wanted to re-tell all our stories when we grow old together, adopting kids and telling the story of us. 



   The story of us, our love, ended with my recklessness.



   I should've listened to you, not act like a jerk who wanted to prove himself.



   They say if you have a crush on someone for more that three or four months, it's not a simple crush anymore - it's love. When I fell for you, I never expected any of this. This happiness we shared together, all the cries, all the desperation.



   All I wanted you to do was fall in an irrevocable, unconditional love with me and never leave me alone until we draw our last breaths together, barely seconds apart from eacth other. I don't really believe in afterlife but were it to exist, I choose to spend the rest of forever with you.



   I'm dead inside and out now, without you to guide me through the darkness that veils the truth and love from our - my - friends. I can't let myself feel the joy without you to share it with me.



   Fuck, just come back, come back to me, Zayn. Come back to me in life and demolish the wall of solitude I built around myself as self-presevervation, something that would've never happened if I was more careful -


   Harry stops his writing for a second to wipe at his tears angrily, the stupid engagement ring - the one he got on his own birthday more than a year and half ago now - glinting in the half-light of the nightstand beside his bed.

   Shakily, he reaches out for a box of cigarettes and lights one expertly, eyes fluttering shut as the numbness sets in.

   Numbness, that is the only thing he lets himself feel other than remorse and sorrow these days. With his condition falling down exponentially, the management of One Direction decided to give them a little break.

   Louis settled as a songwriter, with help from Liam, and Niall became the backup guitarist for some pop rock group Harry has never heard of. Liam and Louis came out as a couple not long after the band "broke apart", in short time of four weeks, actually. Harry laughed humourlessly when the news of another gay couple of One Direction shoot up the media. They'll never learn, will they?

   Coating his