in front of Liam. At first Liam thought it was his mistake, a trick of the lighting but the sent was fruity and faint, a drink that foreshadowed a night on a tile floor with your head hung over the toilet. 





	“What is this?”





	“From him.” The bartender nodded towards a guy on the other side of the bar.





	 A man sat there with a smirk stretched across his cheeks and an oblivious bravery that gave him the courage to wink, quick and flirtatious. 





	Liam wasn't sure if disgust or hatred was more prominent in the glare that narrowed his eyes and tightened his jaw. He stood fast and clumsy, nearly knocking over the bar stool, and pressed his feet against unstable ground as he marched unceremoniously towards the man.





	“Liam, Liam. Let's go mate, let's go, c'mon.” Niall pressed against Liam's chest as he stepped in his way. “Don't do this mate, don't.”





	But Niall's attempts at stopping Liam from regret were in vain and Liam muttered what sounded like 'move' as he pushed past his bottle blond friend.





	“Hey!” The man turned around at Liam's shout and, realizing it was Liam, smirked for the second time that night. “You think your cool, faggot? Think your gay ass has anything on me?”





	“Names Jack” The man, Jack, spoke coolly, collected and it irritated every nerve in Liam's body. “I'll take it you think your not gay?”





	“Think? More like know.” Liam took another step so that he could look down at Jack, an involuntary reaction to threat. “I'm straight.” He growled low, under his breath.





	“You sure about that? Even most straight men would have taken that as a compliment, it's a good drink, babe, you should try it.” 





	Jack raised his glass at the same moment Liam raised his fist, he took a sip of the blue liquor the same time Liam swung and he set his drink down the same moment Niall fell to the floor, blood dripping onto his lip. 





	The room was silent except for someone's 'Oh my God' in the background but Niall got up and the room was loud again and Liam was somewhat sober again and Jack smirked, again.





	“Niall I didn't mean to-” Liam lost his words in the back of his throat as he watched Niall wipe the blood on his shirt, mumble a 'Let's go Liam.' and walk towards the exit.





-:-:-:-:-:-:-





 





	“I'm sorry, I really am.” 





	Niall may have been claustrophobic but Liam really hated lifts at the moment. His words seemed to bounce and echo off the walls forcing him to hear his own regret.





	“I'm from Ireland, mate, you should see some of those bar fights.” Niall didn't turn to meet Liam's eyes but they both laughed and even that was cautious and forced.





	“That guy was a right douche.”





	“No, he wasn't.” Liam had never been great at lightening situations, that was Louis' forte but still, he was trying and in turn gave Niall a look that read 'what the heck, agree with me here'. “Not until you talked to him anyway.”





	“Well what else was I suppose to do? He thought I was gay!”





	“Thousands of people do, Liam!” This time Niall turned and looked at Liam, the volume of his voice pushing Liam a step back. “Ever heard of shipping? Read fan fiction at least once in your life? We're a boy band for crying out loud! But does that make you gay? No, It doesn't! You could have just turned down the drink, you could have got up and left but you just had to prove it to him. What does straight mean to you Liam? Does it mean being an ass, does it mean this? Niall pointed to his nose which was turning purple.





	“That was an accident, I didn't mean to hit you.”





	“But it was him, you meant to hit him, to prove what, Liam? What do you feel like you constantly have to prove.”





	Liam heard Niall's voice and he felt the tears that traveled down his cheeks but his mind wasn't in the lift and Niall could tell by the distant look in his eyes so he wasn't surprised to hear Liam whisper nearly inaudible words. 





	“I think I love him.”





	“Then show him, mate.”





-:-:-:-:-:-:-





 





	Zayn never did like waking up. He didn't like the sudden brightness, the foggy memories of dreams and the even blurrier memories of the night before, but recently was different. Recently he absolutely despised waking up. He wished to sleep forever, to live in his dreams where nothing was permanent, nothing actually hurt, nothing was real.





	Louis was still asleep next to him, a pillow tucked under his arm and the blanket twisted around his waist. 





	Zayn turned reaching for his phone on