’s jeans.  Niall brackets Harry’s waist, propping himself up with his hands when they start rutting their hips together.

Harry lets out a strained moan, tipping his head back when Niall moves his hips in a slow, figure eight motion.  Niall curses when their bodies tremble from the sensation, going breathless when Harry brings him down for a kiss, pleading, “Don’t stop.”

—

There’s a buzzing in Niall’s head when he wakes up several hours later, his arm draped around Harry’s shoulders while Harry peacefully sleeps over his chest.  Harry’s hair smells of orange, a nice light scent that fills Niall up.  His head buzzes again and Niall realizes his phone is under the pillow, carefully pulling it out to see who’s bothering him.  He smacks his forehead when he sees several messages from his father, demanding to know where his son had gone and if he was okay.

Harry stirs as Niall’s sending an apology to his dad, smiling when Harry’s nose nuzzles against his neck.  They’re both shirtless and still in their boxers under Harry’s blanket, their legs weakly intertwined.  Niall can still hear the echoes of their night together, especially Harry’s overwhelmingly vocal curses when he left a trail love bites along Harry's hips.

Niall relaxes when his dad sends his final reply, rubbing his eyes from the morning sun peeking through the blinds next to Harry’s bed.  Harry sits up and stretches his arms, making Niall bite his lip at the sight of his back muscles flexing.  He reaches out for Harry as he’s yawning, the pads of his fingers tracing a line down Harry’s spine that makes him shudder and sway a little before he leans back on an elbow, facing Niall.

“Did something come up? You were texting pretty fast.”

“It was my dad.  He was flipping out ‘cause I forgot to tell him I wouldn’t be home.”

“Did you tell him what we did last night?” Harry smiles lazily and Niall’s heart pounds a loud beat.

“Yeah, I’m sure he’ll be thrilled to hear about it,” Niall ponders with a snort.  “Do you have work today?”

Harry shakes his head.  “Not on weekends.  And you can only stay if your dad says it’s okay,” he teases.

Minutes later they’re out of bed and in the shower, taking longer than expected when they end up messing around instead.  They make out under the warm water for several minutes, giving each other hand jobs that leaves both of them shaking when they come at the same time.

Niall clears his throat after they finish, telling Harry, “Don’t know about you, but I could definitely use some breakfast after that little workout.”

“I can make fried eggs if you want,” Harry says, tossing a clean towel to Niall before he dries off.  “Or we could go out, I don’t mind either way.”

Niall stays quiet as he’s running the towel through his hair, watching as Harry wipes away the leftover droplets from his taut body.  He grins when Harry wraps the towel around his waist, wincing as he gently rubs at one of the fresh love bites on his hip.

“Are you going to keep smiling or are you going to tell me what’s up?” Harry muses.

Niall raises a brow, casually pursing his lips.  “Just admiring the marks I left on you.”

Harry’s cheeks pink up and he pulls Niall closer with the towel hanging from his neck.  “I don’t have to leave any on you to know where I’ve been.”

—

The couple have a hearty breakfast at a diner two blocks from Harry’s place, and it’s enough to reenergize Niall for the rest of the day.  After he walks Harry back to his apartment, Niall happily struts down the staircase back to the parking lot, sparsely filled with pickup trucks and delivery vans from the building next door.

Niall’s spinning his keys around the hole of his keychain when an old red Jeep CJ pulls up behind his car, effectively blocking his way.  He lets out a sigh, waiting for the Jeep to move when its window rolls down, revealing none other than Liam wearing a pair of sunglasses and a mile-wide grin.

“Good morning, sunshine!” Liam sings, taking off his shades.  “Funny I should meet you here.  Everything cool?”

“Yeah man, it’s great,” Niall grins, straightening his posture.  “Harry just got home if you’re going up.”

“Oh, good!  I was about to have a little chat with him before I dropped off Louis.”

“Louis?  He’s still with you?”

Liam freezes, his neck muscles tightening by the second.  “Yes,” he grits through his teeth, looking down, “he’s in the car.”

“Aha!”  Niall steps back, surprised at the sound of a familiar voice.  Liam closes his eyes, grimacing as Louis’s