Zayn and…I think I’m gonna call it a night and go home, ‘m feeling kinda worn out.” Niall stammered incoherently and he knew he didn’t even make sense.
“What about Zayn? And since when do you care if you’ve ever met the people you’re spending the evening with or not?” Harry’s face expressed utter confusion.
“I don’t know and I don’t care right now. Goodnight Haz, see ya tomorrow.”
Harry knew him well enough to let him go without further asking, Niall would talk to him if the time was right.
As Niall crossed the living room in which Zayn stood with the pretty girl he tried to not even look at him because every time he saw Zayn smiling at the girl it felt like a punch to the guts. He kept his gaze straight forward until he heard his name being called out. He immediately knew that it was Zayn, he would recognize his voice everywhere. Zayn was walking up to him and asked him where he was going.
“I’m tired Zayn, gonna go home now.”
“What, why? I thought we wanted to get smashed tonight?” Zayn looked confused.
“’m sorry, another time. Have fun with Miss Heart-Eyes right there.” Niall turned around and left the room. He was almost running, he just wanted to get away from the place where Zayn was occupied by someone else than him. But then he heard footsteps behind him, coming closer.
“Wait Niall, what’s going on?” Zayn was standing behind him, his face slightly flushed from the short run.
“Zayn, I don’t want to talk about it right now. I’m not in the mood to discuss why I’m feeling left out when I see you talking to pretty girls when the original plan was to get pissed with you. I don’t want to fucking talk about the promise you made today, to spend the evening with me but now you’re chatting up some random girl!? I don’t want to talk about it! Or even think about it!” He was breathing fast now, his voice rose with every word he said and he didn’t even know why he was that angry at Zayn, it wasn’t the first time that one of them found someone else to talk to for the evening. But this time it felt different.
“What are you even talking about, Niall? Why are you angry at me, I didn’t even do anything! And what do you mean by saying ‘random girl’? She’s my cousin, I haven’t seen her in years.”
“Your cousin?? Oh shit, I thought you were gonna like…hook up with her or anything…”
“Why do you care if I did? Niall, are you jealous??”
Niall was beat red by now, he wasn’t even aware that he was jealous until Zayn said it.
“I...I guess I am…she is so pretty and you are so pretty and you looked so happy together…I was so excited for tonight because I thought we’d spend it together and get drunk and if we were drunk enough I maybe would have had the courage to finally tell you that I love you and we would have ended up happily but then I saw the girl and thought maybe it wasn’t such a good idea after all because you’re probably not even feeling the same way and I thou…”
His rambling was interrupted by soft lips pressing against his. His eyes grew wide in disbelief.
“Wha…?”
“Niall, I would have never wanted to spend the evening with anyone I didn’t know before rather than with you. But I haven’t seen my cousin in such a long time and I couldn’t just ignore her even though I wanted to be with you so badly. I saw you on the couch all the time and you looked so comfortable and cuddly, all I wanted to do was walk over to you and cuddle with you. You are the only person I would choose over anyone and anything.”
“Zayn, what are you saying?”
“I love you, Niall. And I hope that I didn’t just dream hearing you say it too.”
“No Zayn, you heard right. I love you too. And now give me a proper kiss!”
Zayn smiled softly at him and leaned in to give him the softest kiss Niall has ever had. It only lasted for a short time and Zayn already pulled back, but Niall wasn’t having any of that and brought Zayn back in by pulling him down with his hands around his neck. This time the kiss wasn’t so soft anymore and Niall let his tongue slip along Zayn’s bottom lip until Zayn parted his lips and they were full on snogging until a voice broke them out of their own little world.
“I knew you were gonna get to that part at some time! Finally you made it!”
“Harry?!”
“How long have you been standing there, Harry?”
“Long