blind, Zee.” Niall laughed that vaguely hysterical laugh. “You should see the stars I can see in your eyes when you look at each other. Liam’s bloody glowing.” He sniggered.

Liam ducked his head then, just barely catching Zayn’s eye.

Louis joined in the laughter with Niall, opening his fat mouth to spill that they’d been snogging behind their backs for weeks probably. “We thought our little Zaynie was so innocent, virginal even.”

With a loud, embarrassed sound, Zayn turned to hide his face against Liam, it just so happened, of course, that his head fell onto Liam’s thigh. The drugged up boy and the one who was purely high on life both found that hilarious and began making even more ridiculous sounds.

“Come on, Zayn.” Liam harrumphed, reaching for Zayn’s hand and pulling him to his feet, tugging him along on the way to the door.

“Oh!” Niall cried out behind them, his voice drenched in laughter, “Be safe!”

Liam’s face was fire engine red by the time that Niall’s door closed behind them, his hand sweaty in Zayn’s. “That was embarrassing.”

“More for me than for you.” Zayn grumbled, marching ahead.

“Aw, Zayn,” Liam swung their joined hands up into the air, looping that arm around Zayn so that their hands rested just over his shoulder. “If it makes you feel better, you’ve never seemed virginal around me.” He pressed a kiss to the side of Zayn’s head.

The boys continued from the hospital through the dorms, up the flight of stairs to the Library. Karen was immersed in Story Time, so they moved on up through the second level of the empty cafeteria and the mysterious laboratories. Liam paused at the top of the Level One stairs, showed his badge to the two guards (Patrick and Basil, because of course Liam knew their names), and they went on up to the ACC.

Zayn hadn’t been to see his animals in far too long. Rufus went mad as soon as Zayn walked through the door. He whined and went flying across the floor, slipping and sliding, only crashing into another dog once, before hurling himself into Zayn’s arms. He licked at Zayn’s cheeks and chin and forehead and fingers. In return, he got scratches behind the ears and at the back of his neck as he nuzzled his head into Zayn’s chest.

Liam called Loki over, the much calmer dog prancing over to sniff at Liam’s hand tentatively before licking at it.

“Did you miss me?” Zayn asked Rufus, unable to help the grin when the dog barked in reply. “I bet you did. I miss you all the time, boy.” And it wasn’t until he said it that Zayn realized it was so true. He’d taken Rufus for granted before they came to Holdon; he was loyal and warm and loved him unconditionally.

Liam laughed, drawing Zayn’s attention away to where he’d been pushed over onto his back. Loki was standing on Liam’s chest, looking down in curiosity, tail wagging furiously. Another few dogs were coming over to investigate what the person was doing.

Rufus licked Zayn’s cheek. “Hey,” Zayn grabbed his dogs face by the sides. “Don’t think I’m forgetting about you just because I’ve got him now too.” His hazel gaze flickered back over to where Liam was slowly being covered in dogs. An interesting rendition of a fur coat.

“I’m going to go visit my cat, Liam.” Zayn said, standing up and brushing the accumulated dog fur off himself. “You should meet Rufus,” he gently prodded his dog over towards the other man.

Liam extended his hand to Rufus, “Of course, I want to meet this pretty boy. C’mere, Rufus.” He whistled, perking up the ears of every dog in the room.

“I’ll be right –“

A strange sound echoed around outside in the fields, a sound Zayn had definitely never heard before, but one the dogs seemed to be used to as did the workers in the ACC. It was only Liam that jumped into action when he heard the sound. The dogs scattered away from him like he’d been the origin of the sound.

“Zayn,” Liam gasped, running straight past him for the door back to the fields.

Naturally, Zayn followed.

By the time he reached the door, Liam was already setting off at a run along the path that led straight through the middle of the Holdon Fields to the door at the other end that exited them.

“Liam!” Zayn hadn’t actually run since a while before he’d gotten to Holdon, so right away his muscles were almost begging him to stop, but he ignored that and attempted to catch up. “Liam, where are you going?”

While he didn’t slow down at all – which really, Zayn wished he would – Liam turned to speak over