of cheeky attitude as Harry’s binoculars had.

Well. He hoped.

The box he ended up hand delivering (for no other reason than it felt right) to the little flower shop was small and from the store he’d bought it in, taped securely closed and innocent-looking enough, despite its pastel pink colouring. Louis’d carefully slotted it through the mail drop a full three hours before the boutique was set to open for the day, not wanting another awkward encounter just yet.

And so now Louis was left to sweat it out and wait to see what Harry would do next.

Niall didn’t appreciate him being even more distracted at work that day in the slightest. Oh well.

 

He didn’t have to wait long for a reply. It was after getting through the door to his flat, laughing at himself again for actually hanging the shower curtains (though he pulled them aside now as, despite being clear, they still warped what you saw through them) that he immediately spotted Harry in his own flat and-  oh. 

Scrambling for the binoculars, he finally has a means to better drool over the long, lean man across the way. Louis has permission now, as well, which makes it even better to him.

Draped gracefully on Harry’s body is the negligee Louis had found, sheer and decorated with faded designs of flowers. He’s not sure what type it is, the front hem being shorter than the back of the top, but whatever the cut is does wonders to reveal the pretty pink lacy panties he’d bought for Harry as well. He’d felt for himself just how soft they were, not scratchy like some lace can be on lingerie.

Everything looks gorgeous, as Louis had suspected it would, flowing and billowing around Harry’s torso. Harry, who was dancing again, this time slow and languid like he knew it’d look the best. God, but Louis wants to know what it feels like to have his hands on that waist while it twists and swishes. His gift was accepted, Harry had  wanted  him to watch him through the window.

He’s not sure how long he watches Harry, entranced as always by the long-haired man. Eventually Harry turns toward his window, blowing a kiss and winking before sashaying further into his flat, disappearing from sight. Louis finally comes to a decision.

The next time he sees Harry dressed like that will be in person.

Before he lowers the binoculars, he finally spies a vase of star shaped flowers sitting proudly on the dining room table.

Harry may have abused his friendship with Liam, but what good is having a police officer with the means to track down cute boys who buy him apology flowers if he can’t exploit it? And anyway, if Liam wants Harry to stop complaining about never meeting anyone, he should be more than happy to help him out with his whims. Though, it had taken the promise of baking him his favorite biscuits as well as a beautifully arranged vase of flowers for his desk at the station before he agreed.

Louis, the devastatingly handsome man who had bumbled into his flower shop and had wanted to apologize for being a peeping tom. With flowers. Who had rushed out of the boutique after writing the note in the most endearing display of bashfulness Harry's ever witnessed.

Who left the softest, cutest negligee and knickers for him at his store and made him blush in the back room after opening up the package without reading the note attached to the box.


 Harry, 



 Thank you for the curtain, I’ve hung it up and kept the binoculars nearby ;) 



 I saw these and thought of you. If I’m on the same page as you, then I hope you’re flattered. If I’m wrong, feel free to flip me off next time past 6 comes around. You can also keep these for yourself, you’re not obligated to wear them for me at all. 



 Might want to open this up when you get to a private place, since this gift is for your eyes only. 



 Hoping this is cute and not creepy, 



 Louis 


The fact that, even after Harry sent the man  translucent shower curtains and a pair of binoculars , Louis was still making sure he wasn’t overstepping boundaries somehow had endeared the man to him even more.

Of course he had worn the items that evening, choosing to dance around his flat to slow, fluid piano music so he could really show off how good he looked and felt wearing the gift. And now the ball is back in Louis’ court.

Harry had given him the go ahead. Twice now. Hopefully he’d be going on a date with Louis as a result.

 

Now that Louis has been given a green light from Harry, he’s unsure how to take their flirting from the more removed exchanging of cheeky gifts to the much more personal next step of asking to grab coffee together. What if they actually have nothing in common? What if the chemistry ends at Harry wearing cute, skimpy outfits for Louis to ogle at from his sliding glass door?