whatever that girl’s boyfriend’s name is, is going to be there most likely so Zayn has to go.

He readjusts himself before Liam walks in, that soft smile that he always wears on his face. “Hey, thought maybe you’d want to get something to eat before we go out,” he greets.

The shaved style really works for Liam, especially with the thick of his beard. He wears a black sweater underneath that coat he has had forever, trimmed with wool and bulky around his frame, but his cheeks are red from the wind and cold. His fingers are chilly, when they reach out and brush against Zayn’s bare arm, his own skin still warm from the shower.

“I um, yeah. We can. I just have to go back to my room and change. Wanna meet up after?”

“I can go with you, if you want. It’s not going to take long?”

Zayn glares at him before he can stop himself. Liam doesn’t know that he needs to relieve himself, and he isn’t going to tell Liam that either, so he nods.

The walk back to campus is torturous, because Liam keeps doing Liam things and they are driving Zayn a bit mad. His eyes crinkling when he laughs, his tongue flicking out to wet his lips even though it is cold and they are going to get chapped. The way he shrugs his smile into his shoulder when Zayn slides an arm around his lower back to keep him close, which he probably shouldn’t do because Liam smells good and he wants to press his nose into the crook of his neck and see if Liam tastes just as good -

He tries to be casual, low key about the fact that he wants to press Liam into the wall the moment they step into his dorm room, but he really isn’t and he isn’t sure how Liam hasn’t been able to figure it out yet.

Or maybe he does know, and is trying to torture Zayn even though that is completely unlike Liam. He asks for one of Zayn’s shirt when they get in, barely waiting for a response before he is taking off the sweater he wears. Zayn is glad Liam is turned around at least, so he can gently squeeze himself through his jeans just to relieve the ache, and the way his cock twitches when his eyes rake over Liam’s back, muscular and defined. A lot different than when they were younger, before Liam had started working out.

He feels kind of creepy standing there and having a crisis while he stares at his best mate’s back, so he digs through his drawers to distract himself, trying to find something to wear that will get him laid tonight. Or a blowie in the bathroom. Whatever, just something that will ease his mind away from Liam.

He settles with a black button up with a black shirt underneath, cut low enough that the wings and start of red lips on his chest peek out. Liam offers to help him when he puts in the hoops in his one ear, and Zayn lets him because his mother had been right when she told him that he causes most of his own problems.

“Ready?” Liam says, reaching out to brush his thumb under Zayn’s bottom lip. He really shouldn’t have told Liam that touching him whenever he wants is a good thing to do, because he wants to groan, and suck Liam’s thumb in-between his lips just to see the way Liam’s eyes would probably get wide and his skin would flush.

“Yeah, let’s go,” he breathes out.

Zayn decides to invite the other boys to get food with them, feeling bad when he tells Liam and it makes his face falls.

“I’m sorry. Next time, just you and me. Promise.” Zayn leans in to whisper the words against his ear, and Liam’s shoulder comes up as he grins.

His face falls again though, when Zayn sits himself between Harry and Niall, making Liam sit across from him with Louis. He hooks an ankle around Liam’s, making that smile come fluttering back.

It is strange, not sitting next to Liam and everyone notices. Even Louis gives him a genuinely concerned look. It’s just part of their group dynamic. Liam and Zayn, attached at the hip. 

He doesn’t know why he thought having the three other boys around would be enough to keep him from having his full attention on Liam, either. He is aware of every flick of Liam’s eyes in his direction, every drag of his tongue against his bottom lip, every time he rubs at his jaw.

Even when they get to the bar, and they are surrounded by people, Zayn is all too aware of Liam’s body near him, or when he gets separated from the group and Zayn has to wait for him to catch up.

Melissa has their beers sliding towards them without them ordering, sending Niall a glare that is too soft to be meaningful and maybe Liam had been right