with this,” Zayn jokes, pulling Liam closer to him. “Or maybe just mad for you.”

It’s not one of his best lines, but he’s been with Liam long enough to not care if he makes a fool of himself. And he’s missed him. He’s missed being close to Liam, feeling Liam’s strong arms around him. He wants to finally be able to kiss him, but it feels like it would ruin the calm air that’s settling around heavily around them.

Liam guides him slowly, and Zayn’s not sure if it’s really considered dancing or just rocking back and forth and he feels a bit ridiculous in just his underwear, while Liam’s clearly dressed for whatever this is but he doesn’t care, because Liam’s voice is filling the room and it takes Zayn a moment to realize that it’s coming from the phone, and not the man pressed against him.


I got a heart and I got a soul,


Liam leans forward, resting his chin on Zayn’s shoulder as they move. The melody is the same as the one Liam’s been humming under his breath the whole time, the one he continues to hum along the exposed skin on Zayn’s neck.  

“Liam?” Zayn breathes. We made a start, be it a false one I know

The other man doesn’t respond as he moves them around the dining room a little more, the song matching the slow movements of their bodies.


So kiss me where I lay down, my hands pressed to your cheeks


Liam tightens the hold around Zayn, and Zayn’s fingers skate through the hair at the back of his head. Something heavy settles in his chest, spreading warmth through him as his mind plays over the words. I have loved you since we were eighteen

Eighteen. He remembers the way his heart used to flutter in his chest whenever Liam was close, whenever Liam would smile and his eyes would crinkle and Zayn used to think that smile was special for him. He remembers the night clearly, curled against Liam’s chest at some hotel somewhere while on tour and realizing for the first time he hadn’t want to be anywhere else. How true, ‘right next to you, Liam’, had become. He had fallen asleep, instead of letting himself think about it too much because Liam was his best mate, and his feelings had seemed to forget that.

He remembers London, and the way his chest ached because Liam wouldn’t talk to him, wouldn’t come near him. It had been days, and when Liam finally let him come in, his eyes had been red like he had been crying and Zayn hadn’t cared that he was mad and had gone there with the purpose of yelling, of demanding to know what he had done wrong. Instead, he had curled his arms around the other boy’s shoulders, cuddling him until he was ready to speak.


I love you Zayn. I’m not sure when I figured it out, but I know.


Liam pulls his head up from Zayn’s shoulders, fingers sliding around the curve of his back as he lets his voice twine together with the recorded one. “And all I can do is say that these arms are made for holding you.”

Zayn leans forward, slotting their lips together to muffle his words. He can’t stop himself. The song makes his chest ache because it’s about them, it has to be.

Liam’s lips are pliant under the soft pressure of his as he stills the movement of his feet, giving Zayn the control to guide them. He cups his hands around Liam’s jaw the way he did that first time, after Liam had pulled himself away because he thought he had ruined what they had after his confession. He moves his lips against Liam’s with purpose, because even after three years he’s still unable to find the right words to tell Liam how he feels.

The sound of their heavy breaths fill the room as the melody stops before it’s just Liam’s voice, and the other man is pulling back, though his fingers dig into Zayn’s hip to keep him close. Kiss me where I lay down, my hands pressed to your cheeks.

Zayn tickles his fingers against Liam’s warm cheeks, smiling at the man in front of him. A long way from the playground

“I have loved you since we were eighteen,” Liam declares, no longer singing along. His words are rushed and forced sounding, but his shoulders are pressed back in an air of confidence. “Long before we both thought the same thing.”

Zayn tilts his head, trying to read the expression now on Liam’s face. It reminds him of the first time they had sex, with Liam’s flushed cheeks and the nervousness tinting his features. He hadn’t wanted to mess up, though Zayn doesn’t think he ever could.

It had been fumbled, and Liam’s fingers had shaken so bad that Zayn had to