when I heard of it last month... Sorry for not writing this sooner but I hadn't a clue how to tell you this... I love you, and I always will. You broke into tears when I got accepted into Leeds Trinity University... I held you all night, whispering sweet nothings in your ears as we fell asleep, our limbs intertwined as we slept through most of the morning. I think the professors didn't care though, since it was a Monday... or was it a Tuesday? Hmm, forgive me for being... forgetful. It's hard for me to stay awake for longer than four hours these days and I'm writing this quite early, 4 in the morning?



   I miss you, Harry. It's been at least a full year since the last time I went to London for your graduation day. I was your date, like you were mine for my grad. You threw the grad cap away and kissed me right away, not caring that almost a thousand people were gathered there to see us. I whispered "wanker" in your ear and you retorted with "not anymore". That was the cheekiest thing you've ever said to me.



   You took me to the London Eye, the first time we ever went there together. We went to the London Bridge and you shouted out "I'm in love with Zayn Javadd Malik forever and ever!" Some tourists noticed you and flipped you off... that wasn't nice and to think about it now, I think they were Americans. I wanted to go to America with you, to be honest. Go to Las Vegas, get proper drunk and get married. Things that never would have happened here. We had three months to ourselves and you decided to go back to Cheshire and be with your family again. I followed you back, and you introduced me to your family. I liked them; they were so friendly and at ease with me. How I wish I never got to know them better...



   I returned to Bradford two weeks later, since my father wanted me to attend a fancy ball with his colleagues and wanted me as an accessory... sorry for the harsh word but we both know that is the truth. I never meant much to my parents until very recently...



   Dear Allah, this letter's making me so damn emotional... I'm acting like a girl but even these words I write aren't enough to express how much my heart is missing you. How much it yearns to be held by your strong arms, your tender kisses on my jawline when we make love... You did that tongue thing, flicking it against my cheekbone when you rained kisses on the side of my face when we both reach our high. I fucking miss everything about you! I wish you were here to sing to me to sleep, my last sight before the slumber taking over being your magnetising emerald eyes instead of dull, lifeless black walls in my room. Haha, lifeless, did I just say that? Like it fucking matters though...



   Remember the first day we met? I'll treasure is always, even after my death. I reckon it was the first week of your first year in the academy, and you were in advanced Vocals Coaching. You easily slid through the hall, really late and pissed off. I don't know how, but in black skinnys and red Ramones, you looked fucking hot. Being angry was a plus. You took a random seat in front of me, leaving me with a painful hard on for rest of the class. All I could think about was kissing your pink lips, rutting against your body as we lay on the bed, our fingers laced together. Why wasn't I sick of you yet? It was so easy for my thoughts to go back about you, lazily kissing you in the late summer sun, and having a tickle war or something. I fell in love, I knew that right away. Love at first sight, how more cliché can I get? I fell hard and quick and I began to question myself. Was I turning gay by the infamous Harry Styles, the resident flirt and - ah - quite the charmer. I did hear the others say how you were busy chasing after a teacher, at the age of 14, I guess. I strongly believed you were straight, as much as I used to be anyways. That same day, you switched into my drama class because your schedule was changed and my heart did that silly flipflop thing when the teacher coupled us up for a little skit. Our theme was bittersweet love/hate relationship and I absolutely wasn't faking it when I said my line. How I wish that were true... I did the improv thing and stage-kissed you, you know, cupping your cheeks and kissing the space between my thumbs... It felt so real and made me wonder how it'd be like to kiss your lips for real. I yearned to press my lips to your plump, pink ones, and cup your face as we kiss, our breaths mingling. My hand