deer caught in headlights, he’d find it adorable if he weren’t so tired and annoyed. “I’m so sorry!” He frets, “I’m trying to turn it off, it just won’t shut up.”

Zayn lets out an annoyed huff and grabs a stool from under a shelf, “I’ll try to it.” He grumbles, putting the stool underneath the alarm, “Hold it still so I won’t fall.” He instructs, as he climbs onto it. He hopes it won’t collapse under his weight.

It takes him a minute to get the alarms off, and he sighs with relief when his brain stops rattling inside his head. He gets off the stool and the guy looks at him, finally looking relieved. “I’m sorry it woke you, I was just trying to melt some chocolate for my cookies and –“

“Why are you making cookies at three in the fucking morning?” Zayn asks incredulously, he peers over at the cooling rack with about a dozen or so cookies spread over it.

“I wanted cookies, I couldn’t sleep.” He replies sheepishly.

Zayn sighs. “Aren’t you supposed to put chocolate chips in cookies? Not dip them in it.”

“I like them this way.” He shrugs, his cheeks a pretty shade of pink. “Oh, I’m Liam. If you were wondering. You can put a name the fucker who set the alarm off with their awful cooking.”

Zayn smiles guiltily, “Sorry about that. I’m not a morning person.”

Liam huffs out a little laugh, and grabs his saucepan with burnt chocolate stuck to it. He cleans it out and Zayn just stays put, watching him for a while. Liam was attractive, if he’s woken up at horrific hours he should get some kind of reward (watching cute people being domestic was rewarding.)

“Wait.” Zayn says quickly, just as Liam starts peeling open a new bar of chocolate, “If you put the chocolate in a bowl on top of a boiling saucepan, the chocolate won’t burn.”

Liam looks at him in confusion for a moment, “What do you mean?”

Zayn pries the chocolate bar out of Liam’s fingers, “I’ll break this into pieces, and you fill up the saucepan with water halfway, okay?”

Liam nods and does as he’s told, and Zayn breaks the chocolate into pieces and puts them into a bowl. Liam puts the pan on the hob and Zayn put the bowl over the pan. “There, this way the heat isn’t going directly to the chocolate, so it won’t burn.”

“Oh.” Liam says, “That’s smart.”

Zayn smiles; feeling just a little bit proud of himself, as he grabs a wooden spoon and mixes the quickly melting chocolate. “Bring the cookies here; you can dip them in now.”

Liam nods and smiles at him, picking up his tray of chocolate, “You can do the honour.” He says. Zayn laughs and takes a biscuit and dips in into the chocolate. He dips all of them and grins at the finished display of cookies.

“You never told me your name?” Liam asks, peering up at quickly, his eyes boring into Zayn’s.

“I’ll tell you in exchange for a cookie.” He says smugly.

Liam laughs and his eyes crinkle at the sides, Zayn thinks he looks adorable. “You can have as many as you want.”

“Thank you. I’m Zayn.” He says, admiring the Liam’s plump lips curl around the letters as he tests out his name.

“Zayn. That’s really cool.” Liam grins, “We should get back to our dorms though, you must be cold without pants on.”

Zayn looks down, completely mortified when he realises he’d spent at least twenty minutes with the guy wearing a stupid pair of Sesame Street boxers. It’s not like he didn’t realise that his knobbly knees were on display every time he glanced down, he was just too tired to register it (it seemed completely normal, he had every right to parade around without pants on.)

Liam laughs at him, and Zayn scowls; his cheeks burning red. “Shut up, you woke me up!” He whines, “I have an eight o’clock class tomorrow too, I really hate you.”

“Hey, at least you get cookies.” Liam counters, handing Zayn another one.

 Zayn groans, “Whatever, I still hate you.” He turns towards the kitchen entrance. His dorm room was right across, “I’m going back to bed.”

“Don’t you want to share my cookies while they’re still warm?” Liam pouts, tilting his head a little. He was far too cute for his own good.

Zayn sighs, “Can’t deny cookies. Come on, then.” He heads towards his room. He pushes his door open, and it’s dark in his room.

They