, he was very happy that his beautiful customer knew the lyric "do you like it?"

"It's very nice, I really like it" Louis spoke honestly, he wanted a tattoo which was just as nice.

"Thank you" Harry smiled, "what is the lyric you were thinking of?" Harry questioned. 

"Don't laugh?" Louis asked, when Harry nodded he continued "it's a Paramore lyric, it's "if it's true
you can see it with your eyes, even in the dark." Louis blushed and looked down at the floor, embarrassed that he'd picked such a corny lyric. 

"Brick by boring brick, great choice" Harry beamed, Louis was ecstatic that Harry thought it was a good idea. 

"I'll go draw it up" Harry smiled, walking back up the stairs leaving Louis standing by himself. Louis was really doing this, he was getting a tattoo. If he was being honest with himself, he knew that he wouldn't be getting it if it wasn't Harry doing it. 

After a few minutes of staring at the many designs around the room, Harry returned with a piece of paper, the design on it. 

Louis loved the design, it was everything he wanted and more, he was so happy with the design Harry had drawn.

"I love it! Thank you so much Harry it looks amazing!" Harry yelled enthusiastically. Louis was so excited he reached up an hugged Harry tightly. 

"Wow you really do like it, thank you" Harry giggled, surprised with the hug he had gotten from his customer. Louis removed himself from Harry, blushing and looking down at the ground, he couldn't believe he had got so carried away. 

"I'm sorry, I was just excited" Louis apologized shyly, causing Harry to cackle like crazy. 

"It's fine don't worry about it" Harry giggled, amused with Louis. "so let's pay for this then?" Harry asked. 

"Yeah sure how much will it be" Louis replied, walking with Harry towards the counter.

"$120, are you paying cash or credit?" Harry asked, being a good little employee. 

"Cash" Louis replied, he was jittery, this was actually happening. The money was exchanged and Harry led Louis back to the tattoo area and sat him down on a chair. 

"So you ready for this?" Harry asked, he was wondering if Louis was still keen and not planning on pulling out.

"Y-Yep, go for it" Louis stuttered, he was excited but also very nervous. 

"First we have to shave the area" Harry said, looking through the door until he found a packet of disposable shavers an shaving cream. Harry spread the cream around his ankle and began to shave the area. 

"Now I will clean it with rubbing alcohol" Harry continued the walk through, explaining each step to Louis. The cloth was cold on Louis' ankle and he could smell the alcohol and it was making him feel sick. Once the ankle seemed clean, Harry got up and retrieved bucket if warm soapy water and a cloth.

"This is so stencil will transfer better onto your ankle" Harry answered the question on Louis' lips. The cloth was warm on Louis' ankle, a change from the last step. 

"Okay now for the transfer onto your skin" Harry announced when he thought Louis' skin was ready. He placed a thin bit of paper around his ankle and held the warm cloth against it again. After a few minutes he pulled the cloth of and removed the paper. A blue design was left on Louis' ankle and if the real one was anything like he outline, it was going to look incredible.

"Okay, so you're ready for the tattoo." Harry said while he was getting up. "Rob?!" Harry called out, confusing the hell out of Louis.

"Is he ready?" a deep gruff voice returned from up the stairs. Louis didn't like where this was going.

"Yeah he's waiting" Harry returned equally as loud. 

"Who's rob?!" Louis asked frantically, he was practically shitting himself.

"He's the tattooist, he's the one who will be doing he tattoo." Harry answers as if it was he most simple thing in the world.

"What?! I thought you were doing it?" Louis yelled nervously, he only wanted to to this if Harry was the one to do it. 

"I'm just the artist Lou, I don't do the inking" Harry chuckled, he was liking nervous Louis, he was funny. Louis began to get second thoughts, he couldn't do this now.

"No way I'm out" Louis said defensively, he didn't want to look weak. 

"Come on Lou, you've already paid plus if you ask very nicely I will hold your hand the whole time" Harry replied as who Louis was assuming was Rob made his way into the room. Now