’re upset. We’re all upset for you. Everyone’s unhappy right now.”

Zayn feels a tear drip down his face. His mum wipes it away for him, “Come here,” she says and pulls him into a hug, “I’m sorry. You’re right. We should’ve been responsible and made the decision long ago. We shouldn’t have left it up to you. We just thought if we left it up to you when you were eighteen, but it’s just become a burden. I’m sorry. We’ll get the surgery to make you a boy...a proper boy.”

There’s a knock on the door before it opens and Yaser is standing there, “I just got in. Gina said she heard yelling.”

“Everything’s fine. Go back to your campaign,” Tricia says waving him off.


READ ME!!! JUST A LITTLE WARNING!!!


I know a lot people skip notes in fics (I know I do), but please read this. This chapter has derogatory language against intersex people. The person using this language will be using the outdate term "hermaphrodite." I wanted to warn everyone before you read this that this isn't an easy chapter to read. You may be uncomfortable with what is being said/done.

Zayn’s excited to sleep in on Saturday since he wasn’t allowed to play football. He missed the team, but getting sleep was better since he wasn’t sleeping well the last couple of weeks. He’s in the middle of a dream when he feels like he’s shaking. He’s brain still cloudy from sleep, but he opens an eye and sees a figure over him.

“Get your coat. We’re going to London,” the figure says.

Zayn has a minor panic thinking it’s Lance, but when he opens both his eyes and they focus it’s only his mum, “Everybody?”

“Just you and me. Come on get up,” his mum replies.

“Why?”

“Don’t ask questions. Get ready in ten minutes and I’ll buy you whatever you want from topman.”

“I need new shirts.”

“You don’t but whatever. Just get to the car in ten minutes! And don’t wake up your father or Niall!” Tricia says before leaving Zayn’s room closing the door quietly behind her.

Zayn drags himself out of bed. He turns on the light flooding his dark room with it and blinks because it’s harsh on his eyes. He moves over to the dresser picking out clothes and putting them on without really paying attention. He goes to the bathroom to relieve himself, then brush his hair before he goes downstairs.

He tries to walk quietly, but of course he steps right where the stair makes noise and it squeaks loudly, “damn it.”

“Quiet! Don’t wake anyone up!” his mum whispers at him.

“Sorry.”

He moves into the kitchen and sees Gina there. She seems to always be at their house, “Good morning, Zayn. I hear you and your mum are going to London!”

“Yeah, going to get some new clothes for the new year.”

“You look good in what you have on. Always have to say you have nice style for a boy.”

“Uh, thanks...um, I should get going.”

“Later, Zayn!” Gina calls after him as he makes his way out the back door to the car.

Zayn makes it to the car and sees him mum sitting in the driver’s seat waiting for him.

“I brought sandwiches for lunch. If the sun’s out we can go eat in the park,” Tricia says to her son.

“Cool.”

The drive is quiet as the world passes by. Tricia seems in a happy mood and Zayn wants to keep it that way. He moves his hand and takes his mums’ for a moment squeezing it then letting go.

“Where are we going today?” Zayn finally asks.

“Surprise,” his mums says with a wink.

Zayn doesn’t reply, but decides since the ride will be long he’ll sleep. He rests his head on the window and nods off.

By the time Zayn wakes up again they’re in London proper driving down the street. Zayn stretches and yawns to wake himself up.

“You’re awake,” Tricia comments.

“Mmm, yeah.”

“Nice nap then?”

“Yeah,” Zayn sighs, “Haven’t been sleeping much.”

“We’re almost to where we need to be,” Tricia says changing the subject, “Don’t forget anything in the car since we won’t be back to it til later.”

Zayn nods.

“How are you, sweetie?”

“Fine.” Zayn replies.

“You always say that. Are you sure?”

“Yeah...hey mum.”

“Yes, dear?”

“Did I only have hormones when I was thirteen?” Zayn asks.

“Yes.”

“So I haven’t had many hormones