. He was shaking as he approached the sunroom where Louis was sat and lead to the seat across from him.

“I’ve got a bit of a problem, Marcel,” Louis started off. “I only have one spot left and two great singers.” Marcel nodded taking a deep breath of air into his lungs.

“When you first stepped on stage I thought this poor kid is going to be shy, scared, and nervous. I was worried you would choke and then I was worried that if that happened that you’d be teased mercilessly for it. Clearly you’re not as shy as I thought you were and you’ve completely blown me away with your voice. You’re unique and different and I can’t wait to see what you bring to this show.”

It took Marcel a minute to realize that he was through but when it finally clicked in his head he ran over to Louis and threw his arms around the other man’s neck in an excited hug. “Thank you, thank you, thank you,” he chanted in his ear. Louis moved his arms around Marcel’s waist and pulled him in tight before he gave him a pat on the back and let Marcel go into the house.

Louis treated the three finalist to dinner that night and spoke about how excited he was for the season with them as they all laughed and got to know each other a bit better.

Marcel and Louis have a big meeting before the live shows start to decide how they’re going to navigate through the show. Louis explains the process of the show and gives him the tips he’d wished he’d known when his band was going through the competition. “I think you should keep choosing your songs every week. You know your skills better than I do and I’ll always give you my input during rehearsals if something’s not working.”

That’s how Marcel ended up making headlines a few weeks later when people were speculating what he was trying to say with his song choices. His first live performance had been a flirty song aimed towards Louis Tomlinson and people latched on to something between them. It didn’t help that the other guys in his category started to resent him. Louis would spend time with them individually after each show to talk about what was good about their performance, what could be worked on, and what to try in the future. He met with the other two first for about an hour each and then he’d meet up with Marcel. To be fair, they usually spoke business for the first hour they were together but then they’d spend the rest of the night talking about anything and everything.

Marcel didn’t know there was any bad blood until Charles was talking with the judges after one of his performances. It wasn’t his best and Simon was drilling into him pretty hard when he pushed back, “Maybe it would have been better if I got more help from Louis, but he’s been too busy hanging out with Marcel to work with us.”

Louis’ face changed instantly and Charles could tell that he spoke out of turn. Louis went to speak out but Simon beat him to it, “I really do hate when people blame their shortcomings on others. Excuses won’t get people to vote you into next week.”

Marcel had an emotional song to perform about letting someone see your vulnerabilities so he didn't have time to dwell on Charles' comments, he just went on stage and left his heart there. The magazines and gossip sites had it right because his choices were directed towards Louis Tomlinson, but it was bittersweet because in all the time that he’d spent with Louis the judge never showed any indication that he reciprocated those feelings and thoughts.

He stood in front of Louis in the practice room and rehearsed the song he’d chosen, an acoustic slowed down version of Ariana Grande’s “Into You.” It was just Marcel, his guitar, and Louis in the room and silence fell over them after the last chord had been strummed.

Louis was staring at him and Marcel couldn’t hold eye contact with the other man, if felt like too much so his eyes trailed to the ground, but then Louis had gotten out of his chair and walked over lifting Marcel’s head so that he was staring straight into the judge’s eyes.

Marcel felt his chest tighten in that moment and realized that he was falling in love with the blue eyes before him. Louis stroked his cheek before his hand embraced the back of Marcel’s neck and he pulled him into a kiss.

Rehearsals were forgotten as they kept kissing, hungry to be together, and longing to be even closer. Hands started roaming as their tongues explored. That is, until there was a knock on the door as Charles arrived for his meeting with Louis. The two broke apart and rushed to flatten out their hair. Marcel straightened out his tie and tucked in his shirt as he walked towards the door.

“Will you stop by the house later?” he asked. Louis nodded as Marcel opened the door to let