get used to the feeling just a bit.

"Can I now?" Zayn asks but Harry dismisses it, telling him he's not ready yet.

Harry swivels his hips in a figure eight, wanting to at least tease his prostrate so that he'll have the ambition to take two at once without having the need to back out of it. Zayn's hands in his hips keep him comforted and steady. Even the way Zayn looks at him, Harry feels safe and is certain that none of this can go wrong because he's got Zayn.

"What would you like to be called today?" Zayn asks with his hands soothing Harry's sides. He reaches up and caressed Harry's cheek too, bringing him down so that they share a light, chaste kiss. Zayn always gives Harry the opportunity to have different names. It's nothing dramatic like a whole new first name. Its for being aware for whether Harry prefers to be called Harry or a pet name throughout their interaction. Harry's been given names such as princess, baby, pet, doll, and even Harriet. All depends what he wants to hear from Zayn's mouth ─ it's Harry's choice.

"Princess," Harry coos, grinding languidly so that his walls actually feel Zayn. When they talk and confirm, it's not about the stimulation because they'd both rather sort things out before they fuck each other reckless. But, they both agreed once that making proposals before sex is weird too, it's why they have a moment to themselves like this before any real arousal.

"Safe word?"

Harry thinks for a second. He wants something quick, especially if he's about to get really stretched. Last time he chose the word elephant because he just loves them as animals, but couldn't say it when he was getting fucked against the counter rough, the drawer knob digging into his stomach with a patch of his own skin tearing. "Kiwi," Harry settles with.

Zayn nods and props his heels against the mattress, thrusting forward into Harry. It was unexpected for him so he ends up surging forward, face falling onto Zayn's chest. Harry remains in this position, with Zayn fucking up into him while his cock gets a little friction from being in between both their stomachs.

"Gonna add fingers first." Zayn breaths into Harry's ear as he feels the movements decreasing. Aside from Zayn's slower thrusts, he feels a finger prodding in, slotting against Zayn's cock smoothly. Harry whines out in pleasure rather than pain because, fuck, it feels amazing to him already. He feels more full, and the idea of being opened just does something to him ─ it makes him feel crazy.

Zayn asks Harry to ride him while he works another finger into Harry. He obliges, feeling Zayn relax his legs so that Harry no longer feels his thighs behind his back. He feels two fingers instead along with Zayn's cock, both massaging at his walls, tugging at his rim. Harry does nothing but releases a heavy, "Oh," almost like he just found out the punch line of a terrible joke.

The thrusts are shallow but Harry is already feeling euphoria from Zayn's fingers, he's rocking against both of them while Zayn tells him how good he's doing. Zayn's praise and support is enough to make Harry want to bounce a little higher and sink back down on Zayn, so he does so. Just seconds after his hasty riding, he manages to feel Zayn's crown prodding against his spot. It makes him whine, fucking up and down just to get the feeling of his prostate being rammed at relentlessly.

"Calm down, princess." Zayn coos, sitting up a little and removing his hands, "Well try now before you come. Okay?"

Harry doesn't respond, slightly upset that he's finally gotten even more comfortable but Zayn's making him stop. Zayn pinches at Harry's hip, "I trust you. I trust that you'll tell me if something's wrong. Can I hear you confirm that?"

"You can trust me, daddy." Harry reaches from behind him where they've set the toy dripping with lube. He grabs Zayn's hand that's on his hip and makes him hold onto it while Harry lathers a little more lube around his own rim. He nods, waiting for Zayn to initiate the second cock that'll go in Harry's tight little entrance for the night.

Zayn pulls out nearly half way and nestles the toy above his cock. Harry feels the way the tip of the phallic silicone is slowly opening up his walls even more, making him clench his eyes shut. Zayn's asking him to move moderately so he can get use to feeling of two lengths at once. "Can you do it?" Zayn asks with his free hand working up and down Harry's back soothingly.

Harry bites his lip nodding while Zayn only thrusts the tip of his toy consistently, matching with every bounce