for me anymore cos by the time you checked this, i'll be long gone. i loved you, my cupcake. i'm sorry i wasn't good enough. x


Harry's POV and Zayn's Funeral


   A/N Harry's POV for Just Do It and the funeral.


   "For the last fucking time, Gem, I didn't do anything with him. Will you leave me the hell alone?"

   Aggravated by Gemma's incessant questions about what happened between me and Zayn, I lash out at her, my brows furrowed together from our last half-hour of yelling and screaming at each other.

  "You know how I feel about the gays, Harry," Gemma, her normally pacifying hazel green eyes frigid from our ongoing argument. "And especially Robin."

  "Oh wow, you had to pull out the new stepfather card, that's a low blow from you, Gem. I honesly haven't a care what you think of my fling with Zayn. It was just one shag." Letting the finality set into my tone, I slam my door in her face, quite literally, and lock it, collapsing against a wall as tears stream down my face.

  I refuse to let her know what really happened between us. God, she doesn't even understand what we went through before we shagged.

  It wasn't even a proper shag; I fucked him and that's pretty much it. No emotions, no feelings, no attachment.

  I saw his beauty through his insecurities and his reputation of being a moody piece of sod like everyone else said. He had Arts together (which I dropped out of since there's zero potential of me doing artsy stuff). Call it clichéd, but it was a love at first sight.

  That was last August, whole six months ago before I noticed a few things.

  Like how he'd shy away from me hugging him too long or toughing his forearms and wrists.

  Dark bags under his eyes that were more than prominent in periods of roughly three to four weeks.

  Long-sleeved shirts and jackets perfectly covering the entire view of his arms and, sometimes, his hands.

  I put two and two together and pieced together a theory; he's self-harmed before. Being in involved with a cutter... didn't attract me in the least. But my heart, the stupid thing I always try to ignore, whispered that I stay with Zayn and help him come over his personal issues.

  We snogged in an empty classroom after hour last period of school (sixth form was always a pain in the arse and I wonder why Zayn chose to stay instead of going off to college) one late October night and things got heavy. His usual hesitancy was long gone in the dimly-lit classroom and he allowed me to strip his button-down flannel, along with the tank top he was wearing underneath. I pressed him against the wall as I trailed sucking kisses down his neck, noticing how scrawny he was compared to girls I'd previously been with. Carefully, I traced my hands down his arms, forcing myself not to flinch when I felt the ragged skin on my fingertips. He went rigid when my hand lowered down to his hand to interlock our fingers, raising them above our heads as I kissed a path back to his lips, or rather, around, as I muttered "you're beautiful" against his skin.

  Something snapped inside him then, because he untangled our fingers and wrapped his arms around my waist, flipping us around, slamming my back against the very wall he'd been pressed up to a moment ago.

  "Why, Harry?" He said before crashing his lips onto mine, not waiting for me to reply. For a skinny lad, he was lots stronger and I let him when he caressed my thighs and lifted me up, wrapping my legs around his lean waist. I let him take control as he grinded his hard on into my groin, arousing me further.

  We stayed like that, rubbing our bodies against each other, kissing, nipping and roaming our hands on every contours until we climaxed.

  But not all things come freely, cos life is a bitch and we die. There's so much shit to worry about - the social status.

  As the flamboyant boy with deathly charms guys and girl alike sought after, me having a relationship with the distant, geeky halfie (they said the term like it was an insult) who hides behind his arts and books wasn't the right thing to do. Rumours spread like wildfire of how much of a whore I was to fuck Zayn, which in my defence didn't happen until Christmas break, after my recent break up with Carolina. I'd no doubts that it was Carolina herself who started them just to take me back.

  It worked at the end.

  On January 12th, on Zayn's 18th birthday, instead of flowers and a birthday date, I broke his heart once and for all.

  He didn't say anything about it when I drove to his house and told him