slick and swollen, wrapping around the tip and sinking lower, until those lips are stretched obscenely around the thick of him -

Liam moans loudly, knees spreading farther, toes digging into the mattress and he bites on his lip, sweat building on his forehead from the way his desperately tries to keep those sounds in.

“Malik!”

The banging on a door makes Liam jolt, his fingers slowing along his cock until he realizes Niall is at Zayn’s door and not his.

“I’m trying to watch my show and I can’t hear it over your freakin’ sex music!” He yells, banging on Zayn’s door again. Liam can hear Zayn laugh, feet shuffling around the room before the music goes quiet.

He hesitates, heart pounding loud in his chest before he continues, loosening his fingers and lazily pumping himself as he clumsily, and messily, slicks up the fingers of his other hand, one ear strained to make sure Niall decides not to come to his door next.

The pit of arousal in his lower belly clenches in anticipation before he slides his fingers past his balls, legs spreading and hips tilting up so he can slide a finger against his hole. He manages to muffle the moan sliding against his tongue this time, as he presses a finger past the ring, his other hand slowly working over his cock. He hates the angle, the frustration building in him as he fucks a finger into himself, desperate to finally come –

“Can’t wait ‘til we reach the top, from the mornin’ to the evenin’,” Zayn sings loudly, amusement in his voice because he is probably messing with Niall, and not Liam. But Liam flushes, gasping as he hears Zayn’s voice float into a high note, “Until the sun goes red –“

Liam pushes in another finger with the first, quickly work through the stretch until his legs quake where he lets them fall against the mattress, the muscles of his abdomens clenching as his back arches off the bed. He is close, hand blurring over his cock, building his orgasm and pushing him to the edge of his climax –

Liam pulls off abruptly, fingers digging into the comforter underneath him as he groans, gasps for air as his cock throbs where it smacks back against his stomach. His heart pounds in his ears, breathing labored before he pumps his fingers back into himself, neglecting his cock.

He wonders if he could come like this, he has never been able to before. It’s too frustrating doing it to himself, takes too long. He wonders if Zayn would want to see how long it took him to come from just his fingers, making him beg, words dirty and obscene against his skin, lips moving along the inside of his thighs as he stretches Liam open.

He would be gentle at first, he thinks, careful like he always is with Liam, like he is afraid Liam may break if he is too rough with him. Gentle touches whenever the other boys pinch or punch him too hard, even if they are just being playful.

But Liam would want him to be rough, nails biting into his wrists where he pins them above Liam’s head, pounding into him with rough, deep strokes –

Liam breathes heavily through his nose, lips pressed together tightly as he presses in a third, curling his hips more so he can press his fingers into that bundle of nerves. It’s difficult, and the strain is painful, but it’s worth it as pleasure explodes along his spine when he finally nudges his fingers against it.

“Shut up, Zayn!” Niall says again, banging back on the door. “I swear te’ god, if I have to keep listening to your singing I’ll delete your recordings of Arrow!”

“Get some headphones,” Zayn shoots back like he could care less that his singing is bothering Niall, and unaffected by his threat.   

Liam wraps a hand around himself again, giving up on trying to drag this out. He can’t, with thinking about how Zayn would look with staggering hips, those shame shattered breaths Liam heard this morning right before he came.

“Would you shut it if I told you Liam is trying to sleep?” Niall yells back, irritated sounding.

It goes quiet for a moment and Liam tenses, afraid that they may hear the slick sounds filling the room, the slight squeak to the bed, but he can’t stop, fucking back onto his fingers, hand tightening it’s grip as he pumps himself faster –

“Liam’s here?”

A strangle sound vibrates against Liam’s tightened lips, hole clenching around the fingers buried inside of him, come spurting across the others, streaking up his abdomen. His legs jerk, the bed sliding noisily into the wall behind him.

He pulls his fingers away, grabbing them into the blanket as he arches off the bed, his other milking out the rest of his orgasm.

His legs quake as he huffs out a heavy breath, chest rising and falling rapidly as he tries to fill his lungs with air. Pleasure sizzles through him, a calm following