?” Niall chuckles a little. “Never would of pegged you for something like that, but I’m glad. It’s about time you got out there. You’ve never really had anyone and Reagan seems like someone that has your wellbeing in mind. You need to find someone, Harry. I worry about you sometimes.” He pats Harry’s leg and Harry’s speechless.

He has no idea what to even say to that expect that was exactly the opposite he was hoping Niall would say. He didn’t exactly know what he would say, but it wasn’t that. Maybe something along the lines of he missed him, missed them, and he couldn’t just stand by why someone else might have a chance with him. Fight for him or something.

No, he was giving Harry his blessing. This was probably one of the worst ideas he’d ever had, and what was worse was that he can’t back out now, he had already agreed to it with Reagan and if he canceled, she’d kill him and hide the body in some country no one would even bother looking in.

Once again he was completely and thoroughly fucked and Niall left him with that thought as he wondered into the bathroom to take a shower.



+

This wasn’t going the way Harry wanted it to go. Niall was happy, not only because he somehow discovered the he could get Zayn anytime he wanted, but he was also bloody happy because Harry was going on a date. He even tried to dictate what Harry was going to say; stating he didn’t want to be too ‘boring’ from the start or the date would go down the toilet from the very beginning.

On top of this frustration, Reagan seem to enjoy keeping everything about the date a secret until the last minute, promising that it was well worth the wait. Harry wasn’t so sure, but he trusted Reagan enough to have his best interest at heart, or at least he hoped.

Harry isn’t his self though. He’s kind of lost interest in most everything. He tries not to think about Niall too much, but what can a guy do when Niall was basically his everything and now he’s just nothing. He’s gone from spending almost every waking moment with Harry outside of classes and girls, to spending it mostly with Zayn. All Harry can think is that maybe he just wasn’t good enough.

“That’s not true.” Reagan says after she’s heard it for the tenth time that day. She came over to make sure Harry was actually taking this date seriously. “You’re so worth it, but maybe you weren’t the right kind of forever, and that’s all right, because that means he wasn’t yours either. You’re gonna love this date.”

Harry looks at her less than enthused. He doesn’t say anything, doesn’t think he has to.

When the time finally comes, the there is a knock on the door fifteen minutes before the scheduled meeting and Reagan is still fighting Harry’s hair in place, a fight in which she is losing horribly. Frustrated, Reagan gives up. “Go answer the bloody door, your prince charming awaits.”

He’s not so sure it’s his prince charming, his idea of prince charming would be Niall at the door with some pizza and an apology for acting like a dick. He drags his feet as he walks to the door, opening it to reveal a mousse colored shag and chocolate brown eyes to none other than that hot guy in his chemistry class.

A faint smile creeps onto Harry’s lips as the boy before it dressed in a nice button down and jeans, a pair of red converses on his feet. He’s smiling one of his smiles and Harry feels something in his chest stir. Before Harry can say a word, however, Reagan is bouncing in the rood with a beaming smile.

“Li! You’re early. Harry, this is Liam Payne, Liam this is Harry Styles…” Harry interrupts her before she starts in a spill of introductions.

“We all have chemistry class together Rea, I know who he is.” Harry glances back at Liam, whose cheeks are tinted pink.

“Well excuse me then.” She sticks her tongue out and continues as if Harry just hadn’t deflated her plans. “Now, I expect you to bring him home in one piece and mind where you’re touching. Don’t-“ Harry pushes Liam out of the door room them.

“Let’s go before she starts listing the dos and don’ts of dating etiquettes, we’ll be here all night if she ever gets started. Night Reagan!” Liam laughs and they make their way down the steps.

They end up in a nice restaurant not too far away from the academy. Harry can tell Liam’s nice and that’s he’s really trying, but Harry can’t seem to force himself to smile. He’s always