edge, afraid Liam will bring up the transitioning again.  He hasn’t, thankfully.

“Oh, I –“

She gives him a warm smile. “Can I tell you a story, Zayn?”

Zayn nods jerkily.

“I used to be afraid of the dark,” she starts, voice shaking slightly. She closes her eyes for a moment as if to remember, smiling softly. “And of the woods outside of my home, the way the trees scratched at the window whenever the wind blew too hard. My grandmother used to come in to comfort me. She used to tell me about how there was this group of protectors who looked out for us.”

Zayn gulps down the tea, watching the glint in her eye when she looks at him. “Vampires. Sounds scary, unbelievable too, but when I was younger there was a clan here and they were protectors. Different from what the myths you have heard about them, I’m sure.”

“Doesn’t sound too scary,” he says quietly, not looking at her. He doesn’t act like he doesn’t believe vampires are real, because he is pretty sure that even people who don’t know vampires exist would go along with the old woman just the same. “When you call them protectors.”

She reaches out, laying the back of her hand flat against the table and he takes the hint, placing his own on top. Her fingers are warm, and her bones feel so fragile under his. Even more fragile than Liam, who Zayn thinks is the most breakable thing he has ever touched.

“I met one of them when I was younger. A man from Ireland, very kind. Funny, quite the charmer, but you could tell he was something different than human. I didn’t understand why he was there, but my parents had been upset, and scared and it made me scared. But when he showed up I felt protected, and he took us to a place where no one could harm us. I use to feel that same comfort, that protection, whenever you sat at the café, my dear.”

Zayn stiffens. “I’m sorry, I don’t understand.”

He is panicking slightly, and he probably shouldn’t tighten his grip on her hand because she is so fragile but she only squeezes back, unaffected.

“I know every photo in that room back there. It took me awhile, but I remembered why I felt comforted by you. My grandmother never stopped talking about you, her protector. Her big brother. The reason we had those protectors. She used to tell me they were there until you came back.”

Zayn bites hard on his lip. He can’t deny it now, and he doesn’t want to. He wants her to feel comforted by him. The only memories he has been able to retrieve as of lately have been about how he hasn’t been able to comfort his sister.

“I didn’t remember her at all, until recently. And I always felt a need to be at the café, close to you. I didn’t know we were related until I came here that day with Liam.”

She nods, sliding her fingers away from him to sip at her tea. “Well, I am glad you did. I can tell you about her, if you’d like? I don’t think I could ever forget her. She was a wonderful woman.”

Zayn smiles. “Yes, please.”

 

It is dark by the time Zayn leaves Mrs. Ramir. He calls Liam to make sure he is okay before he drags himself through the forest behind her home. He closes his eyes, remembering Waliyha’s giggle as they chased after each other, the way his father used to yell for them to come back. But there was always a fondness and amusement in his voice, never stern. Almost as gentle as his mother -


He is young, fingers squeezing her slender fingers. Her voice is soft, and it is the only thing that Zayn has ever known that could compare to the comfort he feels with Liam, with Mrs. Ramir. She is beautiful, a soft face and kind smile, his eyes and nose, lips the same shape as his own.



“This way, my child.” 



“Coming, Ammi.”



She smiles softly again, bending down to pick him up. He is too big for her to carry, but she manages without any strain in her aged face. He giggles when their noses nuzzle, before she is turning him around easily and lifting him closer to the apples that dangle off the tree. 



“One for Baba, one for you, one for me. Two for Wally –“



His mother laughs and it is a beautiful sound. “Of course, my boy. Two for Wally. How about you get one for James too? Him and his Papa will be stopping by later -”


Zayn reaches for an apple that dangles from the tree, just a bud and not even close to being ready for picking. He wonders if anyone comes out here to pick