borrowed from Harry.  The sweater was big on him, but it kept him warm enough, just like Harry always did when they slept together.  Sleeping with Harry was all Niall looked forward to, the closure he felt when they were wrapped in each other’s arms, their legs tucked into each other like pieces of a puzzle.  Watching Harry wake up in the morning was a treat, the way his curly hair reached unmentionable heights and his cranky attitude always made Niall laugh, and made him wish he could photograph every moment they spent in bed.  But now Niall’s not so sure Harry would ever want to look him in the eye, let alone sleep with him again.

“I can’t believe I fucked it all up,” Niall sniffles, rubbing his arms.  “Just strike me dead if he never comes back.”

Niall inhales deeply, taking in the cold air through his warm nose.  He closes his eyes for what only seems to be five minutes, and wakes up when his phone chimes loudly through his jeans.  He quickly pulls it out, hoping it’s Harry, but immediately freaks out when his phone tells him it is three in the morning, and ignores the message from a classmate asking to borrow a flash drive.  Niall cleans himself off, making a mad dash down the stairs and out of MacDiarmid Hall.  Several students still wander around campus, and a few of them continually yell out Niall’s name to get his attention, making him increasingly irritable.  Their voices weren’t the ones Niall wanted to hear; he wanted to hear Harry calling for him, telling him to come home.

The vodka Niall drank earlier is thankfully wearing off, and he manages to make it back to Decuyper House in one piece.  Niall searches his pockets when he reaches the front door and pulls out his access card, letting out a loud sigh when he enters the house.  The living room lights are still on and Zayn’s lying on the sofa, watching a late-night movie.  Niall walks backward to shut the door, and notices several dents on the usually smooth surface when he turns around.  He softly runs his fingers over the wooden welts, curious of how they got there.  He shakes the thought and quietly walks towards the staircase, making it halfway up when Zayn stops him.

“He’s not here,” Zayn says calmly.

Niall sighs and hangs his head back, then asks, “Who’s not here?”

Zayn shifts his feet, tightly gripping the railing.  “Harry.”

Niall immediately snaps his head up and looks directly at a frightened Zayn, waiting for his impending outburst.  It takes Niall a minute to take it all in when it finally hits him: “Harry left in a small car, didn’t he?  Was that why you were running back to the house?”

“He had a family emergency,” Zayn swallows hard, his eyes growing a little bigger.  “He had to leave.”

“But why!” Niall panics.  “Why would he do that, it’s not like him to do that!”

“He got a call from his mom during the party, he was pretty worried.”

“And you didn’t stop him!?  What the fuck were you thinking, Zayn!”  Niall’s starting to hyperventilate, refusing to believe any of this is real.  Harry wouldn’t just get up and leave, not without saying goodbye.

“Did you want me to tell him he can’t go home?” Zayn asks, looking away from Niall.  “Did you want me to tell his mother she can’t have her son when she needs him the most?”

“Fuck!  Fuck fuck fuck!” Niall shouts.

Niall runs up the stairs and down the hall, nearly breaking down the bedroom door when he opens it.  The linens of Harry’s bed were unmade, and all the plastic bins that were usually under his bed were upturned and empty.

“No,” he says breathlessly.  “Zayn’s lying, he’s fucking lying!”

Niall runs to their closet, finding the doors open and half the hangers inside bereft of Harry's clothing.  He runs back to the empty bins, searching over and under his mattress, and nearly breaks Harry’s work desk looking for any trace of him––anything that would tell Niall that Zayn was messing with him.

“No no no, Harry, please!” Niall says in a near sob.  “Please don’t leave, I need you!”

Niall shoves Harry’s work chair across the room and falls to the floor on his knees, trying to hold back his tears.  He slumps forward and his hands grip the soft gray carpet when he spots a torn piece of paper near his own desk.  He crawls over and reaches for it, immediately recognizing Harry’s handwriting.  Niall can’t make out half of the words, and he frantically looks around until he finds the other half of the note by his bed.  He links the pieces together, then reads the note out loud when he finally deciphers the letters: Think of me when you wear this