he flinches when their skin touches, not afraid of hiding it anymore. He can smell that same fucking perfume again and it makes him even more nauseous.

Liam’s hand drop instantly, a broken look crossing his features. “Can you please tell me what I did -”

“Has he had the ring all weekend?”

Liam looks even more frustrated, his own eyes watering because of it. “Yeah? I gave it to him before I left on Friday.”

Zayn shakes his head, pushing away from Liam as his hands wrap around his chest. He feels a bit frantic, words bubbling out before he makes the conscious decision to leave.

"I'm - I'm going to go for a walk."

Liam's fingers clasp around his wrist like a reflex before he lets them go a moment later, expression softening. "Yeah, okay."

 

He ends up pushing through the glass doors to Niall's bar and restaurant, knowing the way it feels almost as much as home as his house does will comfort him. And it is early enough for the bar section to be empty but Niall won't be too put off about making him a drink.

"Zaynie!" Niall greets the moment he walks in from where he wipes down the bar. "Liam said you were headed over."

Zayn shuffles over, hopping onto a stool in front of Niall. "Oh yeah?"

Niall grimaces, staring at him for a moment before he bends down and pulls a bottle onto the counter. "Look like shit, mate. Could use a drink, yeah?"

Zayn shrugs. He feels like shit, having cried out the last of his tears as he walked here. He knows it is obvious in how swollen his eyes feel, his lips raw from chewing at them. And in the shake of his fingers as he reaches for the glass Niall passes him.

"One of those Zayn things again?"

Zayn quirks up a questioning brow in Niall's direction, cringing as the strong taste of alcohol seers down his throat. It makes his head spin instantly, since it has been so long since he has had a drink. He prefers the lightheadedness of a high, thick smoke burning against his tongue instead of the burn down his throat.

Niall grins, leaning in front of him. "Y'know, when you get all weird and shit and start doubting how much Liam loves you."

Zayn swallows the rest of the liquid in his cup instead of responding. He clenches his eyes shut, shaking off the tension that results from the burn. Niall is just as bad as the Louis and Harry, or maybe worse since that is borderline offensive.

"Harry told me, ye think he is cheating or summat. And you're mental, dude, let me tell ya. The lad has been talkin' me ear off, worried off his ass about what he did wrong. If he was cheatin', I reckon he wouldn't be so confused."

Zayn passes him his glass as he lets out a long breath. Niall has a point - a good point that he can't deny how much sense it makes, but it only frustrates him more. Because everything makes sense, just not when he puts it all together.

"You're right," he sighs, dragging his shaky fingers through the mess that is his hair. "Can I get another -"

Niall sighs, reaching for the bottle again as his other hand twists nervous fingers through his hair. “If Harry can drive you home," he says, pouring into his glass. “And you talk to Liam before I tell 'im what's going on meself. Hate hearin’ him upset.”

Zayn nods, swallowing his guilt down. "I don't want to hurt his feelings -"

Niall passes him the glass again. "'Cause you know it's shit, mate. He'll clear your doubts and you'll feel better. Easy solution. Trust me on this one, lad. It's all in your head."

Zayn nods, throwing back the liquor. His mind feels fuzzy, not at all clear in the right way - but maybe a little liquid courage is what he needs to finally tell Liam what is wrong.

"You're right," he sighs, sliding Niall the glass.

"I know," Niall laughs, reaching over the counter to mess his hair. "I've known Payno a long time, mate. There's nothing he cares about more than you and the wee ones."

 

An hour later, Zayn walks into the house, the smell of burnt filling his nose instantly. There is a loud gasp from Maira from the kitchen before she says not so quietly, "Quick! Baba's here!"

He had planned on going to his room and hiding under the covers as a way to avoid everything until the kids were in bed and he could talk to Liam, but that brings his attention to the kitchen. He shuffles in, going still when he walks through the entrance.

Smoke pours off the stove and into the overhead fan where Bashar stands, a frown