arm at Anne's face and she grinned. The grin slowly fell to a face of shock and she glanced over at Trisha, who was clearly trying to hold back her giggles. 

"What?" Harry pouted, yanking his arm back, "Is it wrong?" He looked down at it himself, but he couldn't read some of the words. "What does it say?" 

Anne pursed her lips and tried to desperately conceal her laughter, "You're going to have a very.. special soulmate Haz, very special..." 


***


Harry was seven when he finally understood what his tattoo meant and needless to say, he wasn't impressed. Written in bloke lettering, taking up most of his forearm on his right arm was, Are those fucking flamingos on your shirt, mate?

 When Harry met his soulmate, they were going to get a stern talking too about language. 


***


Harry was twenty one when he found the over sized, slightly see-through flamingo shirt in a charity shop. Zayn looked at the shirt with a grimace on his face, hands intertwined with his soulmate and boyfriend of three years, Liam.

Harry had taken one look at the shirt and fallen in love. He bought it without a second thought, (three pounds, what a steal!) excitement building up in his chest because he knew that he was so close to meeting his soulmate and if he had to wear that flamingo shirt everyday for the rest of his life he would.


***


Harry shut the apartment door behind him, shaking his hair and the negative aura out. Who cares what Zayn thinks anyway? He wasn't the one who had the phrase, Are those fucking flamingos on your shirt, mate?, permanently tattooed onto his body so his opinion was irrelevant. It was a strange time growing up with that tattooed on him. There was a lot of explaining he had to do in school, but it's not like he could do more than just shrug his shoulders and say, "soulmate mark?" 

He had been angry for a while, wondering why he had gotten something so silly when there were other people out there who had gotten something disgustingly sweet, (like Zayn) or completely ordinary like Hello or Hi. He would have preferred Hello any day than Are those fucking flamingos on your shirt, mate?, but alas here he is, wearing a flamingo shirt. Beggars can't be choosers, or whatever they say, does that even fit in to this situation? Who cares, Harry just has to make do with what he has. 

He pushes open the door to his favorite coffee shop, Horan's Tea Today, and walks up to the counter where he can see a blond tuff of hair bent over the cash register. Blue eyes glance up and Harry squints at the blinding grin he retrieves, "Well Haz!" Niall waves, "Nice shirt."

Harry rolls his eyes, Niall says that every time he wears it and knows all about Harry's quest to meet his soulmate. Niall's yet another one of his friends that's already found their one true love and doesn't understand the all consuming need to find ones soulmate. "Leave me alone," Harry pouts. 

Niall pats his arm, not really looking that sorry, "Can I get you anything?" 

"The usual," Harry says and then adds, "also a muffin." Niall frowns, "Wow, you must really be feeling down. It's a Tuesday and you're planning on eating unrefined sugar."  

Niall calls the order out to Bressie, Niall's giant of a soulmate. No, seriously, Harry's nearly certain that you could fit three Niall's inside of Bressie and maybe a Zayn, he's that fucking huge. Niall shoos him off, telling him to go find a seat and he'll bring his order to him in a minute. 

Harry's turning around, contemplating about getting new friends who don't have soulmates when a voice cut through his thoughts.

"Nialler, Brez, hope you have me tea ready!" 

Harry's eyes lock onto the body of the voice and wow, Harry's was never into that whole 2008 emo thing but Jesus, he is now. The man's hair sweeps over his forehead in a fringe, the longest strand coming to rest at the top of his cheekbone, his eyes are strikingly blue, his features are sharp and he had scruff around his jaw and upper lip that Harry wants to feel in between his thighs, speaking of thighs Harry wants to be feel those thighs around his head, preferably when he's sucking this guys dick.  The blank tank top does wonders for the man's collarbones and tattoo there, if Harry wasn't so dedicated to finding his soulmate he would be on this man in a second. Fuck. 

"Excuse me Louis, but how are we supposed to know when you decide to show up?" Niall's voice cuts off the sonnet Harry was writing about the rips in the man'- Louis' jeans. 

"Details, Niall," Louis scoffs, "just get