to the back.

He finds Niall already sucking on his dummy, a movie on the TV, and his baby blanket wrapped around him.

Zayn’s face softens, “Hey baby.”

“Papa,” Niall says and holds his arms out for him.

Zayn comes over and moves Niall around so they’re both laying on the couch. Niall lets out a content sigh and goes back to watching the movie.

When it’s over Niall turns to look at Zayn, “Sleep with Papa?”

“You want to sleep with me tonight?” Zayn asks.

“Pwease?” Niall begs.

“If you promise not to kick me out of my bunk we can sleep together,” Zayn replies.

Niall smiles around his dummy and hugs Zayn.

They stay in the back lounge long enough that the others have gone to bed so it’s easy to get to the bunks without anyone seeing them.

Niall gets in first and turns on his side so Zayn has enough room to get in as well. Of course as soon as their comfortable Niall decides he needs to use the bathroom, so he climbs over Zayn and goes quickly coming back with a smile and George in his hand.

“All better?” Zayn asks.

Niall nods and climbs back into the bunk.

“No more getting up. It’s time to sleep,” Zayn tells him.

“Lwv you Papa,” Niall whispers.

“Love you too, baby,” Zayn replies kissing his forehead.

As the weeks go on and the tour continues they’ve had a handful of times to let Niall be little. It’s getting towards when they have a week off and everyone is counting down the days. They can all feel the fatigue and how much the break is needed.

Zayn sees it halfway through the show. Niall’s cracking and it won’t need well if he can’t get into his headspace soon. Zayn touches him throughout the concert to make sure Niall knows he’s there. It seems to help and soon Niall is following him around trying to get his attention.

Once off stage Zayn takes Niall by his wrist and pulls him to one of the rooms not being used.

Once the door is closed Zayn takes Niall into his arms, “Come on, baby.”

Niall holds him close and breathes in Zayn’s scent. It’s more sweat than his cologne, but it helps calm Niall.

“As soon as we’re on the bus, yeah?” Zayn whispers in his ear. He doesn’t have to use their codeword or anything because Niall knows what he’s asking.

“Papa,” Niall weakly says.

Zayn holds him tighter, “I’ve got you. Papa’s got you.”

They stay together a few minutes more before Zayn decides they need to get back to the rest of the boys and to get on the bus.

Zayn takes Niall’s hand leading him to the dressing room where everyone else would be.

“Where’d you two run off to?” Louis asks when they come in.

“Had to have a moment,” Zayn replies and doesn’t explain further. Niall stays quiet.

“Oh a moment,” Louis teases.

Zayn can feel Niall tease, “Just leave it yeah?”

Louis shakes his head, but doesn’t say anything more.

“Get changed quickly,” Zayn says to Niall and lets him go so he can get his clothes off.

Zayn and Niall get out of their stage outfits and soon are walking to the bus. The other boys are still hanging back in the dressing room getting one last round of foosball in, so it gives Niall and Zayn time to get onto the bus without anyone talking to them.

Moving to his bunk, Zayn, gets the dummy that’s been under his pillow for days and puts it in Niall’s mouth before they go into the back lounge.

Once in the room Zayn has Niall sit on the couch as he goes to the hiding place where they keep Niall’s baby stuff. He pulls out the blanket and a bottle. He hands the blanket to Niall, who takes it and presses it to his face as he lays down.

“I’ll back in a minute,” Zayn says to him before walking out of the lounge and to the mini fridge in the front.

He’s almost in the clear when the door to the bus opens and Liam comes in.

“Hey we’re thinking of having a FIFA tourney tonight if you,” Liam says breaking off his sentence, “Is that a baby bottle?”

Zayn looks down at the plastic bottle in hand. He can’t hide it, “Y-yeah.”

“Oh um I...I can go,” Liam says.

“It’s fine. Just...I’ll be in the back lounge. Stay out for a while,” Zayn replies.

Liam nods, “I’ll keep the others out as well.”

“Thank you,” Zayn says and turns to go back to Niall.

When he gets back into the lounge, shutting the door behind him, Niall eyes the bottle and lets the