meet ya, Zayn. Ya alright?" he asks, "Seem a little shook up."

Zayn looks at him until he realizes that he was asked a question. "Oh, yeah. I'm fine. Just that I'm usually the only one here."

Cutie's face drops for a second, then goes back to smiling. Kind of.

"Did you, uh. Did you want me to go?" He asks, getting up from his seat.

"No, no. Stay!" Zayn says, taking a seat in the chair. "Didn't mean it like that. Are you new here?"

Niall tells him all about how he transferred to the school, went looking for a spot in the library because he needed somewhere to read his bok—How to Kill a Mockingbird or something—when he found the spot and Zayn found him.

There was more, a lot more, Zayn knows, but he wasn't really paying attention to what Niall was saying, really. He picked up bits and pieces, focused more on listening to Niall's accent, (Irish, by the sound of it), the way Niall's lips fell over his braces when he talked, the way his eyes were the color of the Caribbean sea in the June picture of Zayn's calendar in his room.

Niall's asks Zayn what he's doing, being at the library so early in the morning.

"Got a report to write, man. Any item of classic literature, but the only things I read are, like, Marvel Comics and stuff. Not that I don't read, just haven't got time for anything. Plus the stupid snow is keeping me from going anywhere."

Zayn gets to hear Niall's laugh then. It's loud, almost like a cackle, but Zayn likes it.

"You're sick of the snow?" Niall asks, still laughing. "There's barely an inch on the ground, mate. You're like Scout and Jem, except you're upset about the snow!"

Zayn looks at him, confused.

Niall takes a hint and stops laughing.

"Scout and Jem...To Kill a Mockingbird?" Niall looks down at his book. "I actually like you, Zayn. Now I'm reconsidering. This book is probably the best book you will ever read. Ever. It's my favourite, the book that got me to start reading classics. You should read it sometime."

Zayn goes blank after I actually like you. Niall liked him? Zayn was pretty sure he liked Niall too.

Niall looks at his watch, mumbles shit before gathering his things.

"Hey, I've got class in a few, don't wanna be late again! I'll see ya around." Niall waves to Zayn and rushes off. "Oh, wait!" He comes back. "Read this book, we can talk about it next time we meet!" Niall presses the book into Zayn's hands before rushing off again.

Next time, Zayn thinks. There's gonna be a next time. He's gonna read the book, Zayn promises himself. Especially if there was gonna be a next time.

Zayn reads the first few chapters, heads home after a bit because he's hungry and left his wallet on the counter. He doesn't want fried egg again, so he makes a shrimp pot noodle instead (not as good as regular shrimp noodles, but he's not complaining).

Zayn gets up late in hopes of catching Niall at the library again.

Niall's not there, but Zayn stays anyway. He's a little disappointed, yeah, but he's got time to read the book. Plus, he doesn’t want to go back into the cold again. Stupid winter.

Zayn goes around 9:30 the day after, finds Niall seated seated on the couch, feet propped up and book in hand.

He looks up and sees Zayn, smiles a big goofy smile that Zayn would love to cover with his own lips.

"Zayn! Did you get a chance to read the book?"

Zayn read the whole thing, even stayed up late to write his paper on an analysis of Scout and Dill’s friendship.

"Hey. Niall. You wanna go to the café, grab something to eat?" Zayn asks.

"Yeah, God bless. Didn't get to have breakfast this morning."

Zayn smiles, walks with Niall two doors down to the café. This time, he's got his wallet so he pays for their food.

Niall tells Zayn about life in Ireland, about his favourite food and his favourite book, how he was excited to watch the Derby game over the weekend.

"I've got my money on Rams, obviously, they're legend!"

Zayn smiled, agreeing with Niall, ninety six percent sure that he was talking about derby. Zayn wasn't so sure what derby was exactly, but thought it had something to do with horses. It didn't