lunch incident, of course, but he hadn’t been too keen on confessing about either his original plan to give the potion to Harry or the way in which it had spectacularly blown up in his face. As a result, he’d sequestered himself in the common room, assuming that they would take the hint and wait to talk to him until he had come back out. Zayn, however, is a bit of a surprise. Niall hadn’t thought that Zayn would speak to him ever again, much less so soon after the whole thing had happened.

Niall should have thought to wonder who the fourth boy was, but as it is, he ducks out from the common room entrance to be surprised by the sight of Harry standing alongside Zayn, Liam, and Louis. Why Harry didn't just open the door himself, Niall isn't sure—he supposes that maybe he just got caught up in the moment, as he looks a little enthused about all the drama. 

As soon as they catch sight of Niall, everyone begins talking at once. Louis shoots an annoyed look at Harry and Zayn, shouting them down to say, “We’re  his best friends,  we’re  talking to him first.”

Zayn crosses his arms. He’s faintly flushed, as Niall can mostly tell by the attractive brightness of his eyes. 

“Is that right, Niall?” Zayn demands, and hearing his name come out of Zayn’s mouth would nearly give Niall flashbacks to the disaster of this afternoon if it weren’t for the stark contrast in tone. Right now, Zayn sounds nothing but righteously furious. He couldn’t be farther from seeming besotted, and Niall feels affirmed that George was being a complete liar earlier. “Are you going to talk to them before you talk to me?”

Niall feels a surge of fresh guilt. It’s Zayn’s birthday, and because of Niall, he’s spent it being bewitched and humiliated.

“I– I need to talk to Zayn,” Niall says. “Alone.”

Louis huffs about it and looks like he’s considering arguing some more, but Liam steers him away, shooting one last concerned look at Niall over his shoulder before they disappear down the hallway. To Niall’s surprise, Zayn asks Harry to leave, too, and the latter does, albeit with visible hesitation.

“D’you want to come in?” Niall asks awkwardly after a few agonizingly silent seconds.

“No,” Zayn snaps, his arms still crossed. “I’m good out here, thanks.”

“I’m  sorry,” Niall says. He doesn’t bother lowering his voice, knowing that most of the Hufflepuffs are in for the night and won’t be passing by them as they talk. “I’m so sorry, okay? You’ve no idea. I feel like such an idiot. I didn’t mean–”

“Yeah, I know you didn’t mean it for me,” Zayn interrupts. He’s frowning, the unhappy expression marring his otherwise flawless face. “It’s obvious you were trying to get Harry.”

Niall knows by some awful instinct that he’s blushing now. He hates how he looks when he blushes, can’t believe that on top of everything else, he’s subjecting Zayn to his skin looking all blotchy. He only lasts a second before he raises his hands to cover his face.

“It was all just stupid,” he says, his voice slightly muffled by his palms. “It was just a stupid thing that I got you caught up in. I’m so sorry, Zayn. I can’t believe I made you do those things. I know you’d never do them in real life.”

There’s a strangely long pause, but by the time curiosity makes Niall glance up, Zayn is saying, “No, I wouldn’t.”

“I know,” Niall reassures him again. “And I’ll make sure everyone else knows, too. I’m going to explain to everyone what happened, I’m going to make sure they all know that it was a potion and it was my fault.”

Zayn sighs, finally letting his arms drop to his sides. “It doesn’t matter. The ones who hate me are going to run with it no matter what.”

Niall can’t help it; he gawks. As far as he knows, Zayn and Harry own this whole school. “Who  hates  you?”

Zayn shakes his head. “Just forget about it, Niall.”

“No,” Niall says immediately. “I’m going to make this up to you, Zayn. I swear. I’ll do anything.”

Zayn looks uncomfortable suddenly, and Niall supposes that he must be embarrassed on Niall’s behalf for his groveling. Well, Niall isn’t above getting pity points toward forgiveness.

But… what  can  he offer Zayn? What could Zayn possibly want that he doesn’t already have? It’s not like Niall can tutor him in things Zayn already