his clothes and feel Liam’s skin against his own.

“How will I be moaning?” Liam teases once Zayn’s clothes are pooled around his feet, voice rough as he curls his fingers around Zayn’s prick, which is heavy and curving towards his belly. He keeps his fingers loose as he moves up his length before sliding his thumb over the head, rolling across the precome that leaks steadily from the tip.

It is a weakness of his, a touch that always drives him crazy and Liam knows - the arse fucking knows that it will drag a rough moan from Zayn’s lips, one that sounds deafening in the quiet room.

“Like that?” Liam breathes, voice borderline cocky, fingers tightening around him as he moves back down his length, his thumb dragging against the vein on the underside. Zayn’s legs jerk wider out of habit as he flattens back against Liam, fingers gripping onto the microphone stand harsh enough that his knuckles go white.

“Shut up,” Zayn groans as Liam’s hand picks up speed, the slick sound sounding obscene when mixed in with Zayn’s harsh breaths.

“Sing, babe,” Liam groans, biting on his ear. He grinds off against Zayn’s bum as he moves his hand over Zayn in precise strokes, making sure to roll his thumb over the head and flick his wrist just the way Zayn likes every time.

“Can’t,” Zayn moans harshly, the tremble in his voice obvious. His mind is muddled, forgetting the words and only focusing on where Liam’s lips move against his skin, the way sparks shoot off from the arousal in his belly, Liam’s cloth covered prick against his bare bum.

He moans loudly, on purpose as his legs tremble. If Liam wants to tease, he can tease back, make Liam regret ever starting this. He is slightly embarrassed by how quickly this is going to be over, even though he knows Liam would never mention it - only work him up again for round two. It is just - Liam has this affect on him like nobody else, his fingers like flames against his skin, dragging Zayn over the edge from barely anything -

“Fuck Liam,” Zayn gasps, thrusting his hips forward and into Liam’s fist. He grips roughly onto Liam’s hip with one hand, head tilting onto Liam’s shoulder as he lets out a litany of loud, shattered sounding moans. He cups the side of Liam’s cheek, tilting his head to slide his lips against Liam’s in a messy, uncoordinated kiss that has too much teeth and breathy moans, and not nearly enough of their lips slotting against each other, but it is still terribly perfect.

He isn’t sure there is a way of kissing Liam that would be anything other than perfect.

“Fuck,” Liam groans roughly, pulling Zayn roughly against him so he can grind harder against his bum. “Might nut off in me jeans, babe. Just watchin’ you - ”

Zayn wants to laugh, but he can’t as the white pricks at his eyelids, letting go of Liam as his body hunches forward, the bundle of arousal in his belly finally drags him over the edge. The groan rumbles in his throat as he comes, eyes falling down to watch the way he coats Liam’s fingers as he twists his palm around the head.

“Gorgeous you are, angel.”

Liam slicks his fingers underneath Zayn’s shirt, making a mess of his skin as his other hand pushes on his jaw so their lips align once again. He kisses him roughly, teeth digging into his bottom lip as he pulls it into his mouth, a crink building in Zayn’s neck from the awkward angle.

He turns, arms snaking around Liam’s middle to kiss him proper, lips pushing Liam’s to part so his tongue can snake between and lick at his own, tasting the pop he had drank on their way here on his tongue. This is their problem, he feels addicted to Liam’s lips, the hard press of his body, and the way his palms constantly rub up his spine and he doesn’t want to change it, even if they will never get this song done.

“Your turn,” Zayn breathes harshly, moving his palms down Liam’s spine as he mouths the words against his lips. “Sit, angel.”

The space between Liam’s thick brows wrinkle as Zayn pulls back, lips slick and pouted and his hands planted firmly on Zayn’s back like he doesn’t want him to move. A grin tugs at Zayn’s lips as he nudges his head towards the stool, where he had moved it a few inches away from them.

“I don’t have any parts in this song,” Liam teases as Zayn drags the stool over to where it had been before, hands pressing to Liam’s hips to guide his bum to it.

“You’ve got the back vocals, remember?”

Liam groans quietly, cupping Zayn’s cheeks. He rubs at the blush on his skin before