window suddenly felt impossibly hot. He decided he needed to go for a walk, and he knew exactly where he wanted to go. He dressed quickly, pulling on jeans and a t shirt and checking his hair in the mirror, finding it unkempt but passable. He stopped before exiting, hesitating for a moment before reaching back to take the book of matches off the table, tucking them quickly into his back pocket. He didn’t know why, but he wanted them with him, a reminder that he wasn’t completely insane. Or that if he was, it had apparently escalated to full blown hallucinations of seemingly tangible objects. It was small comfort, but he welcomed it nonetheless. 

He wandered down the sunny streets, making sure to follow the path he had taken last night. It was a beautiful day, bringing out the brighter side of Paris. It felt so different from last night. sharply contrasting the wash of the silvery moon and the intimacy of smoky corners. It felt more open, and Zayn felt like he could breathe again, inhaling the scent of flowers and fresh air. He found himself a few minutes later on a familiar street, certain he was in the right place. It only took him a moment to locate the club, or at least where it had stood. In its place was a book store, and Zayn could see that the inside had been heavily remodeled. The sign outside was different as well, bearing a french name he couldn’t read in bold modern letters. But the facade was the same, the stone walls remaining unchanged from decades past. Zayn could almost see it as it stood last night, lit from within by dim bar lights, the sounds of music and voices carrying out the door and into the night. 

He entered the store, a bell ringing to signal his arrival as he opened the door. He glanced around the shop, taking in the wall to wall bookshelves and cozy looking chairs. He heard a throat clear across the shop, and turned to find a girl standing at the counter, looking at Zayn expectantly. “Can I help you?” she asked in a thick French accent. She looked young, maybe high school or university age, and her hair was piled thick on top of her head. “Uh, yeah,” Zayn said, crossing to the counter. “Do you know anything about what was here before? I mean, before a bookstore. There was a club here...” he asked uncertainly, sure he was sounding like a lunatic with a penchant for architectural history. She shook her head. “I don’t know anything about that, sorry.” Zayn assured her that it was fine and went to depart, but before he could leave she was speaking again. “Is there anything else I can get for you?” She asked, giving Zayn a wide smile, letting the double meaning in her words sink in. Zayn felt his cheeks reddening. “No,  thank you, have a nice day,” he mumbled awkwardly over his shoulder as he hastily exited the store.

Well, he thought to himself, that had been a rather useless exercise. He looked back awkwardly at the shop as he walked away, his face still flushed from the girl's advances. It wasn't that it hadn't happened before, he knew he was a good looking guy. But he had been playing hermit so long working on his book, he had become rather rubbish at social interaction, to be honest. And she definitely wasn't his type. He made his way back to his apartment through the crowded streets, watching children playing in the park and couples holding hands along the Seine. He was tired from his late night, wanting to forget about impossible things and mysterious matchbooks for a while. He flopped down on his bed as soon as he got back to his apartment, and was soon asleep despite the bright sunlight streaming through the windows. 

He woke up to the setting sun, filling his small apartment with a warm orange glow. He growled, still sleepy, and rolled onto his back, his mouth dry from hours of sleep. He reluctantly got up and filled a glass with water from the tap before remember that the water in Paris was shit for drinking. He grumpily poured it out and drank directly from the bottle in the fridge instead. He was more awake now, and it registered that he was pretty hungry, not having eaten since his scant breakfast that morning. With a lingering yawn, he turned his attention to his cupboards and began rooting through, gathering ingredients to make a simple dinner. He was no great cook, but he didn't let himself starve or anything, although from his mother's frantic phone calls you might think otherwise. He ended up with a pile of spaghetti which he ate on his bed, his attention directed towards a french reality show on the television. He only spoke enough French to catch about every third word, but it was the only channel he got reception for. He was able to gather that there was some sort of love triangle forming among the contestants, and one of the full