once he’s got a hand back around himself. “Possessive,” Liam breathes. He can’t keep up the slow pace anymore, every muscle in his body tensing back up he tries. Really, he does try but his stomach is curling and tensing with that familiar feeling and he’s not going to be able to keep it up for much longer.

“You like it,” Zayn teases.

“I like you.”

Liam means to be playful, but it’s desperate. He wonders if Zayn can hear the slick sound of his cock over his moans, if he will scold him for not waiting for permission to speed his movements up.

“Yeah? Like me enough to stretch yourself open for me?”

After a second of processing Zayn’s words, Liam nearly falls off of the bed as he rolls to the side to reach to the night stand, fumbling in the drawer to find the lube.

“Yeah,” he breathes when he falls back into his earlier position, kicking the briefs off the rest of the way. He slicks his shaking fingers, pulling his knees to his chest.

“Don’t touch your prick,” Zayn orders, his voice sliding from a playful tone to one of dominance.

“Zayn,” Liam whines. The lube is cool against his skin and he shivers as he presses against himself. “You’re mean.”

He presses his finger past the rim, his other hand digging into the sheets to prevent himself from wrapping it around his length. “Gonna beg for it?” Zayn asks, because he’s a fucking jerk. “If you’re going to keep calling me mean, I’ll show you mean.”

Liam considers challenging him and teasing him back, but he isn’t sure how much he can handle. Zayn’s never pushed him too far, never made him uncomfortable, because even though Zayn’s a jerk, he’s the loveliest jerk Liam knows.

“Add another,” Zayn breathes. It sounds as if the phone is close to his face now and no longer on speaker. Liam wonders if he’s got a hand around himself as well, if he has the same effect on Zayn as Zayn has on him.

Liam complies, adding a second digit. He hisses at the stretch as he twists and scissors his fingers. It’s been a long time since he’s been stretched open. “Can I – fuck, Zayn, can I please –“

“Yeah, go ahead. You can touch your cock now,” he responds quickly, knowing what Liam needs. Liam is grateful, aching in his palm and he lets out a sob of relief. “Grip tight, babe. Like it’s me wrapped around you.”

“Killing me, Zayn,” Liam gasps, doing as he says. He’s buzzing, trying to hold back the obscene sounds that are passing his lips but he can’t.

“It sounds like you enjoy it,” Zayn teases, almost smugly. But his resolve breaks after a sharp breath. “Fuck, you sound so good, love. I’m going to have to catch the next flight home.”

“Zayn, I’m gonna – “ Liam says desperately, hand moving fast over his cock. His hips are thrusting up, muscles in his abdomens tensing. If Zayn was here, he’d be pressing down on Liam’s hips to still him, trying to prevent the way his legs kick out right before he comes. He tries to stay focused on one scene, but his mind is jumping from picturing Zayn enveloping him with his lips, to the way Zayn looks right before he comes, when it’s his muscles that are flexing under Liam’s finger tips.  

“Don’t,” Zayn says thickly, and Liam’s hand flies away from his cock, hips still thrusting up as he grabs onto the blankets. His teeth bite hard into his lip, waiting for his body to come down from being on the edge of orgasm. It almost hurts how badly he needs to come, and his cock is swollen and leaking on his abdomen.

“Zayn, please,” Liam begs. Sweat is covering his skin, sliding down his neck as he tries to keep his hips still. He settles with grinding them back against the bed because the buzzing throughout his body is making it impossible to be still.

“Relax first, babe,” Zayn orders, but he sounds anything but relaxed. His voice is strained, like he’s holding in a moan himself. He wonders where Zayn is, if his own hand is curled around his cock yet, trying to relieve the pressure building from hearing Liam get himself off.

Liam tries to even his breath, to keep his hips from thrusting up, despite there being no friction. “Where are you, Zayn?” he asks. Distract yourself, he tells himself. Zayn will let him come if he behaves.

“Liam,” Zayn groans, ignoring question. “Tell me how badly you want to come.”

“Bad,” Liam answers quickly. “Might come without touching myself