how he felt about it, but for some reason his heart was screaming no at him. “It’s just too hard right now, and every time I see you it hurts and I just can’t do this Louis, I really just can’t.” He said, trying to stop the tears from coming to his eyes.

Harry hated this. He wished he never fell for him. He hated feelings, and relationships because they ruined friendships, and this is what he didn’t want, but he needed to get on with his life and move on from this. He had been dealing with it for so long now and the heartbreak and pain he endured was enough for him, and now that Louis knew, and he made it clear that they were going to be nothing more than friends, he knew now it was time to get on with it.

“But-you- I don’t want you to move on if that means you’re going to shut me out of your life completely.” He frowned, and sighed, “Besides, I don’t even know what I want to be honestly and you never even gave me a chance to tell you how I feel, you just assumed right away.” He said, and Harry looked at him with a questioning glance because what the hell did he just say?

“Well what the hell is that supposed to mean?” Harry asked, a little angrily because he was getting sick and tired of this and he already explained everything to him and how he wants to do this, but he was just making it even harder.

“Well, I don’t know how I feel, and I don’t really know if I’m ready for another relationship yet, and I don’t know if I could see us together, but I don’t want you to go away Harry.” He tried to explain, but Harry was looking at him with an annoyed look now. Louis felt like a truck just hit him in the heart.

“Stop playing these fucking mind games on me Louis! I understand, alright? No need to make a fucking maze for me to go through to figure it out. We’re never going to be together.” He said, and now Louis felt terrible because Harry sounded like he was getting ready to burst into tears. “So please, just let me have some space so I can move on. It’s not going to be easy, because honestly Louis, I really do like you, a lot, and I just need to get over this. So please just leave me alone.” Harry stated, his heart breaking even more as the tears were making his vision cloudy.

Louis stared at the boy as he backed up and ran back to his class, and he groaned in anger. That’s not how he wanted this to go. He cursed, and kicked the locker to his left, and Niall jumped hearing the loud noise. Louis noticed the boy standing there trembling a bit and sighed going over to him.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” Louis said, rubbing the boy’s shoulder, and Niall just nodded, and jerked away form Louis. He didn’t like Louis touching him, it made him feel unsafe. Louis groaned again though and Niall felt bad for him. Harry had basically just shut Louis out of his life and that’s exactly the opposite of what Louis wanted. “This fucking sucks Niall. What the hell did I do wrong!?” He scream whispered, and Niall could only shrug his shoulders.

“I-I don’t think it’s you Louis. It’s Harry. H-He just wants to move on and if not seeing you for a while helps him, then I think you should let him go, i-if you care about him.” Niall suggested, and Louis only nodded, because maybe Niall had a point, but Louis didn’t want that. He needed Harry because, well, because he didn’t know why! He just needed him!

“Niall, I need him. I can’t- I can’t just let him go!” He exclaimed, and Niall just nodded at him while Louis now rested his forehead on a locker.

“Well, i-is there, like, any chance that you have feelings for him?” Niall questioned carefully, and Louis looked at him like he was insane, but maybe, maybe he was right… Maybe Louis did like Harry a little bit. Now that he thinks about it, his heart did race when he saw him, and he did get all happy and bubbly when he was around. Also he hated that they were fighting and he definitely didn’t want Harry gone form his life, but he couldn’t tell Niall that. He couldn’t tell anyone that. He couldn’t be with Harry, it just would never happen.

“No, there isn’t.” He said surely, but inside he felt conflicted, and confused, because the thoughts