bit off center since Harry rang in New Year’s snogging Taylor Swift. “You were saying about my last name?”

“They’re not the same character,” Harry explains, as they wait for the film crew following them to get ready to shoot actual usable footage that doesn’t suggest Louis and Harry are maybe more than casual friends.

“Why do you know so much about Lou’s name anyway, Haz?” interrupts Zayn, before Harry can go on. “Like, what’s mine, then?”

Harry pauses. “Well, erm,” he says.

“And Liam’s,” Zayn adds. “And Niall’s. And.” He looks gleeful. “What about your own?”

Harry looks between Louis and Zayn carefully for a moment.

“He knows, Haz,” Louis says eventually. “He was drunkenly waxing poetic about Pezza’s eyebrows and I figured I should even the playing field.”

“No.” Zayn still sounds smug. “You were waxing poetic about Harry’s eyebrows--”

“The birds’ eyebrows,” Louis corrects under his breath.

“--and somehow that got to you telling me that you’re engaged, technically.”

Liam and Niall perk up visibly.

“Oh, good, we all know, then?” says Liam. “Awesome.”

Zayn pauses. “Wait, how do you know?”

Louis shoots Harry an apologetic look, tugging at the hat covering his ears.

“I moonlight as Tommo’s conscience,” says Liam. “And occasionally his moral compass.”

“My moral compass is perfectly intact, I’ll have you know,” Louis interrupts, pointing at his tattoo.

“That thing only points home, though, Tommo,” interjects Niall, but he’s smiling like he knows the answer.

“Right,” Louis says slowly. “Which is Haz, and Haz is always there to make sure I don’t fuck it up royally.”

There’s a pause.

Harry grins at Louis like he did that first time they met in the bathroom, or the first time one of them got down on one knee. (He might have let slip to Zayn that he proposed to Harry back before MSG, but that doesn’t mean he told him about the time Harry cornered him the second night in their first flat. Or the time Louis came home with a tattoo and a promise. Or the one in France everyone almost caught on to.)

“They’re the most adorable thing I’ve ever seen and I’m going to be sick,” says Zayn loudly. “Can we go, now?”

“Yeah, yeah, laugh it up all you want, Zayn, but as soon as we get to the hotel you’ll call Perrie and talk for at least two hours.”

Zayn sticks his tongue out at him.

“Anyway.” Louis turns back to Harry. “You were saying about my last name?”

Harry doesn’t correct him to say ‘our last name’, but Louis can see he wants to. “They’re not the same character,” he explains again. “Like, you write one with a downstroke and one with an upstroke--”

Louis interrupts him to waggles his eyebrows a few times. “You know what else you should stroke--” he tries to say, but he’s interrupted by Harry choking and Paul instructing them off the plane, cameras in tow.

Louis still thinks it’s unfair that his name looks the way it does in Japanese.

He doesn’t mind it quite so much when it’s attached to Harry, though.

--


December 2013, Cheshire: Kisses


--

“You know,” Harry says, watching as Louis strides across the grass with a look of utmost concentration on his face. “The fact that you insist on doing this every time we come home is starting to get a bit ridiculous.”

Louis doesn’t look up from where he’s been inspecting a group of trees. “It’s this one, yeah?” he says, patting one of the sadder looking ones. He’s got one of Harry’s jumpers on--one of the smaller ones from their Up All Night days, and Harry is both charmed by how attractively the fabric stretches across Louis’ collarbones and amused that he’s started to think of time in terms of concerts. Louis gives the tree another pat. “Definitely this one,” he decides. It doesn’t look like it can take Louis’ weight, let alone Harry’s as well. In fact, Harry’s not even sure it is a tree.

“I think that’s a bush, Lou,” he points out, trying not to laugh. “Which, not romantic at all.”

Louis gives the bush another considering stroke. “Hmm.” He purses his lips. “I dunno, it worked for Moses, didn’t it?”

Harry blinks at him.

“Like, burning bushes and all?” Louis’ definitely taking the piss. “Got him God, you know?”

Harry blinks again.

Louis lifts his head to look at him, cheeks flushed and