bum in the corner of his notes." Niall said raising his eyebrow at Harry. Harry blushed bright red and hid his face into Lou's neck. Liam could swear Harry was whispering naughty things into Lou's ear, all you had to do was look at Louis biting and licking his lips. Liam chuckled and looked at them. Oh how he wished for someone to call his own...



• • •


It's been a couple of weeks and Zayn has finally settled down into his new "home". Is not that he wants too, he needs to. School has been going, well um, the usual. His grades no higher than a C+, himself being alone most of the time, no friends really. He was categorized into the "hot loners". Personally he thought it was bull when the "popular" people would categorize other people into categories. People weren't items, they weren't things, they had feelings. Like himself.
He sighed as he walked into his art class, the only class he seemed to be passing with a A-. Today was a free day. They could draw anything they wanted really. Zayn grabbed his journal and asked the teacher for permission to go outside and draw. She let him go, as soon as he flashed her with a his breath taking smile. Zayn sat under a maple tree, taking in all the smells and sounds from around him. He took out his pencil and got to a blank sheet of paper. Minutes seemed like hours, every stroke of the pencil on the paper seemed like someone failing to light up a match. Everything seemed odd, he didn't know what he was drawing only that it had to be perfect. Fixing every little mistake he did, making the shadow perfectly in match with the non-existing sun in his picture. Everything had to be perfect. It had too.
Zayn heard a car horn go off and quickly pulled away from his drawing. He gasped and took a look at his newly created art work. He traced some lines over with his finger, being careful not to smear any lead over the perfectly drawn face. He traced the jawline of the face, lightly biting down on his lower lip. He had drawn Liam. From the only few time they'd glanced at each other, Zayn knew Liam's face completely. The way his eyelashes would make a dance on his cheek bones when Mr. Weirdo's biology class was really boring, to the way he seemed mesmerized by science. The way his eyes seemed to shine when he smiled, oh, if only he could put that much life into his drawing. And that was one of the many if's that ran through his mind every now and then. If only he could show to Liam. If only he wasn't a loner. If only...
Liam saw Zayn in the hallway as he went into his math class, which it happened to be across from Zayn's. Liam's gaze followed Zayn as he went into his class, why was he following Zayn again? Damn. He tried paying attention through his classes, but all he thought about was that olive-skinned boy that made his heart flutter every time they exchanged looks. And he was also the reason his biology grade was dropping. He didn't find mitosis and cell division interesting, instead he found himself drawing weird doodles that said 'Zayn' over and over again.



• • •


Zayn shuffled his feet up the stairs and into the biology classroom. He groaned as he sat down on his seat looking down at his hands. He didn't know what he would do if he had to face Liam. He would probably blush bright red - making him look like a total retard - and chew on the inside of his lip, - like when he's nervous - but then he's still look at Liam because he couldn't miss the option of drawing that boy again. But this time even better than before. With a lot more shadow and detai-
"Zayn and Liam."
The weird teacher said making Zayn burst from his bubble, or well, his mind. Zayn looked up at the teacher and then slowly turned his gaze over at Liam. On the other hand, Liam was trying to erase some hearts on his paper that had 'Zayn' written all over.
"Today, we will be doing a lab. I have given you each of you your partners, so please get into a lab table and get to work."
Liam glanced over at his partner and gulped slowly, what was he gonna do? Zayn was shocked, he knew how to hide his emotions but some how Liam knew how to get passed them. The boys slowly go up and walked to a lab bench slowly. They sat next to each other, sharing only one microscope. Their hands brushed past each others as they passed the materials back and forth. Zayn was actually glad he could touch Liam, not in the inappropriate way, but as a friend. Liam was thinking the exact same thing, maybe they could become friends.



• •