. Zayn can see he marks that litter his neck too, one underneath his jaw that he had left after Liam had curled his arms around him last night, but it is so pale Zayn is sure it will be gone by the end of the day.

“Coffee,” Liam tells him, indicating the mug on the nightstand before he curls an arm around Zayn’s lower back. He tugs him to his chest, pressing a quick kiss to his lips before he lets him go. “Your sister is here too.”

Zayn frowns as he grabs the mug. It is hot against his hands and he wants to run out into the living room, but he moves slowly, careful not to spill any. Waliyha and Safaa should both be in school, and Doniya lives quite far -

Zayn sees his mum first, standing in their living room with her arms wrapped around Harry's broad shoulders. Safaa is on the couch, legs tucked under her bum and her face resting against where the back of her hands lay on the arm of the couch. He can tell she is sick right away, because she is normally a spitball of energy, especially when seeing Zayn after awhile of being away from each other.

"I'm good dear, how are you?"

Harry shrugs, the smile on his face so big that his dimples pop out. He wants to ask him how it went with Niall last night, since he fell asleep with Liam before they got home. He takes the bright look in his eyes as a good sign. “Not bad. Better now that you’re here.”

Tricia chuckles fondly, patting his cheek.

“Leave my mother alone,” Zayn says playfully, padding over towards her. Harry wiggles his brows until Zayn shoves him away with a laugh and turns towards his mother. “Mummy.”

“Sunshine,” she greets back, smiling warmly and it makes his chest feel just as warm before she wraps her arms around his shoulders. “How are you? Alright?”

“Okay,” Zayn murmurs into her hair, hyper aware of the fact that Liam is standing a few feet away from them and he missed the moment he met his mother.

He isn’t sure why that is important, because they aren’t boyfriends.

“This place is quite a mess,” she says, clicking her teeth in disapproval as she looks around. She still smiles when she gives him an expectant look, like she wants him to give her an explanation for the state of a living room in apartment with five lads.

“S’actually cleaner than normal,” Harry laughs. “Liam over here is quite a clean freak.”

Tricia pulls away from Zayn, pointing to Liam. “Best teach my son something about cleaning then. Quite a messy one, he is.”

Zayn flushes, nibbling on his bottom lip, ignoring the way he feels Liam’s eyes on him. “What’re you doing here?”

Tricia sighs, glancing at her youngest on the couch. “Safaa is feeling poorly. And you know how she gets when she is sick. Wants to be with her big brother."

Zayn nods before padding over to her. He puts his cup down on the table before leaning over the couch. He folds a hand over her forehead, feeling how hot and damp with sweat her skin is before he brushes his fingers through her hair. “Hey Saf, you okay?”

Safaa shrugs her shoulders, rolling onto her back. Her face is bright red, her eyes missing that normal brightness they usually hold. “Bhaiya, can I spend the day with you? Don’t feel good.”

Zayn nods, pressing a kiss to her forehead before he pulls away. When he still lived at home, she would always find her way to his room when she wasn’t feeling good. Stitched to his side whenever she got sick.

“Is that okay, love? I can come pick her up in a few hours. I just have a few meetings to go to right outside of town -”

Zayn nods. “I have class, but I can skip -”

“You don’t have to,” Liam pipes up. Zayn looks at him, catching the way his face flames red and he slides fingers against the back of his neck. “You only have the one today, right? I can sit with her while you’re away.”

Tricia raises her brows, an amused look in her eyes as she presses her lips together like she is trying to keep away the smile that is threatening to take ahold of them. Zayn groans internally, knowing what his mum is thinking.

She is always on him about finding someone, about his dating life and whether or not he wants to be married. He doesn’t like to think about it, but Tricia is constantly talking about how she can’t wait to have grandbabies in the house.

Zayn nods, looking at Liam. “Yeah, alright. Thanks, mate.”

It feels weird saying it, but Liam nods in understanding. Well, Zayn hopes he understands and isn’t offended by the word.

“Anytime, mate