? Gosh, Zayn’s been pining after that kid for a whole year.” Zayn wrinkled his nose, tossing a napkin at Anthony.  He needed better friends. Like ASAP. 

	“Yep. Zaynie gets to kiss the Payno. He is ACE on the field Zayn. Hey! Maybe that will be incentive enough to get him to come to the games. What do you think Zaynster? Is sweaty Liam enough to get you to come support your team?” Zayn rolled his eyes, though the idea appealed to him. He smiled sweetly at his friends, a middle finger salute directed behind him as he exited the cafeteria.

-	Zayn remembers the first time he really noticed Liam. It was about a year ago. He was shoving books into his locker, trying to get out of there quickly. Of course, they got there before he could leave. Tom knocked the books out of his hands, his crew snickering when Zayn tried to pick them up. Harvey shoved him into the locker, knocking the breath out of him while David searched through his bag for whatever he wanted. Tom was standing back, arms crossed over his chest and eyes cold. Zayn didn’t even bother crying out for help. Even when the halls had people in them, they walked right by. Zack took his new glasses and tried them on. Harvey snickered before shoving his bony elbow into his ribs. He cried out weakly, wishing to be alone.

“You know, my mum was killed in the terrorist attack in America. It was your stupid country…religion….people….maybe even family that did it. I hate you Malik. You and everything you stand for. You are a sad excuse of a person. I swear to god….” He was cut off by a shout. All eyes turned to see a pale boy with long brown hair that hung in his face. He was glaring at Tom, hands clenched into fists. Zayn prayed this boy wouldn’t get involved. Tom hated interruptions. 

“What do you want boy?” Tom snarled. The boy crossed his arms, unaffected by his tone. Zayn was instantly impressed. No one stood up to Tom like that. As captain of the football team, he basically ruled the school. Harvey jabbed his rib again, making him squeak. 

“Let him go. Bullying is wrong Tom. Plus, if coach finds out you’ll be off the squad.” Zayn glanced at Tom, who was fuming, before turning his eyes to the boy. His brown eyes were cold, anger burning in them. His body was stiff and he was slowly raising himself onto his toes, like he was preparing for a fight. Zayn couldn’t let this guy get hurt because of him. 

The hall was silent, the tension building as Tom and the boy squared off. Harvey didn’t let up on Zayn. David dropped his bag though. Tom sighed and turned away, walking towards some lockers before slamming his fist into them and then leaving the building. Harvey, Zack, and David scurried after him, looking back at the guy with confusion in their eyes and on their faces. Zayn collapsed onto the ground, relief flooding him as he pressed his hand to his forehead. He heard someone clear their throat and he opened his eyes to see the boy smiling at him, glasses in his hand for Zayn to take. Grateful, Zayn took them and slipped them on.

“Thanks man…you didn’t need to do that.” The guy shrugged, hiking his bag up on his shoulder before giving a wave and walking away. Zayn had stared at the spot he disappeared for about ten minutes before he gathered his things and had scurried to his bike. Ever since then, Tom hadn’t bothered him. 

-	He had never learned the name of his savior, but he had begun to see more of him. He had been pulled into Louis’ group (making him untouchable to Zayn) and he became pretty popular, despite his apparent aversion to it. Zayn noticed he shied away from anything that brought too much attention to himself. He watched as the boy grew, both physically and socially. He watched as girls threw themselves at him. He watched as Louis and his mates slowly transformed him. 

Zayn never pined after anyone. Ever since he had been humiliated at twelve years old by his ‘girlfriend’. She only dated him to prove to her friends she could get anyone, even the dork who read comic books at lunch instead of chatting with the pretty girls that at first ogled him but then hated him. Mocked him even. His heart had been shattered. So he swore never to love again.

Apparently life had better ideas.

“Okay everyone lets break off into pairs. Romeo and Juliet. Malvolio and Benvolio. Nurse and Lady Capulet…..” Liam nervously glanced over to Zayn, who was furiously sketching something in his notebook, ignoring everything around him with earphones shoved in his ears. Liam swallowed as Niall and Harry snickered. Louis didn’t even look at him. 

	“Zayn….Zayn. Hey Zayn?” Liam tapped his shoulder, hoping he would look at him