It's dry, so Harry's not going to push further in, but just this bit of penetration is driving Louis to the brink. The heat and tightness is unbelievable, and Harry can’t wait until he can feel that around his dick.

"Oh, fuck, Harry," Louis says, panting the words into his mouth. "It's too- I can't…"

"Then come, babe," Harry encourages, lips trailing over Louis's jaw. Thrusting his hips up into Louis' roughly and wiggling his fingertip around inside him, he says, "I want to feel it."

And just a few moments later, Louis does, shuddering in Harry's arms as he makes a mess of Harry's boxers. Harry's eyes are half-lidded as he watches, and he nearly comes himself at the sight. Louis' gorgeous when he comes, his eyes glazed over with pleasure, a flush on his face, lips parted and shiny, and Harry's always does his best to see that as often as possible.

“Hmm,” Louis breathes, melting into Harry’s arms. “So good."

Harry smiles, petting Louis's hair and gently easing his finger out of him. He shifts around to try to relieve some of the pressure on his dick without disrupting Louis' afterglow. He's so hard he's surprised he hasn't popped the zipper. If he could just get his hand around his cock, just a couple strokes would get the job done.

He's about to do just that when Louis suddenly moves, dropping to the floor and kneeling in front of Harry. Louis scoots closer, pushing Harry's knees apart, and Harry nearly bites his tongue off as he's assaulted with images of Louis pulling out his cock, pink tongue slipping out and delicately lapping at the head of his dick, teasing him, before he sucks him down to the base.

Fuck, fuck, fuck. Just thinking about it is going to make Harry explode, and his head drops back on the chair, eyes closing as he takes a deep breath. Then Louis' hands are on him, ghosting up his thighs all the way to the button on his jeans. Harry sucks in a sharp breath as Louis pops the button and unzips his jeans so painfully slow.

When Louis finally, finally touches him, fleeting and light, Harry thinks he's died and gone to heaven, it feels so good. Better than anything he can imagine. It's too much, and not enough. Harry feels like he's going to have a heart attack; he can't handle this sex-kitten Louis. "Oh, god, Louis."

Louis hums, fingers wrapping around Harry's cock. "Just look at you, Haz. Nice and hard for me, and so big and wet," Louis says, sounding delighted as he flicks his thumb right across the tip.

A choked off gasp is ripped from his throat. "Louis..." he says, and even he can hear the need and desperation in his voice.

"Gonna suck you, taste you. Have to," Louis says. "Look so good. Gonna taste so good, too."

And suddenly, Harry has to see, and his eyes snap open, focusing on Louis just in time to see him lick his lips and lean forward. Breath catching, Harry watches as Louis licks up the precome on the head, pulling back a bit and smacking his lips together at the taste.

"Always so delicious," Louis says smugly, and then he dives right back down and opens his mouth wide to swallow the swollen head of Harry's cock in his little, wet mouth. Louis knows just what to do to make Harry crazy, making it sloppy and wet and filthy, tongue working on the underside, and Harry's incapable of speech from the pleasure.

A litany of fuck and yes, more and oh, god run through Harry's mind, and he spreads his legs wider, offering Louis more room. Louis moves closer, and he takes more of Harry into his mouth, his lips stretching obscenely wide around Harry's cock. Without conscious thought, Harry grabs Louis' head, tangling his fingers in his soft hair. Louis makes a pleased little sound at this, and Harry thrusts up a bit, sliding more of his cock down the heat and wetness of Louis' throat.

Harry wants to enjoy this, make it last, but he's already so on edge that he knows he's going to come any second now, and a choked-off warning of "Close," is all he can manage to get out.

Louis hums around his mouthful, the vibrations sending waves of pleasure through Harry's body, and his head bobs up and down as he sucks and licks Harry's cock, seemingly uninterested in pulling back.

And then one of Louis' hands is circling the base of his cock, jacking a bit, before it moves down, cupping his bollocks lightly squeezing and rubbing them. Oh,