Liam brushes up against his prostate, not expecting his boyfriend to find it so quickly, but Liam’s always been bigger than Zayn and a lot more capable of things he never thought possible.

“Oh god,” Zayn chokes out, breathing heavier than before as Liam settles in behind Zayn as close as he can possible get despite being as deep as he already is within Zayn.

Liam hums against the skin of Zayn’s shoulder; it’s pleasurable for him too, but he doesn’t show it as much this time around because this is all on Zayn.

The older lad tends to push until he breaks, doing all sorts of reckless things just to gain Liam’s attention, but what Zayn doesn’t realize - and what he’ll always fail to realize - is that Liam’s always looking, always catching Zayn's little antics because he loves watching the boy move.

He loves Zayn.

Liam pulls back as far as he can without moving any other part of his body before pushing back in. It’s slow and tantalizing, and Liam rests one of his hands on top of Zayn’s own that’s still curled against the bars of the balcony. He gives his hand a squeeze and keeps it there, holding onto it since they can’t intertwine their fingers together.

“Feels good?” he whispers, and Zayn nods. There’s pain, of course there’s pain laced within the goodness of it all, but Zayn asked for it in the first place, maybe not in this position, where he can’t see Liam’s face clearly and the fact that they’re patent, but as he opens his eyes and he briefly glances at his surroundings, he’s sure the view would only make his dick grow harder if it wasn’t already throbbing against his boxers.

They’re tight against the lower half of his body, still covering his erection except for that of his arse, where Liam’s doing a pretty decent job of covering that area. He whines though, at the thought of not being able to touch himself, how uncomfortable it is to be restricted but Liam picks up the pace by then and his focus is brought back to the fact that they’re still outside, where the wind is light and trying it’s best to cool the rush of blood and heat that courses under both of their skins.

“You like that thought, don’t you?” Liam suddenly snarls as he gives a rather rough thrust with his hips. “You like the thought of people knowing who you belong to?”

Zayn moans as Liam gives another hard thrust. It’s almost painful how possessive Liam’s being, but Zayn can’t find it in him to care too much; it only means the sex will no doubt be phenomenal.

“Yes, Liam. Yes.” His name is accented on Zayn’s tongue, more so than usual because it’s being drawn out with every little movement that Liam makes.

Liam rests his free hand on one of Zayn’s hips and his lips attach themselves to Zayn’s upper back, nipping and licking at the skin that is slowly covering itself with perspiration. What muscles Zayn has flex, creating dimples and distinct patterns in his skin until they move again and form something entirely new. His spine is straight, head bowed forward and Liam makes him feel like his body is on fire.

“S-sorry,” he suddenly says. It escapes quite quickly out of his mouth, but he’s not all that sorry at all because Zayn’s sure Niall can’t make him feel like this, and there’s no way in hell he’d ever take back that little dance of his from earlier.

“No you’re not,” Liam manages to say. He’s completely fucking into Zayn, not caring about whether he’s causing finger-shaped bruises to mar his skin or the fact that the other lad’s boxers are still covering his cock.

Liam ends up angling his hips up slightly, moving the position of his feet to readjust himself without having to pull out of Zayn. As he does so, he brushes against that little bud of nerves which only has Zayn squeezing his eyes shut tightly and letting out a little keen.

The noises don’t stop, however, when Liam keeps on, deliberately moving just the right way for Zayn to completely come undone, his shoulders slumping, arms going loose from holding himself up. He’s leaning forward against the railing now. Not too much to the point where it’s causing him pain, but it presses into his skin, and as Liam keeps on he feels his orgasm building, taking complete hold of him until he spills over.

His boxers grow wet, stained with his cum and Liam continues to thrust until he’s pushing in for the last time and spilling directly into Zayn.

They’re both left panting and breathing heavily, and the only thing that keeps them both awake aside from the fact that they’re standing is up is that the