rolled his eyes, “It just had to be my boss didn’t it…” he muttered under his breath.

“He has really pretty brown eyes” Zayn said, turning his head to Harry. 

Harry just rolled his eyes, “Zi, you can’t say that about your boss” 

“You know what shocked me was that I actually got the job. I was legit a stuttering mess because of his attractiveness, it threw me off” Zayn said, day dreaming about his boss, completely ignoring Harry’s statements. 

“I’m tired,” Louis said, stretching while walking out of the bathroom, the sound of the flush still going off.
He stood next to Harry. 

Harry leaned down and kiss Louis on the head, to which Louis blushed. 

They’re so adorable and perfect for each other, Zayn thought. They’ve literally being dating for 3, almost 4 years now and they still act like how kids behave when they’re with they’re crushes.
“My boss is so fucking sexy” Zayn stated simply. 

Louis’ eyes widened as he ran over to the couch to sit next to Zayn, and looked at him waiting to receive more information from him.

“Wait, BOSS? You got the job? And your boss is hot?” Louis asked with a wide smile on his face. 

Zayn straightened himself, Niall’s sudden excitement getting to him. 

“Yes! Oh my god he’s drop dead gorgeous. And guess what? He’s like so fit, that his muscles are so visible through the tight shirts that he wears” Zayn squealed like a 12 year old girl who just got asked out by her crush. 

Louis gasped, “Oh my, muscles on a guy will always be the death of me!”

“Louis,” Harry said, butting into their conversation. Harry was not the most muscular person unlike Mr. Payne, which explains why he’s upset.
Louis waved him off, paying full attention to Zayn. 

“Right? He was so hot. Oh my god you have to meet him one day. He also has light brown hair and scruff which suits him very much… dear god!” 

Louis was pretty much drooling, eyes lit up with happiness. 

“I’m so happy for you Zi, I wish I could have a hot boss, something fine to look at while I work.” Louis said, nudging his arm against Zayn’s leg. 

“Louis.” Harry said, again. 

“Shush haz.” Louis shushed his own boyfriend, a little too excited about Zayn’s news. 

“He’s very serious and professional, thought. But I’m sure he’s wild animal outside the office-“

“Okay, we’re done here.” Harry said, cutting both boys off, rubbing his temples in frustration. 

Louis rolled his eyes and leaned over to Zayn. 

“Text me the details.” He whispered. 

Zayn nodded.

“I can still hear you.” Harry said, again. 

Louis slightly pouted, “Don’t be jealous.”

“I don’t get jealous.” Harry said a bit too quick. 

“Now you’re getting defensive.” Louis said. 

This was normal, they get into small argument, then make up seconds later and Zayn was always around for their ‘arguments’. 

“I am not getting defensive.” Harry crossed his arms. 

“Sure haz, sure.” Louis said, rolling his eyes. 

“Louis.” Harry whined. 

“Harry.” Louis whined, mocking his voice. 

Harry huffed out a breath, “Do you not like my muscles.” 

Louis shook his head, smiling “Baby, I love your muscles.” 

Zayn groaned, here comes the makeup part. 

“I love you” Harry said, slightly blushing. 

“I love you too.” Louis said smiling at Harry. 

Harry walked over and pecked Louis’ lips and plopped down next to his boyfriend on the couch, kissing him again as he sat. 

Soon they were going at snogging. 

“You guys make me sick.” Zayn scoffed, pushing himself off the couch and heading upstairs. 

He couldn’t wait for tomorrow. His first day of work. With his hot boss.

Hello Lovelies,I finally decided to update!! New character in this one! I really hope you like this story as much as I like writing it. Again, don't hesitate to give me feedback in the comments!

Hope you guys like this chappie,G

I see Mr. Payne walking towards me, a slight smirk playing on his lips. My breath hitches; I don’t know what to do. Stay calm Zayn, just play it cool. I keep reminding myself. 

He finally reaches me, bends slightly and whispers in my ear “come to my room” and walks away like nothing happened. A shiver runs through my body thinking about why he needs me in his office. 

As I start walking, I feel someone tugging me- “WAKE UP ZAYN, ZAYN FUCKING WAKE UP YOU’RE GONNA GET LATE”.

I let out a groan, remembering it was just a dream