only the door to the dungeons swings open and Louis walks in with Zayn, laughing at something Eleanor Calder is saying.

Harry blinks, tries to get the image of Louis and the Hufflepuff girl to translate properly in his brain, and is suddenly not very interested in staying.

They’re not quite holding hands, because it doesn’t look comfortable or all that natural, and as soon as Eleanor realises they’ve all got an audience she stops trying to fix that, but the look on Louis’ face has Harry’s stomach dropping.

 “Hazza!” Louis says brightly, sounding thrilled to see him. He brushes past Eleanor without glancing back, making his way towards Harry, and Harry really can’t face him right now. “You’ve met Eleanor, right?”

“Yeah, we’ve got Charms together,” Harry blurts, abandoning the chocolates with Stan and striding towards the door. “And I’ve just remembered I’ve got homework for that, so...” He trails off and is out the door before Liam can finish calling after him about the chocolates. “Keep them!” he calls. “They’re for everyone!”

--

He ends up in the kitchens with Niall, pointedly not moping and trying to do Astronomy homework. Of course, Harry’s in no mood to actually be doing work, let alone studying, so he’s actually been eating his way through most of Niall’s chocolate frogs.

“Niall,” Harry says, which essentially means ‘throw another piece of chocolate into the air so I can catch it in my mouth and therefore feel like I’ve accomplished something.’ So far, Harry’s been three for three. He’s feeling very accomplished.

“You’re moping,” says Niall, but he reaches for another frog anyway, grabbing the slowest one and flinging it into Harry’s waiting mouth.

The chocolate is warm and gooey and tastes like ashes on Harry’s tongue.

“So explain it to me again,” says Niall, as if Harry’s entire world hasn’t ended.

Harry’s not sure how, but he somehow manages to get through the entire explanation without breaking out into tears or sounding like the world is over. He’s maybe being a tad bit too overdramatic, but they’ve got O.W.L.’s and Louis doesn’t like him and Niall has spent the entire month pretending to be angry at Liam, so Harry feels justified in dramatics.

“Ah.” Niall throws him another frog. “Didn’t Eleanor try to ask Louis out like months ago?”

Harry pauses. “What?”

Niall latches onto his pause with glee. “Yeah, like, ages ago, and it was kind of embarrassing--I almost felt bad--”

“Did he say yes?” Harry wants to know. He doesn’t really remember any of this happening, and he feels like he should. “Where was I?”

Niall opens his mouth, and then closes it.

Harry narrows his eyes. “What?” he says, reaching around Niall to grab his own chocolate frog this time and plopping it in his mouth. The cards are lying in a pile where Niall had flung them in favour of the sweets, and Harry glances down at them, turning over one with Ron Weasley on it idly.

“You, um,” says Niall. “You were in the Hospital Wing.” He pauses. “It was the day after the Whomping Willow Incident.”

Harry swallows painfully around his chocolate frog. “Oh,” he says. The Whomping Willow Incident involved Harry, Niall, Niall’s friends from Hufflepuff, Louis Tomlinson’s unfairly attractive arse, and several apples they’d nabbed from the Great Hall during breakfast; Harry’d been juggling, as per some ridiculous request of Niall’s friends, when Louis’d wandered by, knocked into Stan, dropped a book, bent down to retrieve the book, and somehow missed the ensuing trauma when Harry lost control of the apples and ended up stumbling into the Whomping Willow. None of the ensuing panic had been pretty. Louis’ arse, however, was.

“Yeah,” says Niall. “Anyway, you were saying--?” he starts to ask, before there appears to be somewhat of a commotion outside the kitchens, and the portrait swings open to reveal Nick, Alexa, and a reluctant looking Pixie.

“No, you tickle it, you twat,” Alexa is in the middle of saying. “Like--honestly, Grimshaw, what the fuck--Oh.” She breaks off. “Hi, Harry.”

Harry manages to smile, because he likes Alexa well enough and she’s in his house.

“Styles!” says Nick, sounding pleased.

“Hi, Grimmy,” Harry says sadly, flopping back down in Niall’s lap and silently demanding pets.

Niall strokes his fingers through his curls without any more prompting.

“Horan,” says Nick.

Niall narrows his eyes at him. “This is your fault,” he says, clutching Harry’s entire face to his chest. Harry is struck very