now. Zayn would pine for Liam secretly, wishing that Liam’s touches would linger just a little bit longer so he’d know that the boy felt the same about him. They would cuddle during movies and sleep in the same bed when they shared a hotel room. But none of that was beyond normal for them. The whole band was touchy, they needed physical contact to survive, and apparently Liam and Zayn were no different.

It wasn’t like he hated Danielle, he just hated that it wasn’t him who made Liam happy. And he bet he could, if he was just given a chance. He had contemplated telling Liam the truth, but he was sure that things wouldn’t go smoothly. He knew Liam enough to know that he wasn’t the cheating kind either. Even if he did like someone other than her, he’d never betray Danielle like that; at least not while they were dating.

So Zayn was stuck pining for Liam from afar, or rather, most of the time, right beside him, pressed against his comforting form. Curse Liam Payne and these feelings. He was sure that even the other boys knew about his infatuation with the boy. He had caught Louis’ knowing smirk and Harry’s simple shake of head when they’d caught his eyes lingering on a certain brunette a little too long. Everyone seemed to know exactly how he felt about Liam, but Liam. It was frustrating to say the very least.

At the moment, he was surprised that the Wolverhampton couldn’t feel his eye boring holes in the side of his face. But Liam seemed to be oblivious to the fact that Zayn was paying any attention to him, let alone in the same room.

Liam’s eyes were doing that crinkling into half-moons that happens whenever his laughter is genuine. And while Liam’s laughter should be lighting up the room, Zayn’s fist is clinching tightly, causing his knuckles to turn white. If he didn’t have his sharpie gripped properly, he was sure that it would have broken by now.

It has been exactly ten minutes since Adam has introduced himself to the band and stopped in front of Liam to get him to sign a poster or cd or something, Zayn isn’t quite sure at this point. He has insisted that Liam is his favorite in the band and that he just loves how Liam sings, like it’s only to him. Zayn had to roll his eyes at this comment, for in fact, Zayn thought he should be the only one Liam sung to.

A sharp nudge to his ribs broke his concentration on the pair. His head whiped around, his hazel eyes meeting blue. Louis is giving him a stern look and leans over to whisper in his ear. “Give it a rest. Quit acting like a jealous ex-boyfriend. Everyone in the room is noticing.”

At the news, Zayn’s eyes scan the room, then he shook his head as if he didn’t agree with Louis’ statement. No one was really paying attention to him at the moment, but he does relax his death grip on the black sharpie. He lets himself be distracted by a pretty brunette as he signs her cd, and make small talk about his dancing. Once she’s gone his eyes glances over to Liam, where Adam is still hovering near, apparently in deep conversation.

What could they possibly be talking about for this long? He cheered victoriously when management told the boy to keep moving. That was short lived, however, when he just simply moved to side to continue the conversation while Liam began to sign other fan’s merchandise and such. This was beginning to urk Zayn beyond belief. This person couldn’t be this interesting, could he?

Zayn had stopped paying attention to anything else but the two boys. He only signed things whenever Louis or Niall would nudge him in the side to get his attention. Sometimes, Niall would just slide the thing the fan wanted to sign in front of him, skipping Zayn completely. He was beyond excuses now for staring at Liam in such a way, he just hoped whatever reasons Niall and Louis came up with to tell the fans made sense. But if anyone with half a sense could see, they’d know what, or who rather, had Zayn’s full attention.

Just then Adam reaches over and rests his hand on Liam’s shoulder and squeezes it and that’s it, Zayn is seeing red. He slams the sharpie down on the table with a loud ‘thud’ and pushes his chair out. “What are you doing?” Louis hissed at him, but Zayn barely heard it.

He walked, or more like stomped, over to Liam’s side of the table. Liam looked up at him in surprised when he saw who it was, and Adam removed his hand off of Liam’s shoulders, much to Zayn’s satisfaction.

“Z-Zayn, what’s wrong? Why are y-“ Liam began, but Zayn cut him off abruptly.

“Uh,