skin until nothing but clear saliva branded him before kissing over the bopping Adam's apple and smirking against him teasingly. He slipped the handle of the knife inside Louis' mouth for him to hold as he dropped his hands down to undo his jeans and pulled them from his legs in one swift motion, the very next second with those same limbs wrapped around his waist as he rubbed his uncovered flesh against Louis' clothed cock. The werewolf moaned around the handle and Harry wished he could watch as he leaned forward to lick the few drops of blood the remained on the tip of the blade off, his eyes dark, fangs descending. His large hands grabbed Louis' ass tightly as he ground against him hard, taking the blade between his teeth to pull it out of Louis' mouth and tossed it behind him, out of the way to claimed his lover's lips in a heated embrace.

"Oh, fuck.." Louis moaned brokenly, his hips trembling as he rolled them forward, silently begging for any type of fraction against his engorged erection. "I can't.. I fucking-- need to touch you. Please.."

"Ssh.. Let me take care of you, pretty boy." Harry kissed Louis' agape mouth again before letting his legs drop and sinking to his knees in front of him. After discarding the rest of his clothes, shoes and socks included, Harry reached behind him for the knife and brought the cool blade to glide along the length of his leg softly, teasingly. Without warning, he cut a simple slit on Louis' quivering thigh and before the man could react, lips attached to the fleshy skin, sucking out whatever blood he possibly could before the wound healed. Even after it did, and nothing but wet whistles formed around his mouth, Harry continued to suck a bruise on Louis thigh, distracting him from the fingers that reached up to slide over his tight hole, pads prodding at the heat there. Louis jerked and moaned so loudly that it only fueled the vampire, detaching a few moments later as two fingers sunk between the pulsing addicting walls inside the werewolf's hole. Louis nearly fell apart at just Harry's index and middle fingers being knuckle deep inside of him, fucking so slowly, hooked to scrape along the roof of his hole before the digits were replaced by a hot wet tongue that made him completely crumple. His legs were lifted and placed against Harry's strong shoulders and he used what strength he possibly could to roll against the flesh inside of him as he rode the vampire's face. His cock dripped terribly and Harry didn't miss the opportunity to lick the substance dripping from him, sliding his tongue over the length of his balls, along the vein of his cock until he reached the tip, wrapping his pretty puffed lips around the head and sucking loudly.

The vampire pulled away a minute later and walked, slowly, over to one of the walls filled with fun toys, smirking as he heard the straps around Louis' wrist strain against his pulls. Harry grabbed a cock ring and a whip, speeding over to the younger man and pressing their bodies together, Louis whimpering as he turned his head to accept the lips attached to his with a needy urgency. Instead of using the items right away, Harry wrapped long fingers around Louis' cock and stroked him slowly, nails dragging along the throbbing flesh as he grazed the length of his collarbone with the ends of his fangs, the werewolf shivering against him as he pierced his skin. The strokes sped up and Louis jerked his hips forward, sweat dripping down the front of his neck, muscles tightening and when he croaked out the most broken close Harry pulled away, grabbing the cock ring from the ground and applying it around the hard cock and swollen balls as the werewolf called out to a higher power neither of them believed in. Pulling away with a satisfied smirk, Harry grabbed the whip and rounded the platform as he tickled Louis' skin with the leather strings, no inch left untouched short of the space between his cheeks. Once in front of him again, the strings fell in a puddle around Louis' dripping cock that he encased in leather as he retraced the trail he licked up the werewolf's neck before sinking his teeth in just under his chin and allowed his tongue to catch the drops of blood that slipped from him, watching his jaw clench with every moaned breathed expelled. Harry ducked down enough to slip the tip of his tongue along the red swollen head of Louis' cock, kissing the wet slit and smirking at the way Louis growled, more animal than human sounds escaping from his lip bitten mouth as he once again tugged against the restraints.

Purely for selfish reasons, Harry reached up just seconds after releasing Louis' cock from leather hell and tossing the whip aside to slid the piece of fabric from his eyes as unbuckle the straps from around his wrists. The moment he released the werewolf, he pushed Harry to the ground, their bodies falling against the plush carpet and their mouths linked in a deep, sloppy, needy kiss, tongues tangoing, cocks rubbing against each other. Harry took control and flipped their