But when he does speak, Louis is absolutely silent, listen attentively and giving real thought to what he says.

No, it doesn't quite feel like friends, but it's more than Harry's had, and it feels amazing. He lives for the times when he sees Louis. 

He still bleeds light every night. He wears more clothing because his veins glow when Louis is around, and scarves become a large part of his wardrobe. Louis doesn't know and Harry hopes to God he never will. 

They meet up somewhere one time, they go see a movie, and Harry doesn't know what to think, he just feels. Then he goes over to Louis' house. Then they accidentally see each other in the park.

Suddenly Louis is everywhere. Harry is frightened of how he feels- it's so strong and something he needs so much, that he knows he'd be destitute without it. Louis' eyes are constantly twinkling at him.

He thinks that it seems backwards. Louis is the real light in his life, and he must be the dark in Louis'. He's got dark eyes and dark hair, he wears dark clothing and lots of it. His voice is quiet and he only speaks sometimes. But Louis' hair is light, his eyes are sparkling, he likes bright colors. He talks a lot an his voice is higher than Harry's. He happy.

Harry feels desperate. The more he cuts, the more he sees light. 

And suddenly, it reminds him of Louis. It's golden and bright and it's pushing away the darkness of the bathroom he sitting inside of. And he loves it, suddenly, abruptly, because it's like Louis. 

He wants to see more. He makes longer cuts, deeper cuts. The light glows, lighting up the corners of the small room. His veins are glowing and he wants, desperately, to see inside one, to see the glory of the amount of light it holds. Then he remembers. 

A knock on the door brings it back, reminds him that Louis' outside the door.

"Harry?" he calls. And Harry panics, his blade slipping and his skin separating wider. There's a slight clatter of the metal in the floor, and the room glows brighter.

"Harry, what going on?"

And his breath isn't coming anymore because he hurts himself and light comes out and he's disgusting. And Louis is so much better than that. 

Harry's crying. There's nothing else to do but say sorry sorry sorry over and over again. 

But Louis' beautiful hands are reaching for him and his slender fingers are gently touching, spreading over the light with faint touches. And he looks concerned and full of awe at once, eyes trained on the glow. 

"What is it?" He asks, and Harry can't speak at first.

"I don't know," he says, done crying, done caring. "I bleed light."

"Bleed?" Louis asks, and then he sees the blade, recognizes the way the skin is split apart around the light. "Harry!"

It's starting to hurt again, or he's remembering the pain, and Louis looks lost.

"Why?" he asks, and Harry has no answer. Louis sighs and pulls him to his feet, pushing his wrist into the sink and running the water, watching the way the light fades and then disappears when Harry's cuts are done bleeding. A few are stubborn, but eventually Louis can cover them in bandages.

Harry is still silent, wondering when Louis will leave. He's cold, he feels as if the light leaked out the warmth with it, and he'll only be colder when Louis- his warmth- leaves him.

He's wearing only jeans and a t shirt when Louis sits him on his bed and slides in next to him. His veins begin to glow, and Louis reaches out gentle fingers again, touching the skin above a vein that disappears under the bandage. His fingers are warm on Harry's skin. 

His fingertips trail, traveling from on vein to the next until they reach Harry's neck. His thumb rests on one there, stroking over it. Harry's breath stops, and the light's flowing slows with his heartbeat. It's so quiet.

Then Louis retraces his path with his mouth, his soft lips trailing from his wrist and up his arm, over his shoulder and collarbones. Then he's kissing under Harry's jaw, searing warmth at his pulse point, and the tears return in full force, spilling over. One flows from his cheek to Louis', dripping down the jaw that Harry loves so much. 

"Harry, Harry, Harry," Louis smiles lightly, tentatively. "It's alright, angel."

Then he takes Harry's hand in his.

"I'm a freak," Harry's voice is barely a whisper, but Louis hears him. He always does.

"You