stop herself from crying out, breathing erratically as Harry’s middle and ring fingers fuck her hard and fast. “I can’t—I can’t do it,” she whimpers, shutting her eyes, her slick cunt overstimulated.  “I can’t come, not like this.” “Yes you can, Miss Niall, I know you can,” Harry gently kisses her, fingers fucking even harder.  “Come for me again,” he pleads, despite Niall shaking her head.  “You’re so close, I know you are.” Niall lets out a whine and pushes Harry’s hand away.  She turns to face the wall of the elevator and holds onto the wooden railing above, her skirt flying upward from the rush of wind surrounding them.  At the right second, Harry picks up the flow of Niall’s polka dot dress, stretch and pulls her underwear aside, pressing himself against her before inserting his fingers inside of her again. Niall’s eyes are closed shut once more, but she’s not crying out, moaning instead when Harry’s free hand squeezes the underside of her breast.  Harry slinks his hand up towards her neck and tips her head back, sloppily kissing him until the elevator comes to an abrupt stop, the cab jerking upwards so hard that Harry’s fingers go deep enough for Niall to come one more time. “I knew you could do it,” Harry purrs, carefully holding a trembling Niall around her waist.  “I didn’t hurt you, did I?” “Never, you know that,” she whispers, slowly turning around.  Niall puts a hand to the back of Harry’s neck, bringing him in for a slow and heated kiss.  “Show me the best room,” she smiles against Harry’s lips, “show me what I’ve been missing.” — They’re in and out of the freight elevator in seconds, running down the empty hallway until they’re in front of a pair of double doors, painted white and gold.  Harry slides his card and turns the handle as soon as he hears a click, revealing a lavish suite.  Niall’s in awe of the room, taking in the sight of the balcony overlooking the mountainside. “All right, no one’s here.  We should be safe for a while,” Harry says, locking the doors.  He takes Niall’s hand, whisking her away to the bedroom, its decorations surprising both of them. The king-sized canopy bed is covered in pink and yellow rose petals, its curtains made of white tulle, tied around the bedposts.  Tea lights are placed around the room, still new and yet to be lit.  Harry lets go of Niall’s hand and she’s suddenly lifted off the ground, laughing in delight as he carries her towards the bed, letting her kick off her heels before gently laying her down in the middle. Niall barely has a second to position herself when suddenly her skirt is lifted up, caught off guard by Harry removing her underwear.  “What are you—“ Harry shushes her, his hands on her knees, spreading her legs open.  “Oh no, no not again—Harry!  Fuckfuckfuck!” she squeals, gripping the back of his head.  Harry’s tongue swirls around Niall’s cunt, fingers spreading open her folds to lick a stripe all the way up to her clit, flicking and sucking the way she likes. “God, you’re going to make me come again,” Niall’s free hand grips the bed sheets, crushing and bruising every rose petal she touches until she’s crying out Harry’s name and trembling all over.  Harry props himself up and lies above Niall, hands playing with her breasts. “Time out, I can’t keep up with you today,” she huffs, laughing when he kisses her. “Just making up for not being your date to that fancy gala.  Bressie knows how upset I was that I didn’t get to see you.” “Don’t worry, Zayn took good care of me.” Harry rolls his eyes, pretending to be jealous.  “Just 'cause he costs more," he snorts.  "But soon enough I'll be a Premium model!  And then I'll be Platinum, just like Zayn.”

"You know I can't afford you once you're Platinum, right?  It'd be a shame to take you out of my roster, you know."

Harry gives Niall's breasts a light squeeze, pursing his lips in contemplation.  "I'll figure something out," he smiles, "but for now, I'm yours until the end of the night." Harry rolls onto his back and Niall sits up on her knees, quickly unbuttoning his pants.  She makes no effort to be gentle, roughly tugging his boxer briefs down, immediately putting her mouth on him  “Fucking shit,” he gasps, head tipping back into the bed.  Niall works a hand on the base of his cock, swirling her tongue around the tip and sinking back down, Harry