. She insisted that they were in love and the media fucking bought it. Nadia, as she called herself, even tried to kiss Harry and Zayn spewed out some harsh words, getting his lawyer to put restraining orders.


“I think we need some timeout.”



 


He says ‘what you’ve heard isn’t true but I Can’t stop thinking about you and I  I’ll always be there with since I…

 

Zayn didn’t contact Harry for next three days, making Harry genuinely confused and heartbroken. At the end of those three days, Harry had his prescribed sleeping pills ready to be shoved down his throat when Zayn came rushing in, slapping those away from Harry’s hands.

 


“You’re an idiot but I still fucking love you, you idiot.”


 

You’ve got that James Dean, daydream look in your eye And I’ve got that rosy cheeks, the classic thing that you like,  And when we burn down, we’ll still be the Angels.


 


The second chorus is about the start and Harry feels that familiar tug, the kind that he gets before he gets sick in sense of nostalgia. He can’t keep up with the ‘I’m not effected’ façade and his fans know him better than he himself. His eyes rake over to the dome area and the lights must be playing tricks on him, or he wouldn’t see that familiar black jacket figure.

-

“You’re an idiot,” Niall grouses at the set break, his dyed-blond hair wet from the quick shower he just took. “You think Malik is stupid enough to leave you completely?”

“It’s been four months and five days, of course he found someone else,” the twitter feed says Zayn is in Dubai for his summer collections. “And where the fuck is Tomlinson?”

“My boyfriend is allowed to not come to every-fecking-concert you have, Styles,” Niall rolls his eyes. “I think I’m gon’ dye my hair blue.”

“That’s awesome if I were a pop-punk artist, mate,” Harry laughs half-heartedly. “But seriously, first Liam disappears and now Louis?”

“Erm,” Niall looks fidgety.


Something’s fucking up tonight.


-

“Thought I’d leave you alone?”

Harry’s heart lurches forward at those deep, raspy tone he’s been all along, his heart missed so fucking much.

“Liked the song you started off with,” Zayn’s caramel-brown eyes look molten in the dimmed light. “Really, you knew how to rile me up.”

“I-I’m calling security,” Harry threatens, his tears welling up. “You have no fucking right—”

The pair of lips, familiar but so estranged, that Harry can’t forget descend slowly, like those stupid romantic novels, and his tears fall freely. Zayn’s warm hands are on his wet cheeks, wiping the strayed rivulets of joy and melancholy, anger and forgiveness, war and peace, all at once. The kiss is not passionate in any way possible, but it’s still there, the cord of love they hung onto for last four months.

“I’m stupid.”

-

“The memories fade but the love won’t,” Zayn promise atop Harry, their hair slick from all the foreplay. “Promise me that you won’t leave.”

“I can’t…” Harry wants to feel Zayn for the first time, like they won’t ever stop. “I’m on tour half the year.”

-

“You don’t remember…” Zayn trails off, his eyes shutting off all the emotions pooling up. “Fuck, I was an idiot.”

“Remember what?”

“That I was supposed to take you to dinner the night you broke up with me,” Zayn sighs. “I was on the cab, three miles from your house but that whore had to take your attention. The threats weren’t meant for you, they were for me. Nadia? Her fiancé is the arch-enemy of mine so they thought that through you they can achieve something. I let them think they won so that I can do this.”

“Don’t!” Harry doesn’t want the fucking emotions. “I have felt everything since the first time I met you and I… I knew that waiting for you to tell you how you feel, the guy you say you can be isn’t the one I fell for.”

“So let me in,” Zayn gets down on one knee, producing the velvet-green box and opens it. There’s a platinum band in the centre, a single 4-carat diamond with four emeralds surrounding it. “Marry me, Harry Edward Styles, and we’ll always be Angels.”

“There’s only one option, ain’t there?”

-

“Why did I say yes again?”

Fahid is zipping through the house with the toilet roll trailing behind him, his cute little giggles filling the three-storey house, and his little sister