that we were beside each other; I believe that where I belong is right next to you.”

My body flushed with heat and surged with something that I couldn’t quite identify. “Soulmates? You’re telling me that you think that you and I are soulmates? Are you in love with me?” Like magnets, I was drawn closer to him, my body radiating with an energy that matched his.

His eyes were wider than I’d ever seen him and this time I recognized that look of panic in them and the nervous gulp. “I don’t know. I love you, yeah, but like I love the other boys too, but I think I love you more and this is the most fucked up conversation that I’ve ever had.” The beautiful boy in front of me dropped his head onto my shoulder, breathing heavily with his hand still clamped on mine.  “So, yeah, I love you, Leeyum, and I kissed you that day and I’ve wanted to kiss you every day for years now, but I know that you’re straight and I don’t know what came over me that night, but that day was something special, right?”

Those last few sentences were murmured into my shoulder, spilt secrets like red wine on white carpet. His words stained my thoughts until they were colored Zayn – zaynzaynzaynzayn – and my heart was pounding out the beat to match that color.

“Hey,” I untangled our hands and reached up to slide my fingers over the back of his head. “Zaynie, look at me.”

Slowly he withdrew his face to look at me.  “I don’t know if I like boys. Well, I’m pretty sure that I don’t, but I know I like you a lot and I get a funny feeling inside when I see you and when you smile and when you laugh, and that day that we spent together, when we were in the field, I thought I was dying for a second because when I was looking down at you, I was feeling so many things all at once.”

I brought my other hand up to sweep over Zayn’s cheek before cupping the back of his neck and bringing his mouth crashing against mine for the second time.

This kiss was something marvelous. His stubble scratched over my jaw, his tongue parted my lips, and I was swept away into the sweet oblivion that the kiss presented me with.

My insides felt like fire and ice, battling, heating, melting all at once. Stars and moons and galaxies sparkled on the backs of my closed eyelids. I felt like currents of electricity coursed up my sides when Zayn’s hands moved over my hips, pulling me against him even more.  

It was by far the most intense kiss of my life and I wasn’t sure if I liked boys, but I definitely loved Zayn and in this moment I could see the whole soulmates thing. It would explain the undeniable attraction I’ve felt towards him since the beginning, the buzzing in my head when we were too close, the need to always be closer. In this moment, buried in this kiss, the buzzing was stopped and we were wrapped in blissful silence.

“Is this what you want? Are you okay with this? Or am I just something for you to get off with tonight?”  He panted against my mouth when we pulled away for air.

I didn’t speak as the emotions, the need for him, coursed through me. I pushed at his shoulders, moving him back through the kitchen, away from the sofa and the coffee table where the now-cold leftovers sat. “Bed. Get to the bed.”

Zayn laughed and reached for my hands, pulling me back just slightly. “Slow down, Leeyum. I want to, I really do, but both of us are a bit drunk, and this is all new. Maybe we can just wait, yeah? I’d be perfectly fine with just watching a film with you tonight. We don’t have to do stuff.”

Maybe I was going just a bit crazy with the first contact I’ve really had with anyone in such a long time. “Yeah, what film?”

*

Settling in together was easy enough. We’d always been close and now it was no different except there was a bit more kissing than before. It wasn’t until the promo tour began a few days later that any problem arose. See, although the other boys may have guessed at some feelings or whatever, they never said anything and seeing as neither of us really knew what we were doing with each other, we kept this a secret from them.

Being in some semblance of a relationship with your bandmate is never a good idea because breakups do happen and at the very beginning of all of this, management had warned us against slipping into relationships within the band (to which we’d all argued that we weren’t gay, but several occurrences over the years had shifted that perspective slightly).

Here Zayn and I were, breaking that rule one kiss