Zayn’s carefully sculpted hair. “So, show me how you dance, Copper.”

“Well, if that’s your wish,” Zayn’s lips twitch into a smirk and he winks at the popstar before wrapping his thigh around the metal bar. “Song?”

Niall turns the radio on, a stereo at that, and Bang Bang comes on.

Zayn spins around the pole with grace, his eyes never leaving the dyed-blond singer’s, and he does his usual routine for the all-nighters.

“So,” Niall crowds Zayn against the bar. “How come you aren’t a part-time prostitute if you can move your arse like that?”

“Only rich people have that pleasure,” Zayn purrs, pressing his back further into the bar. “Did you pay the extra?”

“I got an extra-large bottle of lube and a box of condoms,” he shrugs, deft fingers playing with Zayn’s thongs. “Can I?”

Zayn slips out of his thongs that only cover his dick, his erection bare to Niall’s hungry gaze.

“I had a misfortune earlier this year,” Niall purrs into Zayn’s ear. “That friend who fucked me? We were drunk enough to film our sex and someone hacked my iCloud and uploaded the sex tape. I can re-enact with ye.”

 

Within minutes, both Zayn and Niall are naked, Zayn’s entire hand buried in Niall’s pale arse. The blond is making a really desperate noise, moans that are going straight to Zayn’s dick. He thrusts his hand in harder, wanting Niall to come before the actual deed. Niall whines, painting his stomach white with his passionate fluids.

“Can make you come some more,” Zayn smirks, pulling his hand out to replace it with a vibrating anal bead wand. “Stay still.”

The lubricated ass wand has thick balls that are thicker than the most and Niall’s eyes widen from interest and surprise. Zayn inserts the first two beads before turning the vibrations on. Niall keens, his dick standing and fattening up before Zayn’s lustful eyes. The dancer just smirks even more sinfully, fucking the popstar with the toy.

 

Only after Niall’s fourth orgasm (twice from fisting, once from ass wand, and other from a blow), Zayn finally sheathes himself with Niall’s tight heat. Niall claws at Zayn’s back, a silent plea to move. Zayn complies and fucks Niall hard, his pace quick like a lion claiming his mate.

“Harder, gosh,” Niall mewls out. “Please, Zayn.”

Zayn almost pulls out when Niall calls him by his real name. Did Peazer tell the singer?

“Call me Zayn again,” Zayn purrs, driving particularly hard into the blond haired angel’s prostate. “Or I’ll pull out.”

“My dark angel,” Niall gasps out, his arse starting to clench around Zayn’s shaft. “My gemstone.”

Zayn lets himself fill up the condom with his release, then falls asleep.

-

“I have loved you since we were eighteen, long before we thought the same thing — to be in love and to be loved,” Zayn wakes up to the familiar tune of Same Thing, originally called 18, if you’re a hard-core fan. “All I can do is to say that these arms were made for holding you.”

“Niall…” Zayn can remember what the fuck happened last night. “How do you remember my name?”

“You were my first love, even though we were barely toddlers,” Niall cups Zayn’s cheek with his small, pale hands. “You were six with those magnificent amber eyes, rimmed with the richest, earthiest green hue.”

“I long forgot about you,” Zayn confesses, his own hand cupping Niall’s wrist. “I made myself forget everyone from my past but you,” he nuzzles Niall’s hand with his jaw and cheek. “You are my future.”

“So you’ll come to my photoshoot?”

-

It’s half-eleven in the morning and Zayn is naked for a different reason.

“I think the leather’s gonna suit you,” his stylist, Myra, goes on. “It matches your aura better than black jeans.”

“My dick wishes to breathe,” Zayn sneers at the proclaimed lesbian stylist. “Like, I need it to breathe to fuck Niall.”

“Watch yer mouth,” Niall snaps merely a metre away from Zayn. “Or I’ll just expose you to the world.”

 

Twenty minutes later, Zayn is indeed wearing leather trousers that restrict his dick from breathing. His chest is bare, other than the black vest that displays his tattoos perfectly. Some airbrush covered his inappropriate tattoos on his collarbone but eh.

“Niall, good to see that you found a partner,” the photographer, Niko, smiles at them warmly. “George is ready for you.”

“George as in–”

“Hello darlings,” the voice is silken, full of sexual promises. “Niall and Copper Lust, what are my odds?”

“Shelley