If you...Okay with that?"

 

          Charlie nodded again, getting antsier by the moment as he squirmed around a bit in his seat. "Do you know how it works Superman?"

 

          Charlie shook his head, biting on his lower lip as Richard undid his seatbelt, climbing a little closer to Charlie. "Well...You know how I...Put you penis in my mouth? Well, instead of my mouth, you...Put it where you put your fingers earlier. Do you...want to do that?"

 

          Charlie’s eyes widened. He wasn’t sure what his peepee was really called, but he assumed that was what Richard was referring too.

 

          "O-Okay." He reached for the bottom of his jeans, about to pop them open before Richard stopped him. "I'll do that...Just...sit back, Okay?"

 

          Charlie nodded, leaning against the car door, while Richard himself ran his hands under Charlie’s shirt, biting on his lip and letting out a small moan. Charlie wasn’t muscular, or even firm at that. He was soft and squishy and in all honest, Richard loved that.

 

          So, he pealed the shirt off, leaving Charlie’s chest exposed. "You’re so pretty superman," Richard breathed, leaning forward and pecking on of Charlie nipples. "Girls are pretty. I'm not a girl." Charlie crossed his arms, hiding his body from Richard. "Boys can be pretty too, baby. I think your very pretty. Your body is..." Richard finished with a groan, attaching Charlie’s collar bone and sucking, before he traveled down the boy’s body, leaving various kisses until he reached the main event; Charlie’s freakishly large cock.

 

          He undid the button, pulling down the zipper slowly. Like he was winding a jack in the box. Scared it were going to pop out and hit him in the face.

 

 

          Which it might, due to the aroused state the younger boy was in and the slight bucking of his hips whenever Richards fingers brushed against his manhood.

 

          "R-Richard please." Charlie whimpered. And of course, Richard couldn’t say no to that face and resorted to pulling his tight boxers past the throbbing in his pants and yes, if you’re wondering, it did spring up. Just like a Jack in the box.

 

          Richard chuckled, swiping his tongue over Charlie’s tip, the boy in the passenger seat gasping.

 

          Charlie made another swipe, this time, wrapping his large hand around Charlie’s member and guiding him into his mouth, where he bobbed his head, the slight sound of swishing and skin against skin.

 

          "R-Richard," Charlie whined, tangling his small hands in Richards Hair, that was barley long enough for him to grab onto and Richard was right...Charlie would want to tug on his hair.

 

          "Richard—More!" He cried now, bucking his hips into Richards mouth, his head poking the back of Richards throat and making him gag, his eyes watering and he pulled away, but not in enough time to move his face because it was painted in white spurts of Charlie’s spunk.

 

          Richard held his mouth open as another ribbon of cum splattered his face, some landing in his mouth in which he swallowed. "Me sorry," Charlie said innocently, trying to wipe Richards face but he pushed the boys hand away, wiping the cum up with his fingers and licking his hand clean.

 

          "You always taste so good." He breathed after he finished wiping the access amounts of sperm off his face and swallowing it all down, before he pressed his lips to Charlie’s like a needy whore.

 

          And honestly, that’s what Richard was. He was a whore for Charlie, a udder slut and he couldn’t control himself around said boy.

 

          Hell, he'd had him finger him in the school fucking library. He impaled himself on Charlie’s little hand and got off on it and if that wasn’t eh most sinful thing he'd ever done, then fucking Lilly piper in the outhouse at the fair classified him as a saint. Not that he wanted to do a girl, but he couldn’t help himself? He was so horny, and of course, Richard couldn’t old himself off.

 

          Just like now, as he ripped off his clothes, grinding his ass against Charlie’s hard length.

 

          And Charlie didn’t understand what Richard was doing. Honestly, it scared the shit out of him and hurt his hips due to the awkward position. Not that he wanted to speak up. Richard looked so content there, pushing his boxer covered bum onto Charlie and to say the elder wasn’t trying to get off would be the lie of the century.

Richard finally pushed in the wrong directions and Charlie whimpered out, grabbing onto his hips. "R-Richard it hurts...I...I don’t like this. I wunna stop." He cried. Charlie didn’t know if he was ready for this yet, and if Richard was going to be so