? How can I help you?” Niall feels lightheaded; he doesn’t know what to do to help his friend.

All Harry can do is cling to his friend, and ride out the storm of emotions, eventually succumbing to and going under.



+

Shortly after Harry’s break down, Niall persuades Harry to go to a rehab clinc. It’s the best there is, Niall’s done his research. Months pass, good days and bad, but all the while Niall’s there by his side. There isn’t a day he doesn’t visit. Finally, it’s time for Harry to come home, but he still has a lot to do for a full recovery.

He is required to go to group meetings three times a day. Niall will drive him to those since Harry’s such in a fragile state. He’s also to stay away from the life he led before, nothing alcoholic, no bars. He is also required to start looking for a job, something small to work his way back into society little by little. All this, Niall’s made himself ready to help his friend anyway possible.

Taking a deep breath, Harry hugs his things to his chest, knowing Niall will be waiting for him. He feels cleaner, stronger, but he’s still afraid to leave, be bombarded by he left behind. Is this what convicts feel like after being released? He’s so fucking nervous. Walking out, he catches Niall’s eyes, smiling slightly.

“Hey buddy.” Niall throws an arm around Harry. He hugs him tightly as he can. He pulls back and takes Harry’s stuff. “Come on, let’s go home.” He walks Harry to his car, putting the bags in the backseat. “Anywhere you want to go before we head home?”

Shaking his head, he tugs on lengthened hair self-consciously, “Home, please?” he hasn’t seen his own apartment in a while; a little scared he doesn’t have a home to go to. He knows he’ll have to find a job, having been fired days before his meltdown being too drunk to function. He puts his thoughts away, only wanting to lie in his own bed.

Niall looks over at him rather guiltily, “So… I know you had your own apartment and everything, but I couldn’t keep it up with what I worked, but I kept it as long as I could.” He even went in debit trying to keep it for Harry. “I hope you don’t mind staying at mine. You’re welcome to stay there as long as you want. I’ll even help look for another apartment if you can’t stand it there.” He looks over at Harry. “I’m sorry.” He gives him a sympathetic smile, “I understand if you don’t want to though. We can stop by a motel room if that’s more appealing.” Niall’s rambling now.

Saddened that he’s lost that bit of stability, Harry still shakes his head to the hotel room. “No, please… let me stay with you.” He lets his hair hide his features, a spark of something – hope? – blooms in his chest. He can stay with Niall.

Nodding, Niall blushes, “Good, cause all your stuffs there already.” He confesses as he takes the car out of park and starts driving to his apartment. When they get to the apartment, Niall smiles at Harry, getting out, grabbing Harry’s bags and walks the younger boy to the door, unlocking it. He lets Harry go first before he walks in, dropping the bags at the inside of the door and closing it.

Harry stands, unsure of his place, “Are you sure?” he asks the blond, fidgeting with his hands. “I don’t want to put you out.” He wraps his arms around himself, feeling the urge to escape in a bottle of whiskey. He squashes that urge, determined not to disappoint Niall.

“Of course I’m sure. You have your own room and everything. Hopefully I’m not a horrible flat mate.” He tries to lighten the mood. “Come on, let’s unpack you. I’ll show you to your room.” He takes Harry’s arm, tugging him along the hallway, opening a door and beaming at Harry. All of Harry’s things are neatly placed inside. “If you don’t like or want anything, we can throw it out and start fresh.” Niall offers, looking at Harry hopeful.

Leaning into his long-time friend, he feels hopeful that he can move past all of this. A few tears slide out and Harry turns to Niall. “Help me?” he waves to his things.

“Of course,” Niall smiles, going to get his bags and bringing them into the room, he puts them on the bed. He unzips them and smiles at Harry. “So what would you like