.” Louis says loosely. “And when Harry comes back he can be in the gang too.”

Liam reminds himself that the gang is Louis, Niall and Zayn and laughs at the gratitude he feels.

“Harry.” Louis slurs with bitterness that Liam doesn’t detect. “Do you really love him?”

“Yes, I do.” Liam says with a small smile. 

“What’s he like?”

“He’s amazing and kind. He’s tall and has big green eyes and the best smile and-“ Louis slumps forward on the table, apparently having heard enough.

Grimmy groans from behind Liam.

“Can you take him home? Your shift is done.”

Liam nods and retrieves his wallet and phone from the back room. When he enters the bar again Louis’ hanging off his stool and Liam catches him before he crashes to the floor.

Louis giggles into his neck as Liam props him up.

“Where are your keys?” Liam asks.

“I don’t have a car.” Louis snorts. Liam laughs and rolls his eyes.

“I mean your house keys.”

“Oh.” Louis makes a show of checking each of his pockets before retrieving them from his jeans.

-

“Harry’s meant to come on Skype soon.” Liam says excitedly. Liam doesn’t notice the slight eye roll Louis makes.

“I’ve heard.”

“Yeah, really soon.” Liam folds his hands and stares at his computer screen.

Louis makes a show of dancing around and waving his arms to get Liam’s attention but is promptly ignored. He huffs and sits back down.

A small squeal erupts from Liam’s mouth as Harry_Styles appears online.

“Harry.” Liam breathes. His eyes swim as Harry’s smiling face stretched across the screen.

“Liam.”

“H-Hi.” Liam chokes and clears his throat.

“I miss you babe.” Harry says, equally choked up.

“I miss you too.”

“What’s been going on?” Harry asks.

“I got a job.” Liam says happily “I thought about getting a dog.”

“A dog?” Harry asks excitingly. “We should get a dog!”

“We’re not getting a dog.” Liam laughs. His eyes slide over to Louis.

“And I made some friends. This is Louis.” He swings the computer screen to show Louis sprawled on the couch. He looks surprised and raises his hand in greeting.

“Hi Harry. Heard a lot about you mate.”

“You have not.” Liam protests, cutting off Harry’s greeting.

“It’s all you talk about.” Louis says. Liam turns the screen back so he can look at Harry.

“It’s probably true; I just miss you so much. This is torture Harry.”

“I know.” Harry says sadly. “I’m so sorry.”

“I love you.” Liam says and strokes Harry’s cheek on the screen. Louis averts his eyes then.

“What’s your job like?”

“It’s at a pub.” Liam says and wipes his eyes. “My manager, Grimmy, you’ll really like him, you’re both from the North. You’ll like all my friends; I can’t wait for you to meet them.”

“You’ve changed a lot.” Harry notes.

“Good changes.” Liam smiles proudly. “

“I can’t wait to come home.” Harry says wistfully. “I’m never going anywhere again.”

Liam and Harry stare at each other through the screen with longing.

 “I love you so much Liam.” Harry says sadly. “I have to go.”

“I know, I know.” Liam says quickly and sniffs. “I’ll see you soon.”

Harry blows him a kiss and switches of the screen.

Liam stares at it for a while until Louis clears his throat.

“Are you alright?” He starts cautiously. Liam nods.

“Yeah, yes I’m fine.”

-

“Louis not home yet.” Zayn says, not breaking eye contact with the violent video game on the television.

“Okay.” Liam says and sits next to him. He’s surprised to see Zayn pause his game and turn to him.

“You have to be careful with Louis.” He says suddenly. Liam lets out a baffled laugh.

“Okay? What do you mean?”

“You two are really close and you have a boyfriend, Louis’ disregarding that and taking advantage of the fact that he’s not here. He really likes you, Liam, and when Louis likes someone it gets complicated and never ends well.”

“I’m not leading him on, if that’s what you’re saying. I would never- I’m with Harry.” Liam says, clearly affronted.

“I know that, but Louis doesn’t. I know you don’t want to stop being friends with him so I’m just telling you what’s bound to happen.”

“Thanks.” Liam says sincerely. He runs his hands through his