before I placed it over Zayn's tip. And squeezed the top before rolling it down his length. It wasn't as easy as I remembered it being in health, but maybe that's because I had to move my hand to hold his cock, quick enough for me to roll down the condom with one hand

"You can ride me, or I can take you and do the work, that's up to you"

"I want to ride you, master" I whispered "please"

"Good boy" he smirked "begging for me"

I raised myself from his lap as he asked me to do so. I grasped his cock and lubed it up quickly, lining him up with my hole. I cried out when I pushed him into me, feeling painsting my entrance and tears prick my eyes

"Slow down, pup" he said softly "don't hurt yourself"

I took some more of him in me, whimpering behind my bitten lips as a tear or two involuntarily left my blue eyes. It hurt until I was sunk down to his thighs, his length making my backside feel full. I looked down at him, his brown eyes stared back at me, lust-filled

"I can't feel good unless you do" he spoke again

"Yes master"

I began to roll my hips once I felt ready, whimpering at the uncomfortable feeling of him inside me. If I rocked my hips down and forwards, the side ofhim would strike my sweet spot. I kept it slow, letting his thick length loosen me as much as I needed to be. I felt incredibly stretched out, and still in a little pain. But with the pain, came pleasure as I finally began to bounce on and off his cock the best that I could. Zayn was now sitting up, pulling my hair to make me moan, making marks along my skin with his lips and his teeth

"Oh..." I whimpered "oh, Zayn"

"When we're having sex, I'm your master" Zayn growled against my neck "and that's all you will call me"

"Yes master"

"You may call me master, or sir" he groaned against my neck as I continued to move my hips and bounce "I am only Zayn when we aren't fucking, and when we aren't in scene"

"Yes master"

"Is that good, baby?"

"So good" I cried out, feeling myself hit my climax

"Are you going to cum?"

"Yes master!"

"Hard?"

"Yes, yes master. I'm going to cum hard, for you"

I was moving frantically, my entire body sweaty

"And what do you want from me?"

"I want your cum. I want your cum master, if you will give it to me"

"Cum for me, pup" he hissed into my ear "cum as hard as you can, make me proud"

I cried out moaning, feelings my orgasm shred through me at his words. I came, harder than I thought possible. It hit his collarbones, making him smirk

"Good boy" he whispered

I continued to gasp and moan, begging for his cum. It seemed to wind him up, and soon he was telling me to slow down, that he was finished. I sat still in his lap, my fingers trembling and my eyes half open from my orgasm. Oh god. Was it going to be like this every time I had sex with him? He lay me back, and pulled out, breathing heavy as he pushed his sweaty hair from his face

"Say thank you" he murmured

"Thank you... Master"

Warning: n/a
---------

New message from: Zaddy

Z: I thought I told you to close this account?

B: and you?

Z: baby, you do not tell me what to do

B: I'm not, I'm just asking

Z: don't back talk me

B: sorry

Z: what was that?

B: yes master, I'm sorry

Z: better. When will I see you again?

B: whenever you want to

Z: can I have your number? I forgot to ask for it

B: sure

I sent him my mobile, and his account went offline. Only seconds later, my phone began to ring

"Hello?"

"Baby" Zayn chuckled "hello, how's my little pup been this past week?"

"Well" I smiled a little

"You sound a little sad, why is that?"

"Just I haven't seen you in a week and a half" I shrugged "last I saw you I... I gave you my virginity, and I haven't really heard from you since"

"I will teach you to stop thinking that way"

"What?"

"So helpless" he said "I have been sorting out our contract. I want to see you today, maybe we could do this over dinner"

"What?"

"The signing" Zayn said "as for the adaptations, I have e