, I didn’t choose to be abducted-then-saved-by-aliens-so-I-live-weirdly-you-shits mood strikes me hard.

“Oh my,” I repeat Estelle’s words.

The statue has my face and my body with hella more muscles. He has some ritualistic robes on and his hands are serene, if that makes any sense.

“When things happen in exact same sequence, we call it a reincarnation,” she kindly explains, my huh face moulding into oh I get it face. “And in case Blaze forgot to tell you, you’re the heir to the Orris throne.”


WHAT THE FUCK.


-

The hours pass by as if I were dreaming them and I’m dressed in weird royal garment. It’s a clash of violet, red and gold, colours of power. They itch on my arse and I am not happy with that as a happy gay.

A happy gay that never got a lay in his eighteen years of life and read Destiel fanfictions but this is a working process. I mean, that animal dude looked like he wanted to kill my ass.

Literally, since I seem to get on his nerves every fucking second.

“Your Majesty,” he growls out, his eyes golden amber now. Wow, is that his true eye colour? “I’ve been asked to escort you to the airship.”

“Huh?” I say brilliantly.

 

Two hours later, I am sat cross-legged in the living room equivalent of the airship, with Blaze’s eyes watching me like a hawk. Didn’t he say something about spliced genes?

“What’s your, um, other species?” I take cautions with my words, my sodded luck with verbal communication a disaster.

“You mean what kind of an animal am I?” He laughs like I amused him. “I’m not a dog, if you want to know that.”

“Oh,” I can literally feel the tension breaking in the air.

“I’m an aerial creature, if you must know,” Zayn’s eyes take that yellowish hue again. “I never met my parents but—”

“MALIK, GET YOUR ARSE BACK HERE!” A shrill, almost feminine voice rings out. “IF HIS MAJESTY—”

“Louis, you inconsiderate prat,” Blaze growls. “Come downstairs, I know you can hear me just fine.”

A short, petit lad with bronze-coloured hair and vivid stormy grey eyes just appears out of no-where. I can see his black wings protruding from his shoulder-blades.

“You arse,” Louis hisses, his eyes taking a non-human shade. “Ooh, he does look like a bottom like my sister said.”

“Apologies, Your Majesty,” Blaze shoots a glare at this Louis. “He has no manners.”

“I can tell,” I glare at Louis, not liking him one bit. “Any reasons why he has wings?”

“He’s my cousin, if you can call him that,” Blaze shrugs. “A black heron.”

“I heard heroin,” I giggle, earning a smile from Blaze—that’s a first. “I think I’m hungry, when’s lunch?”

-

“This smells like burnt caramel,” I wrinkle my nose as the server passes me what looks like garbled up dog poop to me. “I’m very new to alien food, remind you.”

“That was caramel-drizzled hawk meat,” a faceless drone informs him. “Is His Majesty unhappy with our services?”

“Um, I’m just not hungry,” I throw a warning glance at Blaze, who blatantly ignores my looks. “A bit shocked that I’m an heir to an empire, actually.”

“The Empress is not as cold as you think she is,” Estelle giggles, a sound he hates indefinitely. “She lost her many children and now she’s pleased that her cousin is visiting her.”

“I was born in Earth,” I repeat for the thousandth time ever since I got here. “I can’t possibly be related to her.”

“Oh, your great-grandfather was an Essis,” Louis quips in, adding yet another reason why I hate his existence. “He was my father’s godfather.”

“And that’s how I lost what little appetite I had left.”

 

I don’t have to turn around to see that Blaze has followed me down this wretched corridor. Fuck, I’m lost again.

“Your Majesty,” he bows out of formality. “I am to escort you to your chambers.”

“Well, your services are not needed,” I raise my chin to look defiant. “Shoo, I can find my own way.”

“I can smell a lie anywhere,” the voice is interspersed with a low grumble—or a purr? “Let me help you.”

 

I manage to trip over my feet a total of eight times by the time I reach my bed chambers, each time brought back to my feet by my handsome escort. I’m staring into