ever truly see him? This could all go away, don’t hide in your shell, love. You deserve the best; just let it come to you.” Louis cast him one more sad and wary glance before standing on tiptoes and planting a kiss to Zayn’s left cheekbone, feeling a brush of softness when the younger boy closes his eyes in response. Louis let it linger for a few seconds before running to find Harry.

Zayn stood there for a moment, reeling because of what Louis said. His hands flew to his temples and he clenched his eyes shut, exasperated. The tanned boy heaved a sigh, ignoring Paul’s call and went outside. He needed a smoke, really bad.

—-

Later that evening back at the hotel Zayn sat on the room’s balcony brooding, his favorite activity and smoking, another favorite. The pining boy heard a knock at his door and did not move, taking another long breath of the toxic fumes of his expensive cigarettes. All the band mates had a key, he wasn’t getting up for anyone, not even Liam, another lie he told himself. Yet he doesn’t have to get up, the door already opening a certain someone stepping in. Maybe he should be more careful he thinks as he exhales, the grey smoke mixing in with the blue night sky and swirling to meet with the stars. But he recognizes Louis’ footsteps, soft and fast on the plush hotel room carpet.

He doesn’t turn to look at Louis, waiting for the petite boy to plop down next to him on the lounge chair. Without waiting for an invitation Louis did just that, leaning his head on Zayn’s small and rounded shoulders. Zayn could feel the feathered haired boy’s warm breath being exhaled on his shoulder. Sometimes he wished that Louis was Liam so that everything would be easier and they could be this way forever. He explained this once to Louis who just chuckled once and then cooed at him for the next twelve hours. Anyway, Zayn loves Liam too much to even think about anyone else, more than he himself can even fathom.

“Hey Zaynie, I brought you some dinner.” Louis spoke to him softly, being, muffled when he pressed a soft kiss to the shoulder he was previously leaning on. Zayn muttered out appreciative thanks before taking on last nicotine puff and stabbing it out on the ashtray next to him. The boy with the quiff accepted the plate of various meats and vegetables from his friend, eating under watchful eyes. This continued for fifteen minutes, the silence interrupted by the noises of Louis’ mobile, more than likely Harry if Zayn could tell by the tiny smiles on Louis’ face. Zayn crumbled the paper plate before hearing another noise in back of him. Louis turned back first, smiling even wider when he saw Liam standing awkwardly in the doorway, shifting on both legs. Louis subtly squeezed Zayn’s thin wrist before getting up to leave, nodding at Liam as he exited.

“So um, do you want to watch a movie or talk or something?” Liam asked when Zayn turned to him, rubbing his hand on his neck like this was the first time they spent time alone together. Zayn nodded and gestured to the bed with his head. He began to get up slowly, afraid of being alone with the love of his life. He walked to his bed and sat on it, pulling off his boots nervously, feeling Liam’s eyes on him. Trying to avoid starting a conversation, he peeled off both pairs of socks to, flexing his toes in the fluff of the carpet. Finally Liam came to bed, not stretching himself on the opposite side like he usually did, he purposely sat straight up right next to Zayn, broad hands clenching to duvet. Zayn’s ribs pressed to Liam’s solid abs, he could feel Liam take a breath before exhaling.

“So. You know how I told you I had feelings for boys before back at X Factor right.”

Zayn’s lovely head shot straight up, not expecting gentle Liam to be that direct. He met Liam’s gaze and nodded slowly, his caramel eyes meeting with Liam’s mocha ones.

“Well,” Liam bit his lip. “I’m having these sorts of feelings again for another boy and that’s why I broke up with Danielle a few months ago. And this boy is so beautiful that I can’t even imagine that he would love me back. Sometimes he stares at me with love in his eyes but I can never tell if it’s a friendship love or if he wants to be more. He’s becoming distant with me and I just don’t know what to do anymore Zayn.” Liam clenches his hands tighter now.

Zayn just blinks; he fears his heart has stopped and that only Liam’s earth shattering words are keeping him here. Liam continues, slowly shattering Zayn’s heart.

“You know what Zayn. I’m pretty damn sure this boy likes me, even if it is just a little bit. But I’ve been