sure Zayn is enjoying it as much as he clearly is –

He keeps fucking moaning around him, sending vibrations through him that’s going to make this end a lot faster than Zayn would like.

“No,” Zayn moans desperately as Liam’s fingers slide down his own joggers. Liam pulls off with a wet sound, the hand working over him slowing.

“Want me to stop?” he asks, voice hoarse and raw sounding and fuck, Zayn might just come from that alone.

“No,” Zayn gasps, thrusting up into Liam’s fist, urging him to keep going. He reaches out, dragging a thumb over the spit slicking Liam’s chin. “I mean don’t touch yourself. Wanna suck you next, Li.”

They get to homework eventually, but the taste of Liam on his tongue is distracting as he tries to continue reading where they left off, and they end up with books on the floor, Zayn licking into Liam’s mouth with an urgency that always seems to be sparkling between them.

And it doesn’t dissipate, though he’s waiting for it to. Somehow Liam sneaks his way into Zayn’s everyday life, between classes, before work and after practice. They tried the library for homework a few times, but Liam was just as distracting by just being there, a hand always cupped on his thigh and the way he never takes his eyes off of his lips when Zayn’s reading –

So he’s there alone this time, hunched over a book with words blurring together because he’s exhausted. He had gotten off work late the night before and passed out as soon as he landed in the spot of Liam’s bed that had somehow become to feel like his.

And Liam had woken him up with a hot coffee, early enough for him to still shower before going to class. He hadn’t even been disappointed when Zayn told him he had to miss his game that night, because he really needed to catch up on all this work.

It’s only the first semester, he’s only in Intro classes and just the idea of what’s going to come later on is starting to freak him out. He knows he shouldn’t focus on that, focus on the now like his mum always says, but he just can’t stop the thoughts once they’ve entered his conscious.

He really needs to go home.

“You look like you need a break.”

The chair beside him is pulled back, and his vision is filled with a paper bag with the local donut shop logo printed on it and he smells coffee and that blueberry bubblegum Liam picked up chewing.

“I haven’t done anything,” Zayn complains, welcoming the warm cup into his hands. “And I’ve been here two hours.” Okay, he’s done plenty but it’s not close to all of it so it feels like nothing’s been accomplished.

Liam gives him an understanding look, rubbing a thumb over his cheek. That’s the extent of their public affection and Zayn doesn’t mind, but right now he wants to curl against his chest even though he knows if he does that he’ll never finish.

“Ten minutes won’t hurt you, babe,” Liam promises, wiggling a glazed donut in his face. He closes his eyes after he takes a bite, exaggerating a groan that’s really not helping Zayn focus.

“Don’t you have a game?” Zayn asks, snatching the donut with a pout. They’re not supposed to eat in the library but he’s managed a spot way in the back, hidden behind all the book cases. It’s his favorite spot because it’s the quietest, and there aren’t any large windows that he can get trapped staring out of.

“On my way there. Wanted to see you, for good luck.” Liam smirks. “And to tell you the lads are going out to that bar - you know the one with the red writing? Kind of looks like a barn? If you’re down?”

“I should really get this done,” Zayn answers. “But come over after, if you want.”

Liam nods, reaching out again to cup his face. “Everything’s okay, yeah?”

There’s concern there, in the wide of his eyes, the slight pout of his lips and in the tip of his fingertips where they smooth across his jaw. It makes Zayn want to nod, assure him everything is fine but the words roll off his tongue before he can stop them.

Liam listens patiently, fingers tracing circles against Zayn’s skin as he goes on, venting about how overwhelmed about school he is – and how badly he misses his mum. He whispers that part, embarrassed and ashamed because he’s a grown adult who shouldn’t need his mum so much, but Liam only nods like he understands.

“Go see them this weekend,” he suggests, pulling Zayn closer to run his fingers through the messy hair Zayn hadn’