t know the answer. Doesn’t know if he would fuck some other guy if it would get Louis off, like personal porn.



“I just,” he stumbles around his words. His dick is painfully hard and he’s not drunk enough and the guy is staring at them, as if he’s aware of their conversation. Or maybe because they’re acting more than a little inappropriate in an busy part of the club. 



Louis pushes himself away, “It’s okay, Harry.”



And that’s that.


 


—


 


They fuck softly that night. Harry riding Louis, fucking himself deeply, keeping Louis inside and instead grinding, constant pressure on his spot.



“Louis,” this was the wrong time, definitely the wrong time. But the thought keep eating away at Harry and he knew that it would be fruitless to contain it, no reason to. “Louis, did you want that guy to fuck me?” It’s a genuine question masked as dirty talk. “Wanted that guy to fuck me deep while you watched, while you stroked yourself.” Like real-life porn, Harry thinks again. “Bet you’d like that.” It was a joke, the way he said it, poking fun of Louis at the bar, of his words. Of the words that got Harry off so quickly. 



“I can fuck him, if you want.” He would. He would do anything for Louis. 



And the thought of getting Louis off without even touching him was rewarding. The thought of fucking himself on someone else’s dick and shouting Louis’ name is new and exciting.



Harry feels Louis muscles tense, and then with a shout he’s coming.


 


—


 


It’s nothing new, not really.



At least that’s what Harry tells himself. They’ve done something similar. It’s all been leading up to something, and this, this is okay.



Harry has been spread out on the bed before, dildo deep in him, as Louis watches, stroking himself. Usually that ends with Louis in him, but still, similar.



And their little game of people watching and fucking is good, similar.



So this is just combined and then a step further.



Harry scopes out the place first, separated from Louis. They’re at a different bar, a little less seedy but good nonetheless. Harry manages to find a few people that he thinks would be good, and even dances with one of them, pressing their bodies against one another. 



There’s a problem, though. They all look similar to Louis, not terribly so, but enough of a resemblance that it makes Harry itch. They all have brown hair, maybe a few shades off, and blue eyes, not as bright of course. All are a few inches shorter, although there is one bloke who is taller. But he can’t read any of them, doesn’t know if any of them would be okay with fucking Harry and having Louis watch. It’s not exactly something Harry can bring up, can ask casually. And how would you even ask that casually from a casual hook-up?



Hey, wanna fuck? But mind if my boyfriend watches? No. Not like a threesome.



Because it burns something inside of Harry, the thought of another man being fucked by Louis, of Louis getting fucked by someone else. Of those noises that he makes, the little whimpers being pushed out by anyone other than Harry.



It might be a bit hypocritical, probably is. But Harry is doing this for Louis, only because of Louis. He has no real interest in any of the boys he’s been watching outside of Louis. Doesn’t want to fuck them if Louis isn’t watching. That’s what gets him aroused, the thought of Louis watching him getting fucked by some faceless stranger.



Harry’s resigned. Maybe they should go to a sex club, they might find more luck. It might turn out better for all of them, for both of them. 



But just as Harry’s about to order then a drink, something with vodka, Louis comes bounding up, happily bouncing, as he gets on his tippy-toes and murmurs in Harry’s ear, “I found someone.”



And he had. Someone who was willing to fuck Harry while Louis watched.



“Where?” Harry says, turning and scanning the room. He wonders if Louis had considered any of the boys Harry had watched. 



“I’ll show you.” Louis says, taking Harry’s arm and leading him away from the bar. “He’s outside.”



So. They were really doing this. A chill ran up Harry’s spine.



As soon as they stepped outside, Harry scanned the crowd of people that mingled outside, smoking cigarettes. “Who is he?”



“Him.” Louis says, motioning to a guy that Harry had scanned right over and pulling him in the direction. The boy’s hood was pulled up, smoke curling around him as he took drags from a half-gone cigarette