the bed, basically everything you could use for a hiding spot.  Liam pointed to the wardrobe, the other three following his gaze.

“Zayn you win, c’mon down.” The other three smiled when they saw Zayn’s head pop up, Niall waving like an idiot.  “How’d you get up there anyways?”

“Liam helped me up.” Zayn explained but not moving to get off.  The ground was further than he had anticipated and there was no way he was going down.  He’d just have to wait until somebody brought a ladder or something because he wasn’t going to jump down.  Knowing his luck he’d probably break his ankle.

“Can you get down?” Louis asked with a smirk; he was the worst when it came to teasing Zayn.  He loved to remind Zayn on a daily basis on his height difference.  He, for some reason, found it fun to point out the fact that Zayn’s head only reached his shoulder.  Louis was a twat.

“Yes I can get down.” Zayn snapped, and sat up on the wardrobe, letting his feet dangle over the side.  He looked down at the ground with a frown, but he had to prove his point, right?  He took a deep breath before he pushed off of the wardrobe.  He realized the moment that he dropped that-wow, maybe this wasn’t such a good idea.  From the awkward angle he was at he could tell he wasn’t going to land on his feet so he just let gravity work, maybe he’ll manage to walk away with a few bruises.  However, he was surprised when he landed in someone’s arms, a grunt escaping that person’s lips.  Zayn looked up to see it was Louis, who was glaring down at him.

“What was that?” Zayn blinked before stuttering out an answer, still surprised that he didn’t land on the floor like he had expected.  “I-um, I fell?”

“Yeah you fell!  You knew you couldn’t get down without help, ask next time.  You’ll get hurt if you do things like that.” It was more humiliating that this was Louis, the most immature of them all, scolding him as if he were a child.  Zayn blushed and nodded quickly, Louis finally setting him down on the ground before walking away.  He looked over to the other boys who had witnessed that and they all shrugged, Niall only a few seconds away from bursting out laughing.

xxx

You can never question Zayn’s love for their fans because he loved them all, without a doubt.  They got them to where they were, they helped all five of them achieve their dreams.  Without them, they’d just be that group that made it to third place on the X-Factor.

Though he did wonder why they loved to torture him.

The fans were just as bad as Louis, possibly worse.  The amount of times Zayn’s seen pictures teasing him about his height made him want to gag.  He couldn’t really understand what was so funny, so he was born short, whatever, he preferred fun size anyways. 

They were currently performing in Miami, already half way done with the show.  It was time for the Twitter questions and dares, their personal favorite part of their concerts.  It was always fun to see what their fans would ask, especially when it was ridiculous so Niall or Louis could act like fools.  They had just asked the boys about their favorite childhood moments and the boys all gave their answers, spending a minute to figure out exactly where @zayn_centric was sitting.  Once they found the girl and thanked her they moved onto the next one.

@narry_forlyfe12445: Can all of the boys carry Zayn? :) Section B Row 23 Seat 9

Zayn instantly felt his face go bright red-seriously, that was her question?  The crowd’s cheers only seemed to grow louder with approval and amusement.  The Bradford boy glanced over to the boys to see all four of them smirking (he thought they looked evil personally).  He decided that if he could make it far enough backstage, Josh would help defend him against the boys and move on to the next tweet.  So he bolted to his right, only four steps into it when he felt an arm wrap around his waist.  He felt himself being yanked up and pulled over a shoulder.  He could tell that it was Liam and he cursed the younger boy, punching him on the back playfully.

“You can’t run from us Malik!” He heard Niall joke into his microphone, the audience laughing along with him.  Zayn grunted, shifting around so he could be more comfortable; it was hard considering his feet were off the ground and Liam’s shoulder was jabbing him in the hip bone.  He saw Harry walking over and holding his arms out.  Liam had to awkwardly hand Zayn over to Harry, who held him up bridal style since it was easier.  Zayn tried not to focus on the crowd of screaming fans nor on the bright flashes of the cameras aimed right