frowning as the rain above them starts hitting the ground harder.


 


“You’ll catch a cold walking to yours,” he claims, “Come to mine instead?”


 


It sounds like a shitty pick up line. Louis lets himself get picked up.


 


“Okay,” he says, even though Harry’s flat is a mere forty steps closer to the cinema than his own.


 


They run together in the rain, hand in hand, laughing as they get soaked and splashing in puddles to make matter worse.


 


It’s not until they’re in front of Harry’s building when Louis realizes what he’s doing. That is, if Harry was actually asking him what he think he’s asking him. Louis had no problem being a rebound, but being 

Harry’s

? And he was his best friend for God’s sake, he couldn’t just do that, knowing Harry’s vulnerable state.


 


“Um-Harry,” he stops him as he opens the door. The rain is loud behind him and Harry looks pretty with his hair wet. 


 


“Yes?”


 


“What’s… What are we doing?”


 


Harry takes a deep breath and lets it go before wiggling their tangled hands, “Whatever you want, Lou.”


 



Don’t get ahead of yourself there, H.



 


“I don’t want you to think that-”


 


“I don’t think anything, Lou,” Harry interrupts him, “I just know that I want to kiss you. A lot.”


 


Louis swallows audibly and can’t muster up any other words, so he settles for, “Okay.”


 


“Okay?” Harry raises his eyebrows. Louis is stuck in time again. His hair is dripping rainwater onto his nose and the tip of his nose is dripping the same water onto his shoe and Harry is hopping down one step closer to him.


 


“Don’t do anything you’ll regret,” Louis manages to get out. Harry looks upset that Louis would think such a thing, but he doesn’t stop moving towards him.


 


“I’m a single man, I’ll do what I please.” 


 


He gives Louis a small kiss on the cheek and pulls him up the steps, away from the view of the street. They smile at each other shortly. Harry is kissing him. He hopes he’s kissing back.


 


He must be, he assumes, because Harry’s hands have moved to his waist and the back of his neck and he’s turning his head like he wants more. Louis finally has the feeling back in his bones and muscles and body, and he feels himself reach out to grab Harry’s torso and bringing him as close as he can. There’s a tongue in his mouth and teeth that aren’t his biting at his lips.


 


For someone who’s only been single for three hours, Harry sure is thriving. 


 


“I really,” Harry says with a pant as he pulls away from Louis, “Like kissing you.”


 


“Same.”


 


Harry laughs against his mouth and wow, he could get used to that feeling. 


 


“Should we go inside?” Louis suggests, “Before we both catch colds, that is.”


 


He’s dragged through the door of Harry’s building then, and mindlessly follows him up the stairs. His heart is pounding rapidly in his chest, and he feels like it might burst. His whole body feels that way, actually. Louis is going to explode and die. He is going to explode and die and it would all be because of Harry.


 


Harry gets the door open, but doesn’t bother shutting it before he pulls Louis flush against him, pressing his lips onto his like his life depended on it. They’re up against the wall by Harry’s coat hanger, hands roaming and wet coats being shucked off. 


 


“God, why haven’t we done this before?” Harry questions, pressing three quick kisses in a row to his lips. Louis has to hold him away for a moment to gather his thoughts and catch his breath.


 


His hands rested on Harry’s chest and shoulder, the boy looking down at him with parted lips and wide eyes. Louis’ skin was tingling everywhere that Harry touched him, feeling humid and claustrophobic in his damp shirt. 


 


He couldn’t pinpoint the exact emotion he felt at the time. It was all too much to take in--Harry’s body against his, his green eyes searching his own for 

something

, the plumpness of his lips so close to Louis’. It was everything he’d wanted for the last four years of his life. Since the day he met Harry, he wanted this. Yet, contradictory to his as fantasies and desires, a pang of guilt resonated in Louis’ stomach.


 


“Harry,” his voice cracks. Harry’s fingers skim his waist lightly.


 


“What?”


 


“You… You’re sad. I don’t know if you’re thinking right. We can’t.”


 


Harry lets out a breath, a piece of his hair flying away from his face,