his head.

 

"Nothing, go away."

 

The blanket is pulled from over his head though and Zayn glares at Louis. "Did something happen at the bar? Talk to me, lad."

 

Zayn whines and buries his face in the pillow, pushing a leg out to kick at Louis' hip. "Leave me alone."

 

Louis grabs his ankle, stopping him before he can land the next kick and says firmly, "No. I'm not leaving my clearly distressed best mate alone."

 

Zayn groans and turns onto his back, glaring at Louis still. "What's it going to take for you to leave my dorm and let me wallow?"

 

Louis smiles. "Have breakfast with me and Hazza and after you can come back to your dungeon and play damsel in distress all you want."

 

Zayn snorts. "And third wheel it, no thanks."

 

"I'll tell Harry to invite Niall, simple. If you don't come I'll continue to harass you. Choose your fate."

 

Zayn really wants to decline but really doesn't want to talk about what's bothering him more so he climbs out of bed, with more effort than it should take and pulls on nike joggers and a hoodie. He doesn't bother with his hair, something that makes Louis gasp and pull him into a dramatic hug because "you poor thing, it must be something terrible if you don't even want to do your hair" and after Zayn shrugs him off they leave campus.

 

 

::::::::

 

 

Breakfast is relatively nice. Niall is a good distraction and Harry gets better as you get to know him. Harry and Louis also become a bit more tolerable though the random make outs do make Zayn want to gag.

 

The missing feeling in his chest doesn't go away but it becomes a distant thought, still there but humming quietly under everything else. At least for the time being. Louis and Niall have classes after breakfast though, and Harry has a shift at the bakery he works at, so Zayn, being the only one with nothing else to do, starts his walk back to the dorms. He's got his headphones in, listening to something that distracts him slightly from the guilt and confusion that won't seem to leave his mind these last couple of days, and he's right outside his dorms when a hand touches his arm.

 

Zayn jumps a little and turns quickly, pulling out his headphones in the process. He thinks about bolting when he sees who it is but he's frozen to his spot and Liam is looking at him with an everlasting confusion and a bit of hope.

 

Distantly, he notices the way that whole and complete feeling is back, the way that hollowness in his chest feels full again. He doesn't allow himself to give it more than an acknowledgement though, before he shoves it to the side.

 

"Zayn." Liam says, kind of in a sigh. "I was calling you, guess-uh-you couldn't hear me." He adds a bit awkwardly, gesturing to his headphones. He looks nervous and Zayn kind of wants to hug him and run his hand through his hair, sooth him because it's painful to watch him like this.

 

"Yeah, um. Headphones, sorry."

 

Their quiet for a moment, eyes meeting then flicking to the ground or the wall or anything but each other, basically. Zayn is just about to go inside when Liam starts talking again. "I just wanted to talk to you about that night at the pub, I guess. I just-"

 

"Liam, I really have to go-"

 

"No." Liam shakes his head, taking a step closer, a confidence that Zayn can see building in him. It's kind of hot, because well, when Zayn allows himself to notice, Liam's insanely attractive. Tall and broad and biceps that strain his shirts. Ugh.

 

It takes Zayn a moment to remember Liam is still talking.

 

"Tell me the truth, Zayn, please. I need you to- You can't tell me you don't-" Liam cuts off, looking frustrated and stressed and Zayn doesn't want that but now he's put on the spot and he knows the right thing to do, be honest, but being honest is so difficult when the outcome is an eternal binding that he didn't sign up for.

 

"Liam, maybe it's a mistake, I don't-" he tries but Liam makes a stubborn noise that cuts Zayn short.

 

"Don't lie to me." he sort of demands, voice firm but also desperate.

 

He looks quite pained, like he knows Zayn is full of shit but like he's also not sure, like maybe what he's feeling he has mistaken. And then it occurs to Zayn how selfish he's being. He may not desire a soulmate or lifelong commitment, at least not right now, but maybe Liam does and the least Zayn can do is be honest with him so he can find that with someone else. Maybe not the