wants to do to him first, and Zayn is really tired of waiting. He's been waiting all night.

"What is gonna be now, Captain?" he asks, his impossibly long lashes shading sharp cheekbones smudged with black. "Are you just gonna stay there and wait for instructions or are you gonna come here and take the lead?" he says, slowly spreading his thighs to put himself on display.

Liam's eyes drops down Zayn's body, pupils blown out, and there's no way he's missing how hard Zayn already is, the thin material of his briefs concealing very little.

Liam sucks in a breath before springing into action and crawling on the bed, a dangerous spark in his eyes.

He settles between Zayn's spread legs before cupping a hand over him, feeling the length of him underneath his underwear, before placing a feather-light kiss on his stomach.

Zayn bites his lips, a whimper stuck in his throat, dropping his head against the pillow.

"Liam," he whispers and suddenly Liam is gone, hands no longer on Zayn's body, lips too distant from his skin.

Zayn looks at him, a perplexed furrow between his brows, and he's about to ask what's wrong when Liam smirks at him.

"It's Captain," he says, daring him to disagree.

"So this is how it's gonna be," Zayn licks his capped lips once, his heart hammering in his ears. "Okay, Captain. Come back here."

Liam obliges and a second later his hands are back on Zayn, stroking up and down his sides and his lips are on Zayn's, slowly coaxing them open.

It's strange, having Liam fully clothed on top of him, and he feels weirdly exposed in only his underwear, but a moment later Liam is licking into his mouth and grinding against him and Zayn decided he doesn't care as long as this glorious friction doesn't stop.

Liam has other plans, though, and his hands leaves Zayn's sides to travel lower. He hooks his thumbs under the waistband of his briefs and Zayn obediently lifts his hips to allow him to slide them off.

As soon as that last barrier is gone, Liam's fingers wrap around him.

Zayn gasps loudly, the sudden pressure around his dick making him tremble. Liam kisses the wing tattoo on his collarbone, lazily stroking Zayn's length.

"I need—," Zayn whines, fisting a hand in Liam's hair. "Please."

"Tell me what you want me to do," is whispered right against one of his nipples, making him shiver even more. "Want me to blow you? Or I could tease you until you can't take it anymore and then let you come on the uniform," he suggests, never stopping the movement of his hand. It's not even close to what Zayn needs right now and it's driving him mad.

"Would you like that, babe?" Liam goes on. "Or maybe you want something else. Just tell me, Zayn. What do you want me to do to you?"

Zayn doesn't even have to think about it for a second before he answers.

"Fuck me," he pleads. "I need you to fuck me."

"Yeah," Liam agrees and Zayn can feel the smile on his lips against his ribcage. "I can do that too."

Liam stretches over him then, letting go of him to start rummaging in the night-stand drawer. Zayn whimpers again at the loss but Liam uses his free hand to gently brush a finger over Zayn's brow.

"Just give me a sec," he murmurs just before he drops a half empty lube bottle and a condom on the bed. "You're always so needy, love."

Zayn doesn't deny that. It's true, after all. As soon as Liam gets his hands on him, Zayn becomes a wanting mess and he loves it, the way he still craves Liam's body like it's their first time all over again.

Liam kisses him and Zayn tries to push his pants down a bit, just enough to allow him to wrap his hand around Liam's cock and stroke it a couple of time.

Liam deepens the kiss at that, moaning in Zayn's mouth, before breaking the kiss with a growl.

"Turn around for me, babe," he orders right against Zayn's ear, making him shake.

A moment later Liam moves off Zayn's body to give him enough space to turn and Zayn scramble to get on his hands and knees. He can see Liam uncapping the lube in the corner of his eyes but when he looks up and sees Zayn like that the bottle get discarded again.

"Fuck," Liam curses under his breath. "Fuck, you're so beautiful it's unreal," he says and kisses the top of Zayn's spine, right on the fantail tattoo.

Zayn is expecting to feel one of Liam's lube coated finger