s smile again. The next thing he knew, he stood in front of Niall, too close to be unintentional. His surroundings blurred out completely and all he could see were the eyes he had dreamed of for the past weeks. He slowly put his hands on each side of Niall’s head, leaned forward and pressed his lips against Niall’s soft ones.

Next to him he heard someone inhaling sharply and he pulled back. He looked at Harry who stared wide-eyed and mouth gaping at them but then started whooping, together with Louis, who was apparently standing behind him. Zayn only then looked back at Niall, who was staring at him with a mixture of shock and incredulousness. But then a smile spread across his features and Zayn was looking at everything he had always wanted since he first saw the beautiful face of the Irish boy.

i am so sorry that this took so long, but life and school were keeping me quite busy.this isn't as long as the last one but i hope it's still okay.also, please don't pin me down on the facts mentioned in this chapter, i have only once been to the US and have lived in this part for two weeks. it was three years ago, so i'm sorry if anything is wrong, i might have forgotten about it.i promise the next chapter will be up more quickly!! and i'm pretty sure there are only going to be 3 chapters.i hope you enjoy this!

The day that followed was probably the happiest day Zayn’s had in a long time. He usually wasn’t a guy for much PDA, but he was able to sneak in a few kisses when no one was watching them during lunch or in the hallway when they had to go separate ways. But even being able to hold Niall’s hand in public was more than he had ever dared to wish for, but somehow nobody in their school seemed to care about the two lovebirds. When he got home that afternoon, after he was able to get one last proper kiss from Niall in a small corner in one of the hallways, Zayn felt as if he was floating on fluffy clouds and he wouldn’t have to worry about anything in his life ever again.

But in the back of his mind was the constant reminder imprinted, that Niall was going to leave in 2 months and was going to live 8 hours away from him, across a huge ocean. But for the first few days, Zayn was able to ban the thought of Niall leaving him from his thoughts and only thought about the good things the boy was giving him. He wondered how he got so lucky, how a moody guy with a bad boy image like him had the luck to be in love with an actual ray of sunshine who everyone loved.

And yes, there was no denying it anymore at this point. Zayn was in love with Niall. He just wasn’t sure yet, if he should tell him about it or stay silent and safe the both of them the heartbreak that would be sure to follow. Or himself the embarrassment if Niall wasn’t feeling the same.

For now, all he wanted to do was to enjoy the time he could spend with Niall and don’t think about the future.

The second he walked into the door of his home he saw his mum standing in the kitchen and he grinned brightly at her and went to kiss her on the cheek to say hello. Not being used to seeing him this happy after school, his mum immediately asked him what had happened that made him that happy.

“I kissed Niall, Mum. I’m so happy because he’s so great? And he likes me? And I don’t even deserve him because he’s just so good.” He sighed. He still couldn’t fully wrap his head around the fact that he and Niall were officially dating.

“I’m happy for you Zayn. But I want you to be careful, you know. And don’t ever say anything like that again in front of your mother, I think you deserve the world and even more, so of course you deserve Niall if he is the sun to you!” She hugged him tightly. “I love you Zayn, I’m so glad you found someone.”

“Okay, shut up mum, I’m gonna cry if you keep talking like that. Love you too.”

After a bit of procrastinating and thinking even more about Niall, Zayn finally got around to doing his homework he had abandoned for the last two weeks. After he had finished that, his phone rang.

“Hey, I just wanted to hear your voice.” Came Niall’s soft voice through the speakers.

“Hi Babe.” Zayn said, smiling happily. “You missing me already?” He asked jokingly.

“Yeah, to be honest, I really kinda miss you.” Niall answered shyly.

“I actually do miss you too. How’s your family, have you spoken to them since you’ve been away from home? Tell me