pulls out and the mattress dips as he goes to lie beside Zayn, their shoulders the only part left of their bodies touching. The warmth from Liam still lingers on Zayn’s skin but he knows that the feeling is going to subside soon enough. Zayn wants to reach out and touch him, to feel Liam’s skin underneath his fingertips again, but his limbs are heavy like lead and he’s scared Liam might disentangle from him if Zayn tries to hold him.

They stay together like that, both of them panting with drowsy heads. He waits for Liam to get up and leave the room, but instead he rests his hand on Zayn’s stomach, presses his nose to the back of Zayn’s neck. They’re lying close to each other, the kind of closeness Zayn craves at late nights when he’s all alone. Still, Zayn longs to get lost within the spaces of Liam’s arms, to have his warmth next to him as he sleeps, but Zayn doesn’t know how to say, or how to know if Liam wants the same.

Liam’s breaths are slow and deep, Zayn wonders if he’s sleeping. He doesn’t want to turn around in the bed if Liam wakes from his movements. He settles for calling out his name, soft and quiet in the middle of the night.  

“Are you awake?”

 “Almost.” Liam replies, his voice distant and soft, his lips moving against the tattoo in Zayn’s neck.

“What did you mean when you said you didn’t feel like you could be in a relationship?” Zayn wonders. He knows he’s stepping out on thin ice, crossing the boundaries Liam had so carefully set up between them. ‘This is just fooling around, No strings attached alright? Just a bit of fun.’

Liam stays quiet for a while, almost like he decided staying awake for Zayn’s questions wasn’t worth his time and fell asleep.

“I don’t know. I guess I’ve always been the one who has fallen first and too hard and I don’t think anyone would ever fall as deeply in love with me. So I’ve just avoided relationships, I guess.” His voice is quiet, shy almost, so unlike from the usual warm and energetic Liam he knows.

“Don’t you think what we’re doing is a relationship then?” The words slips out of Zayn’s mouth before he can stop them. Immediately, the hand that was resting on Zayn’s stomach slips away and Liam’s lips from Zayn’s neck disappear and everything turns cold, too quickly.

“It’s just sex, Zayn.” It seems as if the warmth inside of Liam’s voice is sucked out, leaving a version of it Zayn has rarely heard before. It’s like he’s put up a barricade between him and Zayn and he doesn’t know how to tear those walls down again. “Maybe we should stop this. Before someone gets hurt.” Liam is pulling on his clothes now, with an urgency, like he needs to get away from Zayn as soon as possible.

The words echo in Zayn’s head. ‘Maybe we should stop this.’ Zayn doesn’t want them to stop. He has come to find that everything he craves lies within Liam’s lips and suddenly losing that, seems impossible.

**

They don’t stop.

 They continue fooling around at late nights in anonymous hotel rooms. It’s quick shags and then poorly made excuses that they have to leave. It’s Zayn drowning, trying to grasp what’s left of his oxygen when he thinks about how Liam looks post-orgasm, his brown eyes soft like caramel, a daydream flickering behind his irises, his cheeks flushed and his hair tousled.  He’s drowning when he thinks about how all that warmth was suddenly gone when Zayn hinted he wanted something more. He’s drowning when he thinks about the fact that he’s kind off in love with Liam.

Zayn knows it would’ve been easier to deal with if Liam wasn’t his best friend, and if they weren’t around each other day in and day out. Maybe he wouldn’t have fallen this hard. But somehow, if he could take it all back and never had slept with Liam for the first time that night, he wouldn’t.

Before, Zayn never quite believed a person could alter you, change the way you move, the way you breathe, forever. – Until he fell in love with Liam. To Zayn, there’s a version of him before Liam, and a version after. Zayn knows that he’ll never be the person he once was, forever altered by the moment Liam walked into his life and made Zayn feel things he didn’t know how to deal with.

**
“Remember how you said you didn’t think anybody could fall deeply in love with you?" Zayn whispers, his voice shaking from the pounding of his heart inside his