fuming boyfriend in shock. Is this the fear Harry's previous boyfriends felt?

"Harry...” He whimpered as he still tried to bring out his loving boyfriend, not this monster that had just emerged.

"Shut up!" Harry screamed and kicked Zayn in the side of the stomach. Zayn groaned as he felt the air get knocked out of him.

"Babe, s-stop...” Zayn coughed as he grabbed his throbbing stomach. Harry didn't stop though. He dropped to his knees and started delivering punch after punch to different spots on Zayn's body that used to be flawless. In his pitch black eyes, he saw that boy that was with Zayn in that club, not the boy who he loves with all his heart that had pulled him out of the dark hole his life had been before.

Harry was breathing heavily as he hovered over a now unconscious, bloodied Zayn. He closed his eyes and counted to ten like he was taught to. When he opened them, he could see clearly now.

He looked down and saw his boyfriend of two years, bloodied on the ground, the bruises Harry caused already starting to faintly form. Harry gasped as he grabbed Zayn's face with his own bloody hand.

"Oh god...” He croaked out as he already felt the tears falling down, mixing with the blood on Zayn's face, causing it to turn a light pink color.

"Za- Oh god, Zayn!" He sobbed loudly as he buried his face into Zayn's neck. He pulled himself away enough to quickly take out his cell phone and call an ambulance, since he saw that Zayn was breathing very slowly. He put his phone back in his pocket and pulled Zayn onto his lap.

"I did- fuck, I didn't mean to!" He cried and pulled the hair out of Zayn's face as he rocked him back and forth in his lap, hoping that help would arrive soon. He constantly whispered weak 'I'm sorrys' into Zayn's ear, his voice cracking on almost everyone.

 

----

 

Harry sobbed as he looked down at his sleeping boyfriend. He held onto Zayn's hand tightly and stroked his other hand through his hair. Zayn's friends and family had left about an hour ago, all of them constantly sending him looks of hatred. They hadn't reported him though; they were decent enough to wait for Zayn's consent to do that. 

Harry felt tears roll continuously his cheeks as he looked at the love of his life in a hospital bed because of him, it's been a few weeks and Zayn's still hasn't woken up. They said it was because of blood loss, all Harry's fault.

"If you were awake right now, you would look at me in disgust; scream at me to get away from you." Harry sniffed. "I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I'm sorry for not being the boyfriend you wanted me to be, I was just scared you would leave me. I love you Zayn, don't forget that." He whispered and left one last lingering, shaky kiss on Zayn's still lips, knowing that he won't be coming back.

Though what Harry didn't know is that Zayn had heard every single word Harry has said. He started trying harder to wake up, knowing that Harry was about to do something he would regret. Zayn's eyes had moved under his eyelids for the first time in weeks just as Harry closed the door.

 

----

 

As soon as Harry got home, he went up to the room Zayn and he used to share; the one he hasn't been able to sleep in without Zayn next to him. He went to his bathroom, looking through his medicine cabinet and grabbing any types of pills he saw. He grabbed them and dumped about three different kinds in his hand. If he's going to do this, he'll make sure he doesn't fail.

He walked to his bedroom and sat down on his bed, on Zayn's side of the bed. He grabbed the glass of water he had gotten earlier from the side table. He looked at both of the items in his hand sighing deeply. He didn't need to write a note, he knew Zayn wouldn't come back to him. He started raising his hand to his mouth but stopped when he heard footsteps come up the stairs quickly.

Harry looked up from his hand and through his tears, saw his boyfriend standing in the doorway, his eyes wide, mouth open as he stared at Harry with a terrified expression.

Harry let out a sob as he looked at him in the doorway; he looked back down at his hand and made up his mind. No, it can't be him, he wouldn't come back, and he’s not real.

Harry quickly raised his hand up to his mouth but before he could pop the pills in, he was tackled to the ground, pills flying everywhere and glass from the cup of water