me. Quickly, before I can tell him off, he unfastens my trousers and slips his hand in, wrapping around my member. I jerk my hips forward, and Zayn doesn't comment on my action. Instead, he starts to stroke me painfully slowly.

  "Arrêtes maintenant, Zayn," even to my own self, I don't sound convincing. "Maintenant..."

  "Je veut te plaisir, Harry..." Zayn's lips reattach to my neck, nibbling and sucking on the tender skin there. "Laisses-moi..."

  And what am I to say nay to that? He continues to stroke my length, raining kisses up and down my neck, as I come undone. I feel the pits of my lower stomach tighten and Zayn just whispers "ne résistes pas, mon chaton..." I moan out his name as I release my seeds over his hand, my breaths uneven and ragged.

  "Told you what I would do to you, chaton."

  I grab for my jacket and flee from his room, not before hearing Zayn say "tu tomberas pour moi, tu seras à moi..."

  Possesive bastard.

  Literally.

~*~

  "Don't lie to me and say that you two didn't do anything, Harold."

  I groan for the fourth time this morn when Louis asks the same question again. Apparently, having the seigneur''s bastard son sweeping me off my feet, to his chambers, is a scandalous act.

  "I told you, Louis, what more do you wish to say? We kissed and that was it. He took my first kiss," I nibble on the pastry one of the maids served us. "He didn't do any of the things he previously have mentioned."

  "Now I'm curious why Amélie was talking about you when I was guarding outside her room, chatting with Mélodie about what their cher frère was doing last night. Something about wooing a young person," Louis arches a brow pointedly. "And if I recall correctly, Zayn returned last night from his travels and saw no one but us."

  "Now now, Louis, there's no need to be nosy," that sodding bastard told his sisters, how awesome. "I told you, we didn't do anything past the kissing. Other than feeling extremely violated from the kiss, and the fact that he dragged me to his chamber when I was aroused, I'm fine."

  "Keep lying to your best mate all you like, Harry. Sooner or later, I'll find out the truth," Louis' clear blue eyes burn into my green ones. "You aren't supposed to keep secrets from your best mate."

  "You're accusing me of lying to you?" Which is only half true. "I told you, he just wanted to have a little bit of fun with me, which I refused."

  "Monsieur Styles?" An unfamiliar voice calls out to me and I crane my neck to greet her. Dressed in a scarlet robe, she resembles Zayn, the only difference between them being their skin tone. She is pale with almond-shaped hazel eyes, her lips painted dark ruby red.

  Super, elle y va pour Zayn.

  "Bonsoir, Mademoiselle Amélie," Louis bows his head as she beams at us. "I hope we didn't disturb you, milady." 

  "All's well, Monsieur Tomlinson. Zayn just came back from Saint Pierre et Miquelson last night and he told me how Monsieur Styles escored him back to his chambers last night. He asked me to tell him he wishes to see him in his room," Amélia turns her gaze towards me, her lips curling into a smile. "Are you free this morn?"

  "Monseigneur hasn't assigned me to any other thing, mademoiselle. I shall answer his summon soon after."

  "I'll tell my père that you're excused from any duties, as per Zayn's requests." Amélia turns around, clearly expecting me to follow her to Zayn's chamber. I mutter a quick adieu to Louis, who opens his mouth to say something before I give him a "just shut it" look, heading towards Zayn's room. 

  When I reach Zayn's chamber, I get greeted by a pair of lips descending onto mine, a strong arm wrapping around my waist, pulling me closer to him. I let out startled moans as he pulls away, chuckling at my reaction.

 "Mon chaton, clearly you knew it was me?" I hear heels clicking away from the chamber, indicating Amélia left us alone. "As you clearly know, I'm the only one who occupies this room."

  "Other than your whores, you mean," I spit out venomously, pulling myself away from his grasp. "What do you want from me?"

  "I just wanted to talk, mon chaton," he pouts, his plump bottom lip jutting out, looking insanely adorable. Nope, I'm not going to fall for that.

  "Would you quit calling me your kitten?" I snap at him, my palms flat against his chest. "Why