with too much teeth as Liam tugs his clothes down to his thighs, making his prick slap wetly against his navel. He takes Liam's hands into his own before he can touch him, even though he aches for him to.

Zayn pins their hands above them on the seat, tilting forward to kiss Liam deeper as he clumsily slips back into Zayn’s lap. He bruises a kiss to Liam's mouth, teeth nipping at his bottom lip until the whine in Liam's throat tells him it will be purpled later on. He loves that, the leftover mark of a hard kiss on Liam's lips, how easily they purple and swell from just a bit of time spent on them. And Zayn could spend hours kissing Liam, and has -

Lazy kisses with gentle hands, only touching just to feel as much of Liam as he can but never to work him up. After a long day and a need just to be consumed by the other. He likes those moments with Liam just as much as these ones.

“Quiet,” Zayn groans when Liam lets out a moan that shatters the silence around them as he presses his hips down against Zayn's, their lengths stitching together. He trembles and shivers all over him, fingers flexing between Zayn's like he needs something to grip onto, leaking out between them as he rolls his hips, rubbing off against Zayn like he is already so close.

“Gonna nut off before I even get me dick in you babe,” Zayn moans quietly against his jaw, nudging his head back with his nose so he can lick at the tendons of his throat. He sucks softly at the birthmark stained above his collarbone, eliciting another moan from Liam.

“Had this in me f’hours,” Liam says, voice wrecked and high pitched.

Zayn rests his head back, looking up at the way Liam's face contorts as he grinds down against him. Eyes clenched shut and lips pressed tightly like he truly does want to prove he can be quiet.

“Want me now?” Zayn asks tightly, loosening his grip on his hands as Liam’s cock drags against his own. It feels so good, having Liam against him like this. “I can get deeper babe, make you feel good -”

Liam grips onto his hands, biting his lip almost painfully looking as his body stiffens, thighs gripping tight to Zayn’s as he comes. He jerks his hips roughly against Zayn's, shoulders bracketing and his forehead pressing against Zayn's and a sound doesn't leave his lips, only muffles in his throat, face strained from trying to contain it.

“Fuck babe, look at you,” Zayn moans, fighting back against Liam's hold on his hands so he can wrap his arms around Liam's waist. Liam's palms come down to his cheeks, pulling Zayn into a kiss as he rides off his orgasm against him, streaking out across Zayn’s navel and his own.

He lets out the held back moans with a tongue snaking between Zayn’s lips, hips still working down against his, their skin sticky and messy. His hands warm down Zayn's arms, rubbing down his chest and tickling all over his sides like he needs to touch as much as he can to calm the shiver running through him. Zayn smoothes hands undershirt, soaking in the warmth his sweaty skin holds.

Liam pulls away from their kiss abruptly,  cupping a hand under Zayn’s chin and thumbing at his swollen feeling bottom lip, the movement of his hips coming to a stop. His voice is raw with arousal, hoarse sounding and it makes Zayn press closer to man in his lap. “Want you, yeah.”

Zayn gives him a lopsided grin as he reaches between them, sliding his fingers over Liam's already half hard prick. He is so wet it drives him mad, his thumb sliding over the slit before he eases his hand down his length, a slick sound filling the compartment as he works his hand over Liam.

“Want me how?” Zayn murmurs, eyes intent on Liam’s as he tightens his grip, addicted to the feel of Liam hardening against his palm.

“Fuck can I -” Liam's eyes flutter shut as he moans softly, sliding his fingers through Zayn's hair. He knows his lazy quiff probably looks ruined now, just like Liam's - his curls falling in front of his forehead and damp with sweat. “Can I show you?”

“Yeah,” Zayn breathes, sounding as ruined as he feels. He doesn't want to let Liam go, but he does, allowing Liam to remove him from his lap once again.

Zayn cups a hand around himself just to ease the tension building inside of him as he watches the way Liam turns back around, arm curved behind him as he removes the toy slowly. The noise outside is louder, laughter sounding through the compartment door but he can still hear the soft moan leaving Liam's lips.

He makes a mental note of where Liam places the plug so he can make sure to get it before they