volume. He understood the concern and was normally very apologetic to Zayn. Then Zayn would sigh and help him into bed, mumbling that they would talk about it in the morning. Unfortunately he was tired and buzzed, skewing his judgement. He was in no mood to deal with him.

“I went out for a few drinks, okay?! Sorry I didn’t check in, dad, but I thought it would be okay. Gosh Zayn, you aren’t my wife or my mother. I’m twenty-six years old. I can take care of myself!” He glared at Zayn, whose mouth was agape in surprise, while his eyes shone with obvious hurt. Liam whirled away from it, slamming the tea kettle on the counter and throwing Zayn’s special teacup, given to him by his late grandmother, into the sink, smirking as it shattered. He rounded on Zayn, anger boiling over. Zayn looked just as shattered as his broken teacup, tears pooling in his eyes, arms wrapped around his small frame in defense. Liam rubbed his temples, head pounding.

“Forget about your damn tea I’m going to bed.” Liam turned and stormed up the stairs.

Zayn receives 25 days of mystery gifts that are exactly what he wants. He has no clue his "secret admirer" is closer than he thinks. 

(or the one where Louis makes them be each others Secret Santas and Liam can't help but use this to his advantage)

Liam was the romantic one. The thoughtful one. The giver of the group. For his first girlfriend, he took her to see her favorite band, after a dinner in a five star diner with red wine. Red. Wine. And it was only their first anniversary. Of course, life set in and, with their busy schedules as boyband member and backup dancer, ended things before it really got to them. Liam of course ending things lovingly and with promises to keep in touch. Which they did.


He got a tattoo dedicated to the group. And not some little image on his arm or hand. Four giant blocky arrows, chevrons, inked on his forearm. Liam had explained, quite proudly, that each arrow represented his four new brothers. Harry had loved it instantly, while Louis thought it was sappy. Liam had given them each a hug and then proceeding to finish the song he was working on.

Zayn wasn't sure why, but Liam seemed to favor him, out of everyone in the group. He was really surprised since there was Niall, who was the lovable one, Harry who was the cheeky fun one, and Louis who was the mischievous one. Maybe it was Liam trying to include him in the band, being the amazing person he was.


Louis said it was more like Liam saw bits of himself in Zayn and a whole bunch of sappy shit that Zayn found hard to believe. Sure they were both shy in the beginning. 16 years old and being thrown into this band together. Zayn saw himself as more as an inconvenience and possible annoyance to the group. His moody attitude, habit of being late to everything, grumbling and snapping at everyone until he had his coffee and really woke up (making their eyes go wide and his head hurt). He wasn't romantic. He wasn't kind (not like Liam anyway). He wasn't selfish. Zayn loved the boys with all his heart. Drew little cartoons of them and gave up his reading to play footie with Louis or Scrabble with Harry. But Liam did things because he sought to make their day.


Zayn just wasn't like that. 

 

On the first day of December, Zayn found a present. Louis had implemented a game of Secret Santa (one of his better ideas actually). 25 days of little gifts leading up to one final real gift. But he had received his Secret Santa gift that morning. A Spiderman toothbrush and minty toothpaste (he had a strong feeling it was Louis that was his Secret Santa since he always complained about Zayn’s morning breath.) 

What was this present?

He gently set his Secret Santa gift for Harry on his bunk; a cute fruit themed notebook and a silly blue fountain pen for writing songs down in and gingerly picked up his mystery present. It was tiny, like those boxes used for earrings in a jewelry commercial. He tore into it, excitement bubbling over. He had had his eye on a pair of small hoops earlier that week. He opened the velvet black box to reveal those exact earrings, silver and glinting under the dim lights of the tour bus. They had to cost a hefty amount since they were from Tiffany’s. Glancing around, he pulled one out and looked at it. Then he saw a note.

Zayn,

I hope these were what you wanted. I’m no good at this secret thing I guess. I know I kind of suck at this but here we go:

You make me smile all the time.


Your eyes. Your smile. Your laugh.


I love your witty words and lyrics too.


These are just some things I love about