pressure to his palm, gently rubbing Liam through his joggers until he feels him twitch against his hand. It doesn’t take much to get Liam hard, especially like this - with the chance of being caught.


He gets off on it.


“Babe,” Liam whispers, voice hoarse with arousal and Zayn bites hard on his bottom lip not to moan in response. He loves when Liam’s voice drops like that, deeper and his accent thicker.

“Shh,” Zayn hums, pressing his lips to Liam’s ear. He moans quietly, hoping it actually is quiet since he can’t be sure -

“Is Louis already at the cabin?” Harry interrupts, turning down the music some as Zayn pulls his face away from Liam to make sure Harry isn’t turning around to look at them, but he keeps their shoulders pressed together and the movement of his hand going. Being tangled together like this is nothing new, nothing their friends will think as strange.

They always talk about how gross the two of them are, latched to each other’s sides and unable to stop touching, kissing each other and it makes Zayn laugh in embarrassment because they are right.

“I think,” Zayn responds as he grips at Liam, feeling how hard he is already under his palm. The sound Liam makes is quiet, just a shattered breath whispering past his lips and Zayn grins before he rubs his palm up Liam’s length, dragging the material against his prick and hoping it is enough friction to shoot arousal through Liam.  

“Hope so, ‘cause he insisted on driving by himself,” Harry goes on, clicking his teeth. “It isn’t safe, and you know he drives recklessly.”

Niall says something, but Zayn loses focuses as he scratches his fingers under the brim of Liam’s joggers, tickling against his briefs before he slips his fingers under those too and feels the coarse hair underneath. Liam spreads his legs more, hand coming underneath the blanket and sliding underneath his joggers to hold them up like he doesn’t want them to get into Zayn’s way.

Like he is eager for Zayn to get a hand around him while they are only about two feet away from their mates.

Zayn takes his time, running his fingers over Liam's skin, dragging his nails through the coarse hair around the base of his prick. It makes Liam squirm more, his lips pushing out into a pout like he is put off by Zayn's teasing even though Zayn knows he loves it.

He is so wet when Zayn finally touches him where he wants, the tip of his prick soaking against his briefs and dribbling precome against his navel. Zayn rolls his palm around the top of the head before dragging the foreskin down, watching the way Liam’s teeth catch on his bottom lip roughly.

He can see the fast rise and fall of Liam’s chest, can feel the tension in his body as Zayn slowly works his hand over him, enjoying the heavy feel of Liam against his palm. He is careful not to move too fast, knowing how wet Liam gets can cause for a noisy wank.

“Are we almost there?” Niall asks, cutting off Harry’s ‘you gotta squeeze a little, squeeze a little, tease a little more.’ He takes a sharp turn that makes Zayn press closer into Liam’s side and Zayn grins, tightening his grip some before he leans closer to him to press an opened mouth kiss to the corner of Liam’s mouth. Liam doesn't turn towards him, lips pressed tightly together as he faces forward like he is afraid he might break and let out a sound. 

Zayn wishes they were almost there too, because as much as he likes to tease Liam, his own prick plumps underneath his briefs and he desperately wants to feel Liam’s hand around him too. Or his mouth, or anything really -

“You’re driving,” Harry reminds him with a laugh. “Shouldn’t you know?”

“You have the GPS, arse,” Niall retorts, swerving on the road some. He cusses quietly as he jerks the car back onto the road.

Liam’s eyes flutter shut, his face contorting in pleasure as Zayn twists his wrist and slicks his length with precome. His legs close some, like a reflex and he can feel the muscles of the inside of his thighs flex where they tighten against his fist. Zayn is thankful it is dark, though he wants to see the way the crease between Liam’s thick brow deepens and the way his lips pout out as he tries to keep in the sound rumbling in his throat.

Everything around them darkens as they turn onto a back road, the street lights disappearing and there is only a few house lights that barely light up the road here and there. Harry changes the song, his voice dropping lower than it normally is as he sings along.

Liam practically trembles against him, his arm tightening around Zayn’s shoulders and fingers flexing against Zayn’s chest like he needs something to grip onto. His hips roll up towards Zayn’s fist,