, and Zayn turns away. 

"He's as miserable as Louis," Christianna says. "He feels as if Eleanor's better than he is, and his self-confidence is ruined."

Zayn puts his head in his hands, struggling to process everything that had just happened. 

His mind flies to someone else and he fights nausea, thinking that they surely were fine without him. 

"I want to see Niall."

"Zayn Malik, I do not think that is-"

"Show me!" Zayn yells, facing the angel angrily. "I want to see him!" 

Christianna dips her head slightly and takes Zayn's hand. They fly to somewhere cold and dark, and Zayn shivers. He turns and trips, knees hitting stone. 

It's a headstone. He kneels down and looks at it's smooth surface. 

Niall James Horan, aged eighteen.

He stumbles back with a cry, horror flooding through him. Niall's dead?

Christianna steps by him, emanating light onto the headstone, and Zayn reads the entire epitaph, ice rushing through his veins. It can't be right. How could that happen?

"H-how?" he forces out finally, and Christianna sighs. 

"At age twelve, Niall realized he was different. He quickly found out that it was his attraction to boys. When he confessed it to his mother, she accepted it, as did his father and brother. However, children at his school quickly found out and beat him down, verbally and physically. He found an outlet and used it."

Christianna takes Zayn's hand and brings them to a small house and a small room, dim light shining on the bowed back of a young boy. Zayn quickly recognizes Niall at age thirteen, bent over something. He walks around the boy and freezes in horror at the sight of a blade dragging through his skin, watching the boy unflinchingly wipe at the bloody wounds with a wet towel. There are no tears, no shuddering sobs- just empty coldness. 

"Show me more of him," Zayn begs, "help me understand!"

"Are you sure?" Christianna asks, and Zayn nods. 

"I want to see everything I can," he says. Christianna dips her head in acquiescence and suddenly Niall is seven years old, sitting quiet and subdued on a couch. His father sits by him and sets a guitar in his lap, smiling and pulling his arms into position. Guiding the boy's fingers, he helps him strum a chord. 

The effect on Niall's face is instantaneous. His quiet stare merges into a wide, bright smile and his eyes shine as he begs to play more. 

Zayn smiles too until he remembers the tombstone. 

"Please," he says, "continue."

"As you wish," Christianna says, and moves them again. 

Thirteen year old Niall ducks out of a classroom, clutching his school books to his chest and hurrying down the halls. 

"Faggot," a few voices hiss, and Niall's face twists with hurt, but he moves on, reaching his locker. He opens it, humming to himself. 

"Are you gonna burst into song, now?" a taunting voice asks, and Niall squeezes his eyes shut for a moment before turning around slowly. 

"Hello," he says softly to the large boy behind him. A fist is raised and Zayn steps forward, only to walk through the boy. He shivers, eyes wide at the strange feeling when he turns around again. 

He turns away as the first blow falls. Christianna takes them off without being asked. 

This time they're at Niall's house again, in his room. He's writing something on his desk, tears falling down his cheeks and his body shaking with suppressed sobs as he writes his dream out. After the last word is written, he pulls shaking hands to his face and cries. Zayn reaches out before remembering that his hand will simply go through the boy. 

Niall finally calms himself and goes to his backpack, unzipping it and pulling out books, his face back to normal except his red eyes. He pulls out a slip of paper with a confused look on his face, and opens it. A moment later Zayn is stepping forward to read it as Niall drops it and rummages frantically through his bag, pulling out a razor and locking the door. 

Zayn reads the words as Niall drags the razor over his arms and then legs, and finds that the piece of paper is addressed to Niall, covered in every horrible name imaginable. He's horrified to find that it's signed by multiple children, all of whom are telling Niall why his dream is unattainable. 

Tears in his own eyes, Zayn turns to Christianna. 

"Can I leave him a note? I won't sign it, I just- he needs-"

"Alright," said Christianna. "Write it on the notepad on his desk and be quick."

"Thank you," Zayn says, and runs over. He tries not to overthink what he writes. 

/Niall-
Don't listen to the mockers. Your dream IS attainable,