alright. I can’t help but appreciate the goods when they’re there, I’m only human.” 

Louis rolled her eyes but gasped softly when she felt Zayn press a soft kiss just under her naval, her lips so close to where she wanted them most of all.

Zayn blushed softly, her confidence leaving for a small moment as she looked up at Louis from where she was awkwardly bent down to reach her stomach with Louis up on her knees straddling her. “Louis,” she started, her thumbs digging in to the small dimples at the bottom of the girl’s back. “I want you to ride my face.” 

She heard Louis gasp above her, and when she looked to meet her eyes, she saw a fire in them that almost made her come then and there. “Fuck, you serious?” 

“Never more serious, babe,” Zayn promised, giving her a small smile which she wasn’t positive was to reassure more herself, or Louis. 

“No one’s ever let me before,” Louis smiled softly, her hips nudging forward, “I’ve always wanted to try it though.” 

Zayn smiled, her hands sliding up to rest on Louis’ hips as she started to lay on her back, her head propped by a pillow. “Aren’t you lucky you have me, then?” 

She watched as Louis shook her head fondly with a grin, pushing her hair back over her shoulder before she started shuffing herself to hover over Zayn’s face, the girl pressing soft kisses to the inside of her thigh as soon as she was close enough to do so. “Jesus Christ, Zayn,” Louis laughed, stroking at Zayn’s hair softly, “I’m going to like, sit down now, are you ready?” 

“Always ready for you, Lou,” Zayn said, arching her head up to give a teasing lick along her slit. 

Louis gasped above her, biting her lip straight into her mouth, and grabbing Zayn’s hair softly with the other to push her head back down. “Fuckin’ tease, you are.” 

As soon as she saw the smirk taking its place on Zayn’s face, Louis sunk herself down. “Oh- fuck,” she muttered, hips jerking forward as her clit brushed on Zayn’s nose and, taking her sign to start, Zayn’s tongue pressed up against her. 

A stream of curses tumbled from Louis’ mouth as she started to gyrate her hips on Zayn’s face slowly, teasing herself how she liked it. Her hand clenched in Zayn’s hair tight, the other steadying herself on the headboard while Zayn’s tongue started moving against the rolls of her hips. 

Louis made the mistake then to look down, speeding her hips up on Zayn’s face with long, drawn out moans falling from her lips. Zayn on the other hand was looking up at her, eyes wide and blown with black, while her cheeks were flushed from how turned on she obviously was. Louis tried not to cry out from that alone. 

“Shit, shit, press your tongue flat,” she said softly, smirking when Zayn did as she said, and she rolled her hips down harder. “Yes,” she murmured under her breath as her clenched fist in Zayn’s hair tugged her head up and closer, earning her a surprising moan from Zayn. 

Her hips rode down with a lot more gusto then, Louis finally getting the real hang of what to do. Zayn brought her hands up to Louis’ arse to cup it, alternating between squeezing it and using it to bring her closer so she could get her tongue deeper inside of Louis, or to suck at Louis’ clit harder. 

Louis groaned at the feeling, her hips almost having a mind of their own as she used Zayn’s face for herself. Zayn’s fingers dug into her arse, her nails leaving crescent shaped marks that Louis could feel were going to be there for days. “God, you’re- you’re fucking made for this,” Louis groaned out, tugging Zayn’s hair harder to get her closer when her tongue had flicked teasingly onto her clit. 

“You fucking love this,” she said, her words shaking at Zayn suddenly taking that as a good time to suck her clit into her mouth and drive her tongue against it more thoroughly. 

“Shit, I’m- I’m so close,” Louis cried out, driving herself down onto Zayn desperately, Zayn’s tongue lapping at her eagerly. 

When Louis went over the edge, it was to Zayn slipping a finger inside of her as she teased at her clit with her tongue. Louis could have screamed from the intensity of her climax, but instead she bit her lip to keep her noises minimal. 

She came down from it to the feeling of Zayn lapping at her juices and at the crease of her thigh softly. Her eyes darkened when she saw that all around Zayn’s mouth was wet from Louis’ own juices, and she tried not to moan aloud at how hot that image was. “Fuck