, and he's not exactly bad-looking either.

So, Liam found himself nervously walking up to this boy, this boy who is completely better than Liam in every way. It only took a warm smile from Zayn for Liam's nerves to subside. He walked up to Zayn, put out his hand for the lad to take, with an optimistic, "Hi, my name is Liam Payne". 

 

"Hi, Liam. I'm Zayn. What can I do for you?" Zayn said, taking Liam's hand in his own. Liam noted that Zayn had a bird tattoo on his hand. Liam looked back up into Zayn's eyes and man, they were much prettier up close. Liam blushed, retreating his hand. 

 

"Uh, I'm a writer for the Wolverhampton Times." Zayn smiled, nodding.

 

"Oh, a writer. That's sick, man. I wish I could write. Go on, yeah?" Liam really liked Zayn already. He was beautiful, an artist, and he just seemed like a generally cool person.

 

"I was just wondering, like, I've seen your work and you're really good. I was wondering if I could possibly interview you for the paper?" 

 

"Oh, yeah. Sure, when are you free?" Zayn asked cheerfully. Liam grinned widely.

 

"Thank you so much, Zayn. My boss would have my hind end if you would've said no." Zayn chuckled and Liam swears it was the most beautiful thing he's heard in a long time.

 

"Ahh, it's okay. It's really no trouble. When do you want to do it?" 

 

"Um, is now okay? I really have to get this article ready for next week, I'm two weeks behind." Zayn smiled.

 

"Yeah, yeah. That's fine. Today's fine. I can't do it right now just bec-"

 

"Go ahead, Zayn. I'll cover for ya." The man in the blue suit said, putting his arm around Zayn. Zayn looked at me and shrugged.


 


"Shall we, then?" He asked. 

 

"Uh, yeah! Yeah, definitely." Liam followed Zayn downstairs, scared to say anything as he might say something stupid. 

 

"Do you have a ride?"

 

"Uh, no. I walked here. Is that a problem?" Zayn smirked, running his tongue over his bottom lip.

 

"Not at all. I have a ride. I was just wondering because I didn't want you to have to leave your car here or something."

 

"No, no. I walked. I work in that little shop around the corner. Not far."

 

"Oh, nice. You know, I always wanted to be an English teacher."

 

"Really?"

 

"Yeah, it's kind of like being a writer, yeah?"

 

"Actually, no." Zayn chuckled, running a hand over his tummy.

 

"Now I've just embarrassed myself." 

 

"No, you're fine. Don't worry," Liam said, chuckling as a blush crept up Zayn's neck. "I guess it kind of is like being a writer. The jobs are much different though." 

 

As the two approached Zayn's car, Zayn spoke up.

 

"Hope you don't mind, my car's a mess." Zayn said, getting in the driver's seat.

 

"It's okay. I don't mind it." 

 

The drive to Zayn's was quiet, but it was comfortable. The radio was on but at a low volume. Liam just admired the nature as it rolled by his window. As they got to Zayn's house, Liam was shocked at how big Zayn's house was.

 

"Do you live here on your own?" He asked Zayn, getting out of the car.

 

"Yeah, all by myself." 

 

"Your house is huge, mate!" Zayn chuckled.

 

"Thanks. Get a lot of money having my art in the museum."

 

"Really?"

 

"If people buy, yeah." Zayn walked Liam up to the door, unlocking it and allowing them both inside. "Sorry for the mess."

 

"Mess? What mess? Your house is insane, man. It's so nice." Zayn smirked, chewing his lip.

 

"Here, come on. I'll show you my favorite room." Zayn led Liam up the stairs and into a fairly big room with bright green walls and graffiti artworks scattered all across the floor. The floor was covered entirely in large paper and there was a random chair sitting in the back. Art and paint cans were thrown in various directions and he had posters littering the walls. 

 

"Wow, Zayn, this is-"

 

"I thought we could do the interview in here." Zayn said, a smirk etched on his pretty features. 

 

"What?" Liam asked, staring around the room. Zayn snapped his fingers in Liam's face, causing him to focus.

 

"The interview?" Zayn