But they don’t, because Liam’s teeth keep digging into his bottom lip, tongue flicking out to lick over the marks left behind. And Zayn knows Liam well, probably better than anyone.

He knows it’s okay.

"You don’t?" Zayn quirks a brow. "Haven’t ever thought about it? Like, I dunno Li, just what it would be like if I kissed you?" Because sometimes Zayn swears that’s all he thinks about -

Liam hesitates and shakes his head.

"You’re a bad liar," Zayn murmurs, cupping Liam’s jaw. Liam doesn’t pull away, and it makes his chest tighten.

"M’not," Liam mumbles back stubbornly. His eyes flick down a third - fourth time.

"You don’t have to admit it," Zayn goes on, thumbs rubbing against the warm blush of Liam’s cheeks. "Just let me."

Liam still doesn’t move, but he doesn’t respond either and Zayn knows there’s still a chance Liam might shove him off and end their friendship but he just – Liam’s lips are so slick and full and he’s dreamt about those obscene things for so long

"Come on then," Zayn encourages, leaning forward. Their lips brush barely, Zayn’s ghosting over his, giving him the chance to pull away again if he wants to. "Come on."

Zayn feels like he’s suffocating right before he closes the space between them, pushing his lips against Liam. And Liam gasps again, lips parting and slotting with Zayn’s in a way that drives him fucking mad.

So yeah, it’s completely Liam’s fault that his heart pounds in his ears and his lungs beg for oxygen. Because Liam’s not supposed to slide the palm of his hand through Zayn’s hair, pressing firmly against the back of his skull to pull him closer. And he’s definitely not supposed to lick at Zayn’s lips until they part, like he’s desperate to know the taste of Zayn’s mouth.

But fuck, he does and now Zayn’s the one gasping, fingers sliding up to tug at the curls framing Liam’s face.

 

It would probably seem violent if someone were watching them, the way they battle for control over the kiss - lips bruising in a way that makes something jolt down Zayn’s spine. He always wondered how passive Liam would be in bed – he’s so shy and quiet sometimes, but other times when they’re playing around, he pins Zayn down with such ease –

It really fucks with his head.

Liam pushes Zayn back with his body, hands firm on where they’re grabbing at the dip in his back and the back of his head and Zayn’s no longer controlling this or even trying to, malleable in those soft palms, under those swollen lips.

"Liam," Zayn gasps when his back presses against the hard wall.

"This is what you wanted?" Liam says roughly and Zayn has to bite his tongue as not to react to how the sound of his voice, hoarse and low, goes straight to where his cock is starting to fatten pressed under his briefs. Liam slots his lips with Zayn’s instead of going on, blanketing his smaller frame with that toned chest, strong arms bracketing his head where it rests against the wall.

Liam’s tongue is sticky sweet with the taste of the soda they had been sharing and Zayn thinks it tastes better this way. He licks into Liam’s mouth, trying to coax as many groans from the other boy as he can. He’s in love with Liam’s soft, hoarse sounding voice in the morning, his falsettos and his laugh, but right now, these sounds may be his favorite.

Liam’s lips catch on Zayn’s tongue, and he sucks gently, pulling it into his mouth and fuck, Zayn’s not supposed to moan so loudly but Liam just groans in response, pushing Zayn harder into the wall until their whole bodies are stitched together.

"Yeah," Zayn says in response to nothing in particular as Liam moves his lips, scraping across his jaw and sucking softer at the base of his throat. His back is warm and a bit sweaty where Zayn dips his fingers under his shirt. He hesitates before slipping the tip of his fingers under the thin material of Liam’s briefs and Liam bites down where his lips are pressed.

“S’okay?” he asks, canting his hips forward into Liam’s. He cups Liam’s head, dragging the boy’s lips back to his own. “You know I got you, yeah?”

“Yeah,” Liam breathes without hesitation. It’s a bit ironic, since it is Zayn whose legs feel like mush and he’s only standing because he’s trapped between the wall and Liam’s body.

He dips his fingers under the material, sliding his fingers across Liam’s soft skin until his fingers are pressing firmly down, pushing Liam