a crash. Turning around, he saw that his bag full of art supplies had fallen onto the floor and one of the paints had spilled. He must have forgotten to zip up his bag properly. Zayn let out an exasperated sigh as he saw the paint start seeping into his carpeted floor. He quickly picked the small container up and felt around for a nearby cloth. 

His hand brushed up against something and he pulled it and dabbed it onto the stain, thinking it was one of the rags he left lying around. Unfortunately, Zayn gasped in horror when he saw that he had used his favourite Marvel tee shirt to wipe up the stain. He held the shirt in front of him, assessing the damage. Of what used to be the logo of the Avengers was now a green blob as if Hulk had thrown up over it. 

Stupid, stupid, stupid, Zayn chanted to himself as he tried to figure out a way to get the stain out. You’d think that being an artist, he would have already known. Sadly, Zayn was hopeless. So, he phoned his mum in hopes of getting her help. A simple phone call turned into a lengthy lecture as his mother scolded him on not being careful enough and told him that this was what happened when he left the family to go live on his own too early. 

After the reassuring his mum that he would not forget to eat dinner and come visit them that weekend, Zayn finally got off the phone and set off to clean the stain. 

Finally, Zayn could go shower. He grabbed his towel and his iPod as he made his way to his bathroom. The first thing he noticed as he set foot into the bathroom was the sound of running water from the other side of the paper thin walls. Shrugging to himself because it wasn’t his business if his neighbour was also showering at the same time he was, he set his iPod onto the dock and shuffled his playlist, letting his music fill the air. 

Singing softly, he shucked off his clothes and hopped into the shower, turning the water on. He let himself get lost under the showerhead, enjoying the hot water running down his back that was loosening his muscles knotted up by stress. The music was also helping and like every other normal person, he pretended to have a concert in the shower.

He started off softly, crooning the words of Sam Smith’s Stay With Me slowly to himself. But when Beyonce’s Singe Ladies came on, he forgot the pretenses of the paper thin walls of the bathroom and the next-door-showering-neighbour and belted out the lyrics with passion, using his shampoo bottle as a microphone. Beyonce was queen and Zayn couldn’t care less if people said that the song was only for girls. Besides, the echo effect in the shower certainly made him feel more Beyonce-like.   

Halfway through the song, the shampoo bottle slipped out of his hands and fell onto the floor and Zayn stopped his singing to pick it up. Grabbing the bottle, his ears picked up the sound of someone else singing from behind the walls. Once he listened closely, that person seemed to be singing Single Ladies too and Zayn was fairly surprised. 

Did that person hear him sing?, he asked himself. He gave himself a mental slap once he remembered that the walls of his bathroom weren’t that thick and of course, that person could hear him. He wasn’t exactly being quiet about it. Oh God, poor sap that had to listen to his damn voice... Cheeks reddening with embarrassment, Zayn quickly finished his shower, wrapped his towel around himself and ran out the bathroom, not before undocking his iPod and bringing it with him.

That wasn’t the first time that Zayn had caught himself singing together with the person next door. For some reason, their showering schedules were so in sync that Zayn found himself singing with the person next door more often than not and he didn’t mind nor was he embarrassed any longer. 

On some days, they would harmonize together on an Ellie Goulding song. Zayn had to admit that the person next door had an amazing voice, able to hit so many notes perfectly and adding their own ad libs. 

On other days, Zayn competed with the person next door. He would belt out better high notes and show off his voice. The person next door seemed to get a drift of what Zayn was doing because they, too, exaggerated their notes and tried to come off as better. Some times, Zayn would admit defeat, seeing as that person was better at singing a certain song than him. Other times, he was determined to win and pulled off every musical trick he could.

Today, Zayn was at the studio, working on another art piece and this time for a charity. Thankfully, he had sold the other painting to some guy with curly hair, a charming smile and weird sparkly boots. God knows what that guy saw in the painting but Zayn gladly sold it, happy to be rid of the abomination.  

As he was mixing his paints, Zayn couldn’t help but wonder what