. 

"Liam. Nice seeing you. Veronica. Buzz off. He's gay." Liam nearly choked on the drink he had finally gotten as Veronica carefully pulled away from him. Zayn shooed her away, telling her to go find someone else. Liam just started at Zayn because what the hell?

"Why...why did you tell her i was gay?" Zayn sighed, waving Louis over. After ordering four more shots, he shrugged.

"To make her leave. She's annoying and clingy after one nighters. Don't bother with her." Liam still thought it was a little harsh but didn't argue. Besides, Zayn had ordered more shots. After they came, Zayn led him to a boots in the back of the club. Secluded. 

"Okay hot shot. What happened?" Liam scoffed. Like it was this guys business. He downed his fifth shot, trying to ignore everything but the way the alcohol burned. Zayn insisted though.

"Broke up with Soph. Wasn't even painful. Just feeling stupid and used. But she got what she wanted." Zayn nodded, knocking back another shot. Liam cringed when a guy sat by him, smelling of sweat. Zayn froze, eyeing the guy and Liam. The guy leaned into Liam, whispering loudly about how hot he was and if he wanted to get out of there. Before Liam could say a word, Zayn spoke up.

"Get. Off. Prick. Can't you see he's TAKEN?!" Zayn shouted, grabbing Liam's face and pulling him into a hard kiss. Liam tried to jerk back, but failed. The guy muttered a sorry before running for the door. Zayn sat back, eyes dangerous again. Liam was just dumbfounded. 

"What. Was. That?" Zayn scoffed and glared at Liam like he was stupid. Liam hated that. 

"I just saved your ass again hotshot. Better be thanking me instead of acting like I just told you to write an essay." Liam never, in his twenty one years of life, ever had someone kiss him to scare away a man who obviously had no clue what was happening. It was so strange. Then Zayn stood, pulled Liam to his feet, and led him right out of the club. A taxi ride and mumbled address later and they were at his house. Liam was so tired. Zayn helped him into his house. Then into bed. Liam was out like a light.

--

Three days later and Liam was fired from his internship. Harry was able to get him a job at the bakery. Niall also allowed him to come sing at his small coffee shop for money. It was awful, but Liam needed the extra money. Rather than drink the pain away or sleep around, Liam decided to do something healthier. 

Gym and tattoos. 

The gym thing was covered by his buddy Andy. The tattoo however...

He entered the shop and nodded to Louis. Ever since he and Harry had hooked up at the club, Louis and Liam became pretty decent friends. Enough so that he was allowed to meet this guy named Luke. Not enough to get any information about Zayn. He made his way to the back drawing room, careful to knock (he once walked in on Zayn getting very personal with a slender woman with brown hair) and then entered. Zayn was angrily balling up a piece of paper and chucking it across the room. Liam sighed. 

"No good today Zayn?" Zayn stilled, shoulders stiff, before turning to Liam. His eye were dull and he seemed to need sleep. 

"I'm having artists block. This guy wants a very detailed picture of his dog tattooed on his back but i can't get the damn eye right." Zayn shot up, slammed the chair to the ground, and threw his pens towards Liam. He pulled his hair and cursed in three different languages. Liam was stunned.

Ever since Sophia broke up with him, he'd thought non stop about Zayn. It was weird. Liam wasn't gay. But he couldn't forget the gentle way Zayn had touched his arm. How his tongue poked out whenever he was deeply concentrating. The way Zayn's lips felt against his. Plus, the guy was so hot Liam might actually cry. Especially when he was throwing things and shouting. 

"Zayn can you do a tattoo for me or not?" Zayn turned on Liam, eyes blazing. Liam stood his ground.

"Did you not just see that?! I can't draw right now. I need to tell Louis. Leave. Go out." He began cleaning up, Liam helping. After it was all sorted, Liam sighed.

"It's a phrase. A quote rather. I want it along my other forearm. It will say 'Everything I want but nothing I'll ever need' and will be in fancy script. Please Zayn?" Zayn laughed. Liam smiled. 

"You want a quote on your arm? Babe that's so girly!" Liam shrugged. He knew that. He was getting it to finally close