bags under them. Distaste written all over his body. From his facial expression to his body language. Hunched back and folded arms, giving Liam a full view on his uninked back, showing no individuality of who Harry Styles is.

Harry offers a solemn nod to Liam. He doesn't want to be around anyone right now...but he does want some attention. It's all confusing to him really, what's going on in his mind is confusing.

Liam exhaled a small breath through his mouth and left the bathroom. Harry finally turned upon hearing the soft shut of the door and guessed that Liam hadn't noticed the nod - or maybe he had, but he just can't deal with Harry when he's like this.

No matter.

He stripped himself of his boxers and closed the tap. The entire room silent except for the light fizzing of the bath bomb. Harry stuck a hand in the water and fished for the remaining pink ball that had not yet dissolved and once found, placed it in the corner of the tub where the two ends of the wall met.

He gingerly lowered his body into the hot water, watching the level rise as he submerged more and more of himself in until he was sitting comfortably.

As the water started working on his muscles the door opened again.

Liam was back and not empty handed.

The flowers in his hand were almost nearly enough to bring a smile to Harry's face. Almost but not quite.

"Do you mind? I know you like the smell of them." Liam asked him, leaning on the floor next to the bathtub. He was right. Harry liked the strong almost sickly sweet smell of the bright fuchsia roses that complemented the smell of the bath bomb rather well.

He shook his head and Liam wished that he would speak to him, not just stay mute.

Already having cut off the stems, he dropped the numerous flower heads into the water and watched them drift tranquilly around Harry.

Liam started to undress and Harry pulled his longs legs up to his chest, wrapping his arms around them and hugging himself.

The room was already thick with the steam that had collected, but it was nowhere near as thick as the tension between the two men.

Liam had to bite back his flinch when he stuck a foot in the water that he would describe as boiling. He waited for his skin to adapt and his goosebumps to calm down before stepping the other foot in and opting to give Harry his space and sit opposite him.

He missed Harry - the old Harry. He doesn't know who this person is. He can't explain what happened but it's as if someone took Harry away and replaced him with a robot. Hell, he even looked a bit different to Liam.

Sound of the water moving halted his thoughts and he saw that Harry had extended a hand to him. He wanted him to come closer, to sit behind and hold him like how he used to.

Liam, excited by the small act, slides over to Harry - being careful not to have any of the pink water overflow onto the floor.

He sits behind Harry and pulls his stiff body between his legs. Harry still has his knees to his chest with his arms back in place around them and leans against Liam's thigh.

Liam rubs Harry's back and shoulders, all the places the water can't reach and massages his muscles.

"Why are you still with me?" Harry breaks the silence of the air.

"I love you, that's why."

"Why do you love me?"

"... Why don't you love yourself, Harry?"

"I asked you a question first."

Harry's resting his cheek against his knee and picking away at his old black nail polish that's crumbling away on his thumb.

"I just love you. I've known and loved you for years now. You have a beautiful soul."

Harry snorts a laugh and Liam grows irritated with his attitude.

"Well, why are you still with me?" He asks Harry who merely shrugs.

"You're nice."

"I'm nice?"

"Yea." Harry stretches and leans back against Liam, leaving no space between his chest and his back. He takes Liam's hands and runs them up his torso. He wants to feel something, anything.

"Harry, can't we just talk?" Liam whispers against his shoulder.

"Talk and touch me." Harry whispers back, placing Liam's hands lower on his hips.

"Harry,"

"Please Li," Harry begs. "Just make me feel good." He rests his head on Liam's shoulder, exposing his neck to him as Liam takes him in his hand, slowly stroking him.

At this point Harry's forcing himself to feel good and yelling his body and mind to relax, but it's not working this time, no matter how much love Liam puts in his kisses and touches.

Harry can't suppress the sob that wrecks through his body. Once Liam hears and feels him shake he let