the two or three other times he had given Liam a rose, those times on stage. Liam hadn't gotten it then, may not even think of it now, but Zayn did.

He remembered being so nervous of how Liam would respond. How the audience would react. How their management would react. But everyone was fine, Liam calmly taking it from Zayn each time. When they would get off stage, Liam would ask for a vase and put the roses in it. They lived for about a week after the show, and Zayn noticed that, after the first one, Liam would get a little sad when one died. 

He was jolted from the memories by a tap on the window. He looked to see a young woman, with make-up running down her face, standing outside his door. He rolled down his window and smiled at her softly.

"Are you okay babe?" The woman looked away and shrugged, rubbing her arms and shuffling her feet.

"Actually not really. I just got in a fight with my boyfriend and I got kicked out of the party. I have no money because he took my purse and no car. I am really sorry to impose on your new years but could you drive me to my house? I really am sorry. You know what, never mind." She turned to walk away just as Liam opened the passenger door and slid in the car. Zayn cleared his throat. 

"Wait a minute. I would be happy to give you a ride. Just hop in the back and tell me where to go, yeah?" Zayn smiled as the girl nodded slowly, eyeing Liam in the passenger seat. She slipped in behind Zayn and rattled off her address. 

--

An hour later and Zayn and Liam were finally at the party. As Liam got out, Zayn took a deep breath and made his way over to him.

"For you my love. Happy New Years babe." He handed Liam the rose and pressed a kiss to his cheek. Liam smiled brightly and pulled a box out of his pocket. Zayn bit his lip as Liam pressed the box into his hands, eyes soft and nibbling his lip.

"I wanted to give this too you later but I want to see you open it sober so..." Zayn punched his arm and slowly opened the velvet box.

"Oh babe you didn't-" Zayn felt his eyes tear up. Just over a month ago, Zayn lost the ring that he always wore around his neck. It had been a promise ring. He had bough it for himself shortly after he began dating Perrie. A promise to remain true to who he was, even with the cloud of lies that surrounded him. It also bacame a promise to tell Li the truth because he always looked sad for Zayn when Perrie was brought up, like he knew how Zayn felt. He slipped on the new band, made of gold and so beautiful, just like his last one, and smiled at Liam.

"I noticed you lost yours a while ago, so I went to a jewelry store and asked to see promise rings. The lady showed me a bunch of really, really fancy ones. Then i found this simple gold one. Kind of dull and boring. It wasn't what i was after, but it made me think of yours so I bought it." He shrugged like it wasnt a big deal. Zayn hugged him so tight that he felt his muscles burn a little. 

The ring was, like Liam said, dull gold. Almost brownish. It was his size and and looked a lot like his other one. Then he pulled it off and unhooked the chain around his neck. With Liam's eyes glued to his hands, Zayn slid the ring onto the chain and put it back around his neck. 

"Shall we?"

The party was raging by the time they got in. Louis and Eleanor were laughing, both holding some champagne and leaning against the counter. Harry and some girl Zayn didn't know were dancing on the improvised dance floor with about twenty people. Niall was chatting up some poor girl by the food table. The lights were down and music was blaring from a hired DJ table. Just as Zayn was pulling off his coat, he hesrd Liam greet someone. Turning, he found Louis standing there.

"Hey boys! Welcome to casa de Louis. How was the drive?" Liam chuckled and said fine. Louis glanced at Zayn, who just shrugged and nodded. 

"Sorry about the amount of people and the music. Niall really wanted to go to a club and Harry wanted a party at one of the flats so this was the compromise. Cheers!" Louis sauntered away, hooking his arm around Eleanor and kissing her cheek. Liam laughed. 

"Wanna dance Malik?" Zayn looked at Liam for a long moment before answering. Who did he think he was talking to?

"Liam...I don't really like dancing. You know that." Liam chuckled and pulled Zayn onto the makeshift dance floor. He swiveled his hip and beckoned to Zayn, eyebrow arched and tongue sweeping across his lips.