" They closed the concert, walking towards the backstage. Harry stood up balancing Zayn in his arms, a smile on his face as he followed his hyped up, mates.

As soon as they entered the dressing room Harry knew something was wrong. The alpha was so endorsed in the cuteness of his mates that he forgot about the consequences that awaited him. Steve was standing in the middle of the room, his arms crossed in front of his chest, a furious expression on his face.

"Put him down now!" He yelled vehemently, startling Zayn who jumped off of Harry's grasp, dazed and confused. Harry was quick to catch the omega, securing his arms around him skinny waist, pressing him close to his chest. The alpha looked back at Steve who was giving him the evil eye.

"What the fuck were you thinking?" He threw his hands up, outraged. Harry pulled Zayn closer to himself as he felt the shorter boy quivering under his arms.

" I was tired and well Zayn makes me calm ." He tried to keep his omega away from trouble but Steve knew them all too well, to fall for that. He rolled his eyes, dramatically raising his hands in the air.

"Cut the bullshit styles. I was tired!" He mocked the alpha's tone. Offended Harry looked around his mates who were frowning at the harshness of his tone.

"It's this omega, He ruins everythingI" He pointed at Zayn, making the younger lad cringe into Harry's chest." What the FUCK I'm gonna do now !" He turned pulling onto his hair, clearly exasperated.

"Maybe, you should tell them about us ." Louis retorted, in a spirited manner.

"And make it worse," Steve yelled, jerking his head towards the other omega. " It's bad enough with him being the little pussy all the time." Harry felt anger perk at the base of his throat, as Steve snatched Zayn from his grasp shaking aggressively. The omega whimpered at the rough hold on his arm. " You want me to portray our band as a bunch of gay guys in a fucking relationship! Guess what that doesn't work! " Rage dripped from every word that left his mouth.

" Let go of him." Harry used his alpha voice. Authority or not, Steve had no right to disrespect his omega. When the other alpha did not budge in his place, still holding onto the shorter omega Harry growled, a powerful warning laced to it. He knew that his alpha perks did not work on other alphas but he did not care. He wanted Steve to surrender and that was the only way he knew.

"What? He is a pussy!" Harry breathed through his nose, trying to keep himself calm. " I should've done this a long time ago. Should've gotten rid of you. You good for nothing bastard. " But Steve had a death wish. As soon as he released Zayn, Harry charged on him, blinded by rage. He landed a couple of punches on the Alpha's face before he was being pulled back.

"If you open your mouth one more time. I swore those will be your last words." He threatened the alpha, thrashing to be released. Steve looked stunned, he cowered in his position crawling away from the enraged alpha.

"Harry," Liam growled, trying to keep him from killing the other alpha. Harry jerked away from Liam's grasp walking towards Zayn who stood there stunned to his position.

"Come on, Zee." He picked up the omega, delicately securing his arms around his neck and legs around his waist. Zayn clutched onto his neck, releasing the sob he had been holding in.

"Your fine." Harry walked out the room, patting his head softly. " Your nothing he said. He's the pussy." He mumbled softly in his ears, trying to calm him down. " He's a shithead not to see it. But you're perfect." He breathed out, waiting for the omegas response.

"Love you?" A smile crept up his lips, contentment washing over him. Those two words were the assurance that Harry had been itching for. He bounced the omega on his waist, giving him a firm hug.

"Love you," He replied, softly.

4.

" Liam, please I don't want to go." Zayn sobbed, trying to pull himself out of the seat belt.

" Zayn, baby I know you don't like it but you have to understand." Liam tried to reason with him, prying his small hands off of the seat belt.

" No! He's a meanie, Liam. I don't like him!" Zayn yelled, jumping up and down in the seat.

" Okay, I'll talk to him. Okay! Now stop moving you'll hurt yourself." Liam sighed heavily, as the omega halted in his movements, tears still streaming down his face.

It had practically become a routine. Liam trying to drive Zayn to the swim instructor, while the omega