’t deserve it either, okay, fuck them, knowing you, it’s- it’s a fucking privilege, Lou, don’t listen to them, they don’t know anything.”

It's what he always said. It's what he always had said, and he said it just as much about himself as he did about Louis.

And Louis believed it. His doubts disintegrated. Him and Zayn, they were stronger than that bullshit. No one knew them, no one had the right to fucking know them. All they needed was each other.

Because that was how the saying went, right? When the going gets tough, the tough get ridiculously co-dependent.

And right from the start, you know I got you.


And Louis can’t help but laugh at that lyric, because, yeah, of fucking course he knew that. Of course he knew that, everyone knew that, he never shut up about how much he trusted Zayn, and Zayn was just as bad. He remembers that one video diary, the one the fans latched onto, when Zayn had said all soft and genuine “I’d always save you Louis,” and how overwhelmed it had made Louis feel, the breath knocked out of him, how he hadn’t really known what to do with himself, not with the camera running. It was years ago, but it had stayed true for years. Zayn had always made him feel safe.


Louis was embarrassed. Which was why he was hiding under the stairs. It wasn't ideal, because the possibility of being discovered hiding under the stairs would just increase that embarrassment, but it was a risk he was willing to take.

Liam was practicing, was the thing, and it was like. Louis didn’t get why, they’d already done rehearsals, and okay, it was a big solo, but when did Liam not have a big solo, and see there, right there, that was when the bitterness started leaking into Louis’ argument. He just- he mightn’t have had as strong as a voice as Liam or Zayn, or even Harry, but that didn’t mean he was weak. He got to boot camp off his own back, didn’t he? But- it was the final, next week, and he still hadn’t been given a solo, and he felt stupid to keep expecting it but when he was essentially given the role of backing singer, again, it was- well. Annoying. And he thought he hid it pretty well, didn’t react much, up front, but it was still. Annoying.

He knew Liam wasn’t doing it to show off, even though showing off was something he was prone to do, but it still felt like it was being rubbed in Louis’ face. So he left. He hadn’t been talking to anyone, so it wasn't like he stormed out, but usually if one of them was to leave the room they’d give an explanation, so he knew Niall and Harry were looking at him a bit weird when he did leave.

It was Zayn, of course, who had found him in the end, and Louis was grateful for small blessings. Zayn was the only person he could talk to about this. Harry was too sweet and optimistic to be negative around, and Niall was essentially in the same boat as Louis so he’d've felt a bit rude complaining about it to him, and Liam was too pro-active for his own good, always wanted to solve problems, would tell Louis about all these outlandish vocal exercises he found online and encourage him to talk to the higher ups, as he still called them, even though the rest of the boys were on a first name basis with their “bosses” by this stage.

So he was glad it was Zayn. Zayn was the only one who knew how to deal with Louis, properly.

Right now, Zayn was staring down at him, half amused, half concerned. Louis ripped his gaze away from his friend, refocusing it on the slanted ceiling.

“It just- it fucking sucks-“ and he had to stop speaking because his voice wasn’t that steady and he didn’t realise just how upset about it he was until then.

“I know,” Zayn said, simply, and then he sat beside Louis. He didn’t say anything else. Not even when his shirt got wet from Louis’ tears.


We messed around until we found, the one thing we said we could never ever live without.



Louis just- that lyric's kind of ridiculously transparent. He blushes, remembering that Liam has heard this song. He wonders if it was a bit of a joke, sending it on to him. He wonders if Liam picked up on the same things he’s picking up on now. It’s not just him, right? He’s not just projecting. It wouldn’t make sense for it to be about- He’s the only person