a glare over towards where Zayn – annoyingly blue haired and cool looking – lounged against the wall beside the door to the library. In a clearer voice, he gave his real answer and took a peek into the pan on the stovetop.

Those eggs were nothing like Liam had ever seen before. Two of them were frying, while another few were scrambled together – the yolk was a dark green, almost black, and the rest was festive green.

Liam was about to ask if Niall was sure they were actually edible when Harry walked through the doorway from the dorms, Louis at his side.

Normally, Harry was an odd sight to behold, but today was even more different. His long hair was loose around his throat, tight black pants clung to his legs, and his torso was almost bare save for the white wolf hooded vest that he was wearing; its fur covered his entire back and shoulders, and fangs gleamed from the top of Harry’s head.

“Good morning!” He spoke, cheerful as ever. “Oh, good! We’re having eggs.” He sat down at the table and folded his hands, patiently waiting for their meal to be ready. No one said a word, and he didn’t seem to notice the strange stares he was getting for his choice of wardrobe.

Finally, Liam spoke up. “Harry, um, what the hell are you wearing?”

Louis snorted out a laugh from where he was still standing just inside the doorway.

“It’s a wolf, Liam.” Harry replied, adjusting the way the fur rested against the sides of his chest. “What are you wearing?”

It was a normal enough question, but Liam looked at his own outfit as if offended. He wasn’t sporting any odd apparel, or anything even slightly out of the ordinary as far as he was concerned.

A pair of dark purple, soft cotton harem pants were hanging in folds from his hips. The sweatshirt he had on over top was a plain gray one that he’d found folded at the bottom of his wardrobe. “What’s wrong with what I’m wearing?” He asked, raising his eyes from his outfit to the wolfish boy standing in front of him.

Harry shook his head. “Nothing, Liam, but it’s official now that we have to stop by Nialm in Leo.” At Liam’s subsequent frown, Harry added, “It’s the fashion capital of all the clusters. They’ll be able to help you.” He frowned and shook his head at Liam as if he was seriously disappointed in Liam’s comfortable outfit.

All talk of fashion dropped as soon as Niall declared breakfast was ready.

“Everyone come sit at the table.” He demanded, bringing the large pan of strange eggs over to sit in the center of the dining table.

Out of the corner of his eyes, Liam saw Zayn slinking out of his corner of the room, quiet and leonine as he took the seat at the head of the table. One that should’ve been filled by Niall. Liam felt his Earthly animalistic side rising up, forming a growl in his chest.

Something of it must’ve shown on his face because Niall stepped in front of Liam then, pressing a hand to his chest. “Relax, Liam. Zayn’s in charge of the ship now. He gets to sit in the Captain’s seat.” He spoke in a soft voice that wouldn’t carry the few feet over to the table.

“How can you let him?” Liam replied, taming his voice into a similar whisper. “This is your ship, and you’re just letting him take it over without even putting up a fight?”

Niall shrugged, encircled Liam’s wrist with his fingers, and led him over to his seat at the table. “The ship let him onboard. I figure that means that he’ll be alright to fill the seat of captain.” Liam’s confused from dragged another sentence from Niall. “You don’t actually need authorized DNA to board the ship; that was a lie. You just have to be worthy enough, and I guess it decided Zayn was worthy.” He shrugged.

Liam took his place at the table, but Niall’s words didn’t settle well with him (or maybe it was the bizarre eggs). And again, later in the meal, when Zayn spoke up, his voice sharp and clear in the quiet, Liam felt his stomach roil uncomfortably, but at least it wasn’t him that the words were aimed at.

“Harry, can we talk?”

“We’re talking right now.” Harry didn’t look up from his plate, scooping green egg onto his fork.

Zayn’s gold eyes drifted around the table, before returning to Harry. “Come with me after you’re done eating.” Authority weaponized the already sharp edges of his voice. Harry had no choice but to accept.

“You can come with me,” Louis’s voice was like silk, sliding against Liam’s ear when the smaller