well what'd he say?"

"Um nothing, I didn't really get a chance to talk to him, I just saw him for a second."

Louis feels as if he's Zayn's best friend, but he's just a troublesome kid, always getting on his nerves. Liam! What are you thinking, Lou is your friend, he's one of your closets, besides Harry.

"So you skipping class?" He asked, leaning against a wall.

"No, I can't let that ever happen, I'm an honors student."

"Come on Li, loosen up." He grabbed my arms shacking them. He let go and I began to turn away walking.

"Bye Lou! I gotta get to class!" I waved away.

Danm, how'd Lou already know that Zayn was coming to Minchester. The halls were empty when he helped me, I guess he saw him outside school when he was skipping.

I headed to my next class, only 3 minutes to spare.

Tree~ It's my fault for not uploading this because he's already on chapter 7 so i mean ugghhhh

NotTony~ I feel like this is what happens at my school. Next chapter maybe tomorrow night, I need my privacy to write these. Thanks for reading! Comment and tell me what you think :D!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Zayn Pov:

The next day came; my alarm rang signaling for me to wake up. I rubbed my eyes, heading from my sanctuary of a bed to the cold shower. I reached the bathroom, turning the nob sending the warm water to hit the shower floor. I stripped my body, entering the shower. The warm water pounded against my body and a sigh of relief rushed through my body. After finishing my daily shower, I grabbed the magenta towel and headed to get ready for school. I put on my white polo on and my khakis on with white jordans, and shoved my blue sweater on, heading for the door. I sighed.

Maybe things won’t be too bad. I mean I already have friends, like Harry, Louis, and Niall. And I guess Liam.

I walked to school, taking my time since it was still very early. School didn’t start till 8:15, and it’s only a 20 minute walk. I made my way down my block, my head phones in my ear and my music blasting. I could see two figures a cross the street but ignored them.”Zayn! Zayn!” A voice muffled through my music. I ignored it. “Zayn!” This time it was clear. I pulled out my head phones, looking around for the voice.  I looked across the street to see the two figures once again. One waving towards me, and the other slumped over, hiding away their face. I made out the faces and saw it was Harry and Liam. I waved back, seeing that they crossed the streets to make their way over to me. “Hey, long time no see.” Harry smiled; wrapping is arm around my shoulder. Liam followed on the side of him.

“Hey Harry, hey…Liam” I said looking at both of them. Liam looked down, and Harry’s smile plastered on his face.

“So I hear you go to Minchester now.” Harry said releasing me from his arm.

“Yup.” I said looking down.

“I thought you went you went to an Islamic school?”

“Well things happened and I can’t go.”

“Wha’d you do?”

I looked up shocked “Oh, nothing its just my parents can’t um pay for it anymore.” I stammered.

“Oh….well welcome to Michester.” He said as we saw the massive school in our sight.

“Thanks..I guess.”

“Now come on Zayn, its not that bad here, just different.” We made our way up the cement path and headed toward the front doors. “Maybe we can walk again tomorrow” He said, passing through the metal detector. I shrugged. Liam was behind me, passing through the metal detector after me, his head still down. I headed towards the office. “Meet me at my locker!” Harry called as he and Liam walked away. “It’s #149.” I looked back and nodded towards him. I sighed and entered the office.

“Hi, I’m here to pick up my locker combination and my schedule.” I said , leaving my hands in the top of the secretary’s desk. She nodded searching through her papers. She pulled out 3 papers.

“Here you go. This has your locker combination, schedule, and grades for the teachers to write down.” She said handing me the papers.

“Thank you.” I nodded, heading for the door. I looked at the first paper and read text.

Okay, so my locker is number #151. At least it’s close to Harry’s locker.

I looked at the next page to