a friend and flatmate.

Maybe that’s why he doesn’t continue licking into the pliant boy under him until Harry sees stars. If this is him getting the opportunity to finally see what Harry looks like spaced out and feeling good because of  Louis , then he’s going to draw it out more, savor it.

When he first tries to move his mouth away, Harry whines loudly and tries to hold him there. It takes pinning the boy’s wrists to the bed and kissing him until he’s melting into the duvet again and sighing into Louis’ mouth. “Baby, do you think you’d like to suck me?” he murmurs against pouty pink lips, “Bet your lips would look perfect wrapped around my cock.”

After insisting on a clear, albeit shy, “yes” as an answer, Louis arranges himself on his back, head resting on a pillow meant for neck support and an eager smile on his face. He watches Harry position himself on his knees, snug in between Louis’ own and tucking a curl behind his ear as his glasses slide a bit down his nose.

Harry seems to hesitate, before taking Louis’ neglected cock in hand. Humming happily at the loud groan he caused, the younger lad becomes brave enough to lean down and lick at the crown, testing kitten licks that make Louis’ breath hitch and his stomach tense.

Maybe this was a terrible idea. If Harry keeps sitting there, lips shining with precome when he rubs the head of Louis’ cock against them and licking him like a lolly, he just might come all over those pink framed glasses in too short a time. Never mind that he can see Harry’s pretty pink cock, stiff and twitching where it curves up against the downy hair below his belly button.

“Hazza,  baby  , fuck you-...how are you driving me crazy without actually having my cock in your mouth? Sittin’ there licking me like a goddamn Princess,  Christ .” his eyes roll back when Harry gives him a determined look before sucking the head of Louis’ dick into the hot, wet heat of his mouth. He’s trying to hold his hips still, not wanting to make the poor lad gag from a sudden thrust, though the idea has his prick twitching.

Or maybe that’s from the way Harry’s now swirling his tongue around the crown, running it between the head and foreskin and lighting a fire that races up Louis’ spine and pools low in his abdomen. Louis lets out a cut of whine when the mouth around him starts suckling and bobbing shallowly, gaining confidence and enthusiasm.

It’s not long until Harry’s moaning around his length and going lower with every bob down, gently pulling the foreskin back for better access. Louis’ cock is shiny with spit down to the sparse, soft hair surrounding the base, and he doesn’t think he can take much more of the obscene slurping sounds Harry’s making.

The older man has his hands fisted into the bed cover, but they shoot up to take hold of Harry’s curls when he goes down far enough that the head of Louis’ cock hits the back of his throat. Harry gags, tears spilling from the corners of his eyes and drool dripping heavily from the corners of his mouth as he whines and tries again.

“Fuck, darling, don’t hurt yourself, just...yeah, try sticking your tongue out...go slow love, don’t wann-FUCK! Yeah, just like that,  baby , doing so good for me, look so sinful with a mouth full of my cock.” Louis grunts through gritted teeth, tugging on long silky curls and moaning along with Harry. “Princess, look up at me sweetheart?” Green, glassy eyes look up at him, their owner flattening on his stomach without missing a beat, eager to please.

Louis lowers a hand from Harry’s hair to his cheek, using a thumb to push the drooping glasses back up Harry’s nose. The younger boy is blinks owlishly, pulling off agonizingly slow and giving the tightest suction yet and causing his cheeks to hollow dramatically.

“Lou, would you...I-I’ll finish you off like this if you...if don’t want to but…” Harry sucks his lower lip between his teeth and gives a seemingly nervous jack of his hand around where he still held Louis’ cock, and Louis props himself up slightly on his elbows to give proper attention. “I...never mind, it’s stupid, we can just-”

“Hey, no, what do you want baby? Anything you want, promise I want it more.” Louis holds the younger boy’s chin to make sure their eyes meet, smiling encouragingly down at him. “Don’t be embarrassed love, I literally had my mouth on your arse not a minute ago.” Giving a wink when Harry sputters, he finds himself excited to find out what’s on the other’s mind.

“Well...i-if you want...will you...make love to me?”

The question