. . . . . . . . 

Zayn sat with him through every class that morning, smiling and laughing, but toning it down when Niall seemed to be stuck in his own head. Ned didn't go anywhere near Niall, and Niall didn't know if his words the day before had scared him, or if Zayn intimidated him somehow.

All he knew was that he'd meant what he'd said. 'Go ahead. I don't care.' 

He excused himself to the bathroom and hid in a stall, sitting on the toilet seat and clutching his arms. Yesterday's cuts burned as his hands touched the fabric covering them, and Niall rolled up sleeves. His arms were a wreck. Scars overlapped each other, deep and puckered at the edges. 

He fumbled in his bag, finding the small box of razors and grabbing one. He dug the edge into his right arm, dragging it through the skin and watching the trail of blood following quickly after it. The skin parted and he sighed deeply.
A moment later, however, he realized the bleeding hadn't slowed. Panicking, he dropped the razor and the bag and looked out of the stall. There was no one else around, and he ran to the sink, turning the faucet on and shoving his arm under the running water. It burned, and he hissed in pain. Blood filled the sink bowl, but the blood flow finally started to subside. 

The door opened and Niall's head shot up, his eyes widening. Zayn stood in the doorway, looking unsurprised but worried. He stepped forward and took Niall's arm gently, pulling it out of the sink. Niall looked up at him, watching his eyebrows furrow at the sight of Niall's arm. 

The blood dripped off into the sink, revealing the scars all over Niall's mutilated arm. 

"I'm going to get the first aid kit," Zayn said. "One of the teachers told me there's one in here."

He went to the cabinet on the left and quickly returned with a first aid kit. 

"You might need stitches," Zayn told him quietly. 

"I- I can't," Niall said. 

"Okay," Zayn said. "It might be alright. The bleeding's finally stopped." He pulled the roll of gauze from the kit and began wrapping it around Niall's arm. When he deemed it thick enough, he ripped it and taped it down with the medical tape.

"Thank you," Niall said after Zayn put the kit away. He rolled down his sleeves, unsure of what to do. Zayn smiled sadly. 

"It's alright. Just...let me help. Please."

"How?" Niall asked. "I can't even help myself."

Zayn looked at him, looked him right in the eyes, and Niall felt himself trapped in his gaze. 

He stepped back, going to the stall and putting everything back in his backpack.

"You missed history," Zayn said.

"Okay," Niall said quietly.

"It's lunchtime. Are you coming?"

"I-"

"I'll sit with you. I don't have anyone else to sit with."

"Okay. Yeah. I'll come." Niall slung his bag over his shoulder and followed Zayn out of the bathroom.
. . . . . . . . . . 

Zayn stepped out of the school with Niall, walking beside him through the parking lot.

"Thanks for not saying anything," Niall said. "I know you probably think I'm crazy."

"I don't," Zayn said firmly. "I really don't. I just wish you wouldn't do it."

"I've sort of relied on it for a while..."

"How long?" Zayn asked. 

"Five years," Niall said. 

"Is that what your friend Louis meant about five years?" 

"No! None of them know. It was five years ago that...well, the beating started. That was when I first started getting beaten up. It was also when my parents first started fighting, and when my older brother Greg left."

Zayn looked at him. "I know words fall awfully short, but...I'm sorry."

"It's alright. It's not your fault."

"Well," Zayn said, stopping. "This is my house." 

He looked a little reluctant and Niall felt that odd rush of bravery again. "Hey...I'm hanging out with Li, Louis, and Harry today. Do you want to come?"

"Sure!" Zayn said. "Can I drop my stuff off?"

"How about you meet me at my house?" Niall suggested. "Then we'll walk there. Harry's house is only a ten minute walk away."

"Sounds great. Seeya in a bit!" Zayn ran up the steps to his house and Niall felt himself smiling as he continued on to his own house.

I'm really sorry, but I just haaad to extend this. I hope