, he'd stay right where he is, because Louis never sounds that needy without an ulterior motive. As it is, though, Harry's up and moving before he realizes what he's doing is a very bad idea that's probably going to get him into trouble.

"Okay, Louis," he says. "Open the door and let me in."

The lock clicks before Harry even finishes his sentence. Stepping forward, Harry pushes it open, and then an arm shoots out, fingers fisting in his shirt and roughly tugging him inside the dressing room.

He oomphs as he's pushed against the wall, unable to move, and Louis closes the door, locking it behind him.

"Louis?" he says, looking at him in confusion. 

Louis smirks, plastering his body flush with Harry's, and Harry belatedly realizes that Louis' shirtless, all that deliciously smooth skin visible and making Harry's fingers itch to simply touch.

"You know," Louis says, hands running up Harry's chest and pinching at his nipples through his shirt, "I've always wanted to shag in a dressing room."

Harry just stares, mouth open a little, unable to respond past a gargled sound that's supposed to be a word. Louis fucking played him and Harry, like an idiot, fell for it hook, line, and sinker.

Louis' smirk widens when Harry doesn't respond. "Cat got your tongue, Harry?" he says cheekily, leaning forward and kissing Harry, biting at his tongue before he pulls back. "That's okay; you don't need to talk for this."

With that, Louis slips to his knees, sinfully graceful.

Looking down at Louis kneeling in front of him, Harry thinks he's going to blow his load already. Louis only has those damn leather trousers on (and they're definitely buying them), his tongue poking out of wet, pink lips as he pops the button on Harry's very uncomfortable jeans.

"Louis..." he says, forcing the word out of a dry throat.

"So he can speak," Louis teases, grinning up at him and ignoring Harry’s half-hearted glare. Unzipping Harry's jeans, Louis pulls his dick out, licking his lips. "I guess you liked my little show," Louis says. "But I'm sure you'll like this even more. You'll have to keep quiet so no one hears. Can you do that, Haz? Keep quiet for me?"

Harry nods frantically. He knows this is a bad idea; any moment someone could come in and catch them, but he doesn't care anymore. Adrenaline is flowing through him now, the thought that they're in public turning him on and hitting an exhibition kink that he didn't know he had, and he can’t summon the energy to care about anything else than Louis’ mouth around his cock. The fire alarm could go off and Harry wouldn’t notice.

"Good," Louis says, and he opens his mouth and eagerly swallows Harry's cock, letting him slide right down his throat. Harry smacks a hand over his mouth just in time to muffle his curse, and his knees almost give out at the sudden pleasure. 

Holy fuck, Louis' good at this. Even though Louis sucked him off not even two hours ago when they were at home, his dick has no problem with it happening again. Louis teased him before, keeping him on edge and so close that he thought he’d parse out by the time he finally got to come.

Not now.

Now, Louis is not wasting any time, sucking and licking his dick enthusiastically. It's wet and sloppy and filthy, and Harry's never seen anything as gorgeous as Louis on his knees with his lips stretched around his dick. One hand's jacking the base while the other cups his sac, aiming to make Harry come in an embarrassingly short time.

Unable to stop it, Harry’s hips start moving, pushing his dick further in Louis' mouth, as he gets closer and closer to the edge. He needs to touch Louis – he has. Dropping his hands down, Harry runs his hands through Louis' hair, whispering, "Lou," before he bites his lip. Harry likes to be loud, and it's taking all his self-control to swallow down all the noise he wants to make.

It's good, so, so good, and Harry loves it and Louis and this shouldn't be as hot as it is, and really, Harry can't possibly last. "Louis, Louis," Harry whispers urgently, tugging on Louis' hair, and then he's coming, Harry’s orgasm crashing over him and his body tensing as he releases into Louis' welcoming mouth. 

Louis moans as he swallows Harry’s come, as eager as always which Harry finds ridiculously hot, and when Harry’s finished, Louis lets Harry’s cock slide out of his mouth