a few fans himself.  All sweet to the core, asking him if he was ready to finally see Liam and what they would do when they were alone (that last one was asked by a girl only twelve and it scared him to think that she actually knew about all that).  A few asked for pictures and he smiled for them all, nodding his head and answering politely when they asked a question.

“Are you excited?”

“Of course!”

“Do you guys call each other a lot?”

“Once a day, sometimes twice.”

“Can you tell Liam we love him?”

“He already knows that but I’ll pass along the message.”

There were a lot of camera flashes (from both fans and paparazzi) taking photos that would probably be all over the world in a little less than an hour.  Probably with a heart warming article showing how their two year romance was still just as strong.  He’d managed to find Paul in the Terminal which was beginning to become a little crowded, who smiled and helped him to where Liam would enter.  He had taken a first class flight back home instead of his jet so he would be entering from where everyone else usually would instead of the back entrance.

It was more crowded at the entrance to this flight, packed tightly with security, who had forced any people here just for Liam behind lines.  More fans were starting to pile in, some chanting Liam’s name and singing some of the lyrics to his songs.

Most of Liam’s personal security already knew Zayn so it didn’t take a lot of convincing to let him through.  He was able to stay with them, a few feet in front of the enormous amount of fans behind the lines that had been set up.  They were all holding walkie talkies, communicating with other security members around the entire airport.

“His flight just landed a few minutes ago.  They’re just letting the people on the flight know that there’s going to be a crowd when getting off.” He nodded at what Paul said, unfolding his poster and looking down at it with an excited smile.  Paul looked down at the poster and let out a loud laugh, clapping him on the shoulder with an amused smile. 

“He’s been asking about you nonstop.  Making sure you didn’t have trouble with any of the fans.” He shook his head at Liam’s protectiveness with a loving smile, hugging his poster to his chest.  He was tapping his feet against the carpeted floor, buzzing with pure energy.  He looked behind him to where the fans were, all holding posters and photos of Liam, welcoming him back home.  He gestured towards them and Paul nodded, understanding what he was thinking.  He made his way over to them (almost all screamed even louder when ‘Liam Payne’s freaking boyfriend” was walking towards them).  He smiled as some took photos and waited alongside them, showing them the poster he had made, earning him a good amount of coos from the crowd.  He had complimented them on theirs, about to go into a conversation with a group of girls on why his boyfriend was so perfect, when the screaming intensified.

The flashes of cameras grew brighter and closer, the fans trying to get past the lines and security.  He had to jump away a few feet to stay away from the chaos, looking around for his boyfriend, his best friend, his everything.  The doors had just opened to his flight, shocked passengers being escorted away from the fans and to their destinations.But they weren’t Liam.

Impatiently bouncing on his feet and biting his bottom lip, he gripped his poster tightly in his hands as he counted the seconds for Liam to finally get off his damn flight and just kiss him already.

And then he finally came out the doors.

His hair swept up in a small quiff, his face clean and fresh of facial hair.  His dark brown eyes were lit up with joy as he waved to the fans around him and smiling towards the cameras, though he was looking for something (specifically someone).  His clothes were a little bit wrinkled from shuffling anxiously in his seat, one of his shoes still untied because he always forgets to double knot the laces.  He was now nearly spinning in circles, trying to see where his boyfriend would be.  He had promised to meet him at the airport.

What if the traffic was too bad?

Or maybe one of his “fans” had told Zayn that he wasn’t right for Liam and that he should leave.

Maybe after five months of not being able to even hold hands, Zayn found someone who would be there for him.

But all these thoughts immediately disappeared when he saw his Zayn standing in front of the crowd of fans, a white poster with Liam in bold, blue letters and a red heart drawn underneath the ‘M’.  He could feel his heart pick up speed as Zayn’s beautiful brown eyes met his, a smile forming on his lips with his tongue squeezing between his teeth.

And it was sort of like everything disappeared.  Suddenly he wasn’t at the airport