answer is almost immediate


From: Zayn



Yes please, just something with chicken you know… and could you bring me a coffee I’ll pay you



To: Zayn



Do u wnt a vanilla latte frm Starbucks?


His phone buzzes but it’s a text from Andy


From: Andy



Man remember to call me after you talk I wanna know everything



To: Andy



K man, you know I will


His phone buzzes again and it’s Zayn


From: Zayn



Still remember my fave, yes please and make it venti because I really need it I’ll pay you



To: Zayn



Alwys and its on me dont wrry



From: Zayn



Don’t



To: Zayn



Relax its nothing


After that Liam buys the food and goes to a Starbucks to buy Zayn’s coffee, while he’s ordering Zayn texts him the address to his apartment which makes Liam even more nervous so he calls his mom.

“hi pup” his moms answers

“hi mum, I’m in the city” he rubs the back of his neck

“figured” she sighs happily “are you ready? Scared?”

“terrified” he laughs “I’m buying some coffee”

“for him obviously right? You’re a tea man” he can hear Karen’s smile

“yeah I bet he got up late and he needs his daily doses” he smiles

“you know him honey, listen they need me in the ER so good luck pup, text me if anything goes wrong” she sighs

“yes ma’am” he salutes “bye mum love you”

“same” and she hangs up

He gets the coffee and drive to the direction that Zayn sent him, he can barely hold the steering wheel, his hands don’t stop shaking and he thinks he’s gonna have an anxiety attack.

He parks in front of a tall white building and closes his eyes.

“fuck” he whispers and grabs the food and the coffee

He gets out of the car and calls Zayn.

“Liam” Zayn answers

“uh hey” he gives him an awkward laugh “I’m here”

“ooh ok, I’m gonna buzz you in, I’m on the last floor so get the lift, it’s the tenth floor” Zayn answers

“ok, so yeah see you in a few” Liam bites his lip

“see ya” Zayn hangs and the main door buzzes and Liam gets in

He steps in the lift and presses the number 10 and closes his eyes “we’re just going to talk” he says no one in particular “everything is gonna be ok” and the lift opens and he’s on the tenth floor, he gets out and stares at the door, his heart it racing and his breathing is erratic. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breathe, he opens his eyes and walks to the door and knocks it. He hears some ruffling on the other side and something falls.

“fuck” he hears Zayn curse on the other side “just a sec, shit”

the door bursts open and there is Zayn, his Zayn, he looks so perfect with his hair on a beanie a tank top and some grey sweats, he has tattoos all over his thin frame, his big hazel eyes have a hint of green and they look so big and lovely Liam wants to cry.

“hey” Liam talks first because apparently both of them were staring

Zayn clears his throat “hey, yeah come in” and steps aside to let Liam in which he does

“where do I put this?” Liam motions the food and the coffee

“give me the coffee please and the food on the kitchen counter” he makes grabby hands to the coffee which makes Liam chuckle and gives him the coffee

“nice place” Liam comments as he looks around, it’s quite a big place, it has two rooms a bathroom the kitchen a dining table, the living room and a balcony.

“thanks, it was my baba’s property he was renting it so he gave it to me when I told him I wanted to move out” Zayn mumbles the last words and sips his coffee

“soo.. I’m kind of starving right now so can we eat please” Liam turns to see Zayn who was kind of oogling him

“uh yeah course” Zayn clears his throat “let’s eat then”

They sit on the table and Liam gives him his food and takes out his out food, they eat in silence for a few minutes until Liam can’t handle it no more.

“can I say something?” he finally talks

Zayn visibly gulps and nods “yeah”

“I want to clear everything up” Liam rubs the back of his neck “like explaining the why of everything, I want to be honest with you”

“I want you to be honest” Zayn sounds so vulnerable and sad “just explain yourself”

Liam clears his throat and finishes his milkshake “ok let’s start with the reason why we stopped talking”

Zayn flinches at the words and nods.

“soo my dad.. you know how much of a pain he was right?”