clarifies.

 

Liam nods a little sadly. "But it's not like I'm never going to tell her, I just. I'm not really ready to yet."

 

"So when she comes for dinner we're just. We're just roommates. Friends." Liam hates the hurt look on Zayn's face, like just the thought of going back to friends pains him, brings back bad memories of self-doubt and loneliness. Liam can only guess because Zayn told him all about it one night not too long ago. And Liam can only understand because he felt the same.

 

"I'm sorry." he says quietly but meaning it so much it's overwhelming.

 

"It's okay." Zayn says, smiling a little though it doesn't look quite so genuine. "I get it like, I was scared to tell my folks too. I'm not gonna rush you, babe, I understand."

 

"I'm still sorry."

 

Zayn laughs lightly, scooting forward and cupping Liam's jaw, kissing him sweetly on the cheek. "Don't be. I love you."

 

"Still?" Liam asks, and it's a little sad how it may come out silly and innocent but how much Liam genuinely needs the reassurance.

 

"Course." Liam smiles, kissing him on the lips. "Now, since the mood is kind of killed, I think I'm gonna go back to sleep for a few more hours. 'm still knackered out from last night." he adds with a wink, scooting away and under the covers, turning on his side and Zayn may look fine on the outside but inside, Liam knows he's still bothered.

 

Liam sighs, choosing to leave it be because Zayn's just trying to be supportive and he really doesn't want this to evolve into something too big for the both of them to handle, and climbs out of bed, deciding he might take that shower after all.

 

 

::::::::

 

 

It was kind of a shocker for Zayn that they'd have to play pretend in front of his mum, so much that he must have forgotten that he never actually met Liam's mother. And from Liam can tell, Zayn is totally panicking, though that's not something he will admit too. Instead Liam is watching as Zayn cleans the flat spotless, or a better word, obsessively. He's gotten under the bloody fridge for goodness sake, it's not like Liam's mum plans to check under there. But he doesn't say anything because Zayn deals with things in his own way and also because he's still feeling really guilty about forcing Zayn back into the just mates role again, back into hiding.

 

His mum is going to be here within an hour and after Zayn's vacuumed for a second time, he's standing in front of a mirror fixing his hair for ten minutes.

 

"Babe," Liam says, coming up behind Zayn and wrapping his arms around him, tucking his chin over Zayn's shoulder. "You look perfect, relax."

 

Zayn turns in his arms, tucking himself further into Liam's hold. "I just want her to like me." He muffles into Liam's shirt, sounding genuinely distressed.

 

"She will, trust me. I bet you she'll even sit next to you at dinner." Zayn lifts his head, still looking worried. "She'll love you."

 

"How do you know?"

 

"Because I love you." Liam answers with a dopey smile. Zayn pinches his bicep lightly, smiling small up at him.

 

"That was cheesy as fuck."

 

Liam leans in to drop a kiss to the tip of his nose, a hand rubbing up and down his back in a way he hopes is comforting. "Seriously, if I know my mother at all, you're everything she's ever wanted for me."

 

"Not everything." Zayn mutters, so quietly it's like it wasn't meant for Liam to hear, meant to come out even. His eyes break their gaze and Liam's chest hurts.

 

"Hey, that's not fair."

 

Zayn sighs and his frown is still in place as he says, "I know, I'm sorry."

 

"I'll tell her soon. I'll tell her I'm gay and that I love you and everything will be okay, I promise. Just. Just not yet."

 

Zayn makes a noise of frustration, dropping his forehead against Liam's collarbones. "Stop it. I don't want to pressure you."

 

Liam opens his mouth to tell him he's not pressuring him, that he's a grown man and he knows what he wants but there's a knock on the door that has Zayn's head whipping up, eyes going wide.

 

"That's her?" he asks, looking absolutely terrified.

 

Liam nods, "You'll be fine, babe. Just. You're not meeting her as my boyfriend right now so