and how important he is to him. Liam kissed Harry's face and hummed Harry's favorite song.

All too soon, he was ripped out of his mind and placed back into reality. Zayn came into his younger brother with a cry of ecstasy. Harry had already come from the sensitivity some time earlier.

As Zayn leaned down and kissed Harry's mouth and face and neck, his prick softening inside Harry's abused hole, Harry silently cursed his mom for being a heavy sleeper.

*

The next day, Harry had to limp to school. He had been distant with Zayn and his mom and he really didn't want to face Liam, but he did at the same time and he just felt like a shit person. He had had sex with his own brother. He felt disgusting.

*

Harry had seen Liam waiting for him by his locker and he froze, suddenly getting this sick, nervous feeling in his stomach. He dropped his bag and hobbled to the toilets, so he could throw up. He hadn't eaten much for breakfast, so there wasn't much to throw up, which made his throat hurt like hell.

Liam had seen Harry drop his things, so he rushed over and picked everything up and carried it to the toilets. He set it down outside the stall Harry was in and watched as his younger boyfriend sobbed into the toilet.

"Haz?" He asked, his voice gentle. He crouched down behind Harry and wrapped an arm around his back, rubbing his side soothingly. Harry turned and met Liam's eyes with his own bloodshot ones and choked out another heavy sob.

"I'm s-sorry!" He cried, burying his face in Liam's neck, desperately holding onto his shirt.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" He continued to chant, guilt chewing away at his insides.

"Shh. It's okay, baby, you're okay, shh." Liam cooed, his heart aching for the poor boy.

*

Days, weeks, and even months passed where Harry was still distant. He ate less and less. He got sick frequently. He'd never talk to his mom or his old friends. He refused to have sex with Liam. He'd either be letting Zayn have his way with him or be in Liam's arms, begging for Liam to forgive him even though Liam had no idea why Harry was apologising.

*

One day, Harry was at his locker, packing his homework away to go home, when he had been surprised with Zayn standing next to his locker.

"Zayn?" He asked, shocked, looking around to see if their mom was around too or if Zayn had come there by himself.

"What are you doing here?" He asked, his voice starting to panic. Zayn just smiled and shrugged nonchalantly, rubbing his finger over the lock on someone else's locker, smiling at the texture of the plastic dial.

"I wanted to see you, Harry. Mom left for work and I was bored. I remembered how to get here from when Mom drove you here those times." He explained, shrugging. Harry groaned, pausing to rub his temples.

"You shouldn't be here! You should be at home!" Harry snapped, slamming his fist onto a locker, making Zayn flinch.

"What's going on?" He heard the deep voice of his boyfriend ask from behind him, making him freeze in place.

"Zayn? Hey, mate, how are you?" Liam wondered, smiling politely. Zayn smiled shyly and shrugged his shoulders.

"Zayn, you shouldn't have left. Mom is gonna kill me when she gets home." Harry said angrily, not looking in Liam's direction. Liam frowned slightly and put his arm around Harry's waist, the three of them starting down the hallway.

"It's okay, babe, he can ride with us. I'll just drop you both off at your house, okay? We can have our date another night. You should be with your brother." Liam said, holding the front door of the school open for Zayn and ushering Harry outside.

"Don't wanna be with Zayn. I'm always with him." Harry grumbled, crossing his arms over his chest. Liam sighed and pressed a kiss to the top of Harry's head before withdrawing from his touch.

"Just wait here, you two. I'll pull the car up, so you don't have to walk as far." Liam said before turning and jogging off to the direction of his car.

Zayn smiled and stepped closer to Harry. He rested his arm around Harry's waist like Liam did and Harry gasped, elbowing Zayn's side.

"No! Not here, Zayn!" He hissed, glaring with hatred at his older brother. He knows it's his own fault, but he's still pissed at him for it.

"What? Why not? Liam gets to, so why can't