IKEA. Whenever they made a trip to the city, the whole family, even with his aunties and uncles and cuzzies, would gather at his house and they would try to pile into two vans. The trips to the city happened only on weekends and not all of them was a trip to IKEA. So, Zayn hadn’t exactly mastered the whole layout of this place and now, he didn’t remember which part of the building he was in or how he got there in the first place.

Gosh, he must have looked suspicious, snooping around and looking into spaces that could fit people. He didn’t want to ask for help, anything but that. But if even he was lost, maybe it was time to ask for assistance.

Zayn looked around, trying to find someone official-looking. He did see a young teen around his age, who was wearing an official IKEA worker uniform and was stacking up rolled up carpets on one of the wooden platforms. Seeing no one else, Zayn approached him.

“Hi,” he greeted the person. The person must have been so into his work that he didn’t realize Zayn was there and was visibly startled by his greeting. He was so startled that he accidentally knocked down one of the stacks of the rolled up carpets. The carpets rolled onto the floor and Zayn cringed at the sight.

Yikes, that must have taken a lot of time.

Zayn heard the teen curse as he dropped onto his knees to repair the damage. The raven-haired teen felt bad because it was partially his fault so he also dropped to his knees to help.

“It’s okay, you do not- no, should not even be doing this,” the other teen protested as Zayn helped him. Zayn ignored him, gathering as many carpets as he could. He helped the other teen stack them back up and soon, it was as good as new.

The other teen turned to him. “Thanks, lad,” he said, gratefully. “If I were to do this alone, it would have taken twice the amount of time.”

Zayn scratched the back of his neck, bashfully.

“T'was my fault that the carpets fell,” he said, apologetically. The other teen smiled broadly, revealing his pearly whites and causing crinkles to appear by his warm brown eyes.

“It’s alright because you helped me fix it,” he held out his hand. “Name’s Liam.”

“Uh, Zayn,” Zayn grasped Liam’s hand and gave it a shake. Liam’s hand was much bigger than Zayn’s. His palm felt rougher than Zayn’s but it was a nice feeling. “Listen, I was wondering if you could help me out.”

Liam smiled kindly at him, “Of course, mate. Whatever do you need?”

Zayn gave Liam an embarrassed smile. “Uh, I kind of lost my sister and I need help finding her.” He chewed on his bottom lip as he contemplated his next line. Liam looked at him as if he sensed that Zayn had more to say.

“AndIamalsokindoflosttoo,” Zayn added quickly and waited for Liam to either laugh at him or ask him to repeat the sentence. Liam must have keen ears because he seemed to understand and he gave Zayn a pat on the shoulder.

“It’s alright, mate,” he said, not teasing Zayn like the raven-haired boy thought he would. “I get lost here all the time. Boy, you should have seen me when I first started out. Right mess, I was.”

Zayn cracked a smile, relieved that Liam wasn’t poking fun at him and seemed pretty friendly. Liam slung an arm around Zayn’s shoulder and started walking, dragging Zayn along with him as he headed in a random direction.

“Could you tell me more about your sister and where you lost her?” Liam asked, looking around. 

“She was wearing a bright pink shirt and she is holding a purple dolphin,” Zayn answered. “I lost her somewhere along those example rooms near the bedroom area.” Liam let out an ‘aha’ and steered them somewhere else. Zayn wasn’t expecting the abrupt turn and he almost tripped on his own two feet. 

He cursed his smaller-than-Liam stature now. 

Zayn and Liam kept searching, working as a unit. With Liam by his side, Zayn did not get lost and he did feel a tad bit safer. When he was searching on his own, he had spotted a few security guards that had eyed him suspiciously. Probably expecting him to steal something. 

However, with Liam by his side, no one gave him another glance.

“There!” Liam hauled Zayn to the right and the smaller boy yelped. He was about to tell Liam off when he saw a little girl sitting on a chair looking quite frightened. The little girl’s eyes brightened when they landed on Zayn and she shot up out of her chair.

“Zee!” She jumped into his arms. 

“God, Safaa,” Zayn breathed out relieved. “Do not do that again