“I’m just gonna keep on waiting, underneath the mistletoe.”

Liam wrinkles his nose this time as he ducks his head forward. Zayn moves the microphone away as their lips slot together, something gentle and quick to satiate the need pouring through Liam to kiss his husband.

Instead of singing, Mahaad groans in disgust and then giggles, clinging onto both of them more as he smacks his lips to Liam’s cheek and then places one on his Baba’s.

“Youuuuuuuu,” Maira sings loudly, nearly deafening as she curls her other arm around Zayn’s neck to make them press closer, only half of Mahaad and her feet in between them.

Bashar shoves into the small space, curling an arm around Zayn’s middle as he sinks into the opposite side of him as Mahaad.

“Well,” Liam mumbles, fingers dragging through Bash’s hair as he eyes the warm look in Zayn’s eyes. “I didn’t make a Christmas list because all I need is you four.”

Zayn bites hard on his bottom lip and Liam wants to press a finger under his chin but his hands are full, so he knocks their foreheads together instead.

“Enough,” Niall shouts, words choked. Liam pulls away from Zayn to look over his shoulder at his best mate, whose face is red though no longer from laughing. He rubs the back of his hand against his eye, waving the rag towards the front door. “Get out of me pub, I’m sick of ya.”

Zayn snorts, snuggling closer to Liam. “Get in here, Nialler.”

“Yeah, c'mon Unc Ni,” Mahaad cries, wiggling between Zayn and Liam.

Niall looks like he is hesitant but he hops over the bar as Bashar and Liam move so they can pull them into their huddle. 

“Gross, you all are,” Niall mumbles, squeezing onto them tight. “But I love the lot of you.”

“No, absolutely not.”

Liam pouts though Zayn can’t see because his back is pressed to Liam’s front as Liam curls his arm around his chest, gripping the DVD he had just showed Zayn. 

“Babe,” Liam whines softly. “You love this movie, practically have it memorized don’t you?”

“No,” Zayn mumbles, the lie clear in his voice. 

Liam grins, pressing it to Zayn’s jaw before he pinches Zayn’s nose. “It’s like a little baby unicorn -”

When Zayn turns in Liam’s arms, he is biting around his smile, rolling his eyes. He cups Liam’s hips, dragging him closer. “Fine, but if any of my kids cry - you’re on bedtime duty.”

Liam hovers his lips over Zayn’s, grinning. “Like you cried?”

“Shut up,” Zayn groans, pulling away from Liam with an even bigger smile. “I didn’t cry.”

Mahaad turns around on the comfy chair, peeking his head over the back of it. “S'okay if you did, Baba. Big boys cry.”

Zayn snorts, cupping Mahaad’s cheeks before he plops a kiss to his forehead. “I know beta, but I didn’t cry.”

“Then me neither,” Mahaad says confidently, nodding with a serious look on his face before he gestures for them to come over. “Papa says this is the best movie, ever.”

Zayn narrows his eyes at Liam and Liam just grins back in guilt, tapping Zayn’s bottom before he makes his way to the DVD player. He might have hyped the kids up before asking Zayn, knowing he would be stubborn about it.

Liam pulls Bashar into his lap when the movie starts, kicking his feet over Maira so his toes tickle Zayn’s sides. Mahaad insists on sitting in the big chair instead of the couch, clutching onto Clark the whole time. 

Zayn tries to look put off but it doesn’t last long before he is mouthing the words quietly to himself, cheeks burning every time he catches Liam watching him. It is hard not to, especially when he curls his arm their daughter’s shoulders, singing the songs softly into her ear until she is giggling and squirming to tell him to stop. 

“Can’t believe you cried, Baba. This movie is funny,” Maira whispers loudly, leaning into his side. 

Zayn’s nose wrinkles as he smiles, dragging his fingers through her hair as he pinches Liam’s calf with his other hand. “Just you wait and see, babe.”

Maira and him gasp in unison as the monster snowman chases Ana, Maira telling them to run faster as Clark makes a whining noise before crumpling onto of Mahaad’s lap.

Mahaad drags his fingers through his fur, eyes wide but lips pressed tight as he glances at Liam and then sinks back into the back of the chair.

Liam watches as the scene comes up where Ana freezes, watching the way Zayn’s jaw tenses and he glares at the television screen. They have watched this movie together more times than Liam can count, and Zayn tears up