of notebook paper. On it, was his skinny handwriting, most likely spelling out a song. "What is it Nialler?" I asked, sitting down on the couch. Niall smiled his beautiful smile and held out the paper for me, his eyes glinting in the afternoon sunlight. I took the notebook paper and started reading, my eyes scanning over the paper.

Zayn,

   I'm sorry if you feel like you're being forced to do this. I really am. But I just can't help it. I know you don't like it, but I'm in love with you. No matter how many times you tell me that you're no good for me, I'll never listen. I just figured that I should at least tell you how much I care for you, so I wrote you a poem. It may not be all that good...but it's worth a shot...

I love your eyes. 

I love your smile.

I love the sound of your voice.

I love how you let me kiss you in public.

I love how you wrap your arms around me whenever you get jealous.

I love how you treat me like your lover in bed.

I love how you're giving me a chance.

I know that you won't ever feel the same, but I can try.

I won't give up, you know that.

I love you, Zayn Javaad Malik.

I hope you love me back.

   I looked up at Niall, who was still smiling. "Well? What do you think Zayn?" Niall asked, cocking his head. I opened my arms for a hug and he accepted immediatley, burying his face in my neck. I pulled him into my lap and ran my fingers through his hair. I kissed the top of his head, "You know...a part of me hopes that I'll fall for you." Niall looked up at me with his eyes beaming. "Into hopeless devotion?" he asked hopefully, causing me to smile. "Yes angel, into hopeless devotion," I kissed him softly, resting my forhead against his.

   It had only been a week, but is it bad to say that I like this?

[A/N]: I finally updated X3 Did you guys like it? Tell me in the comments ^^

Kitty :3~


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Liam's P.O.V.

   I sat on the couch, watching as Louis paced back and forth. "I can't believe this! Niall can't just go off and live with him!" Louis was practically tearing his hair out over the fact that Niall had gone to stay with Zayn for a month. I was upset too, but clearly not as much as Louis, who had always considered Niall to be his little brother. "Louis?" I called out, biting my lip. "And he just leaves me for-yes Liam?" He stopped in the middle of his rant, turning to face me. "Maybe...you should take a break from the ranting for a while? He's like my brother too, I know exactly how you feel," I looked up at him and he sighed, plopping down on the couch next to me. "I'm sorry Liam...I'm just tired," he layed his head in my lap and closed his eyes, curling up on his side. I stroked his hair, looking down at him.

   "It's fine Louis. I know how much he means to you," I said, wishing I meant that much to him. We just sat there in silence, enjoying each other's presence.

   "Hey Liam?" Louis called up quietly, turning to look up at me. "Hm?" I looked into his beautiful blue eyes and felt my heart race. "What would you do if I told you I love you?" he bit his lip, fidgeting a little. I nearly choked on my heart, trying really hard not to let it show,"Wh-What?" He furrowed his brow as his eyes darted over my face,"What...What would you do if I told you I love you?" This time I really did choke, doubling over and holding my chest.

   "Are you okay?!" Louis sat up, holding onto me with wide eyes. I nodded and coughed a few times, "F-Fine." After I had stopped coughing, I turned to face Louis. "What would I do if you told me you loved me? I would kiss the daylights out if you," I said, studying his expression. "Well why don't you then?" Louis leaned in slightly, cocking his head. I smiled and cupped his cheek, closing the small amout of distance between us. His lips were so soft against mine, his feathery hair brushing my forehead. Louis wrapped his arms around my neck, my heart pounding against my rib cage.

   When we pulled away, we were both breathless. "That...that was perfect Liam..." the Doncaster lad smiled at