t easy when Zayn is grinding down on his crotch while sucking and biting at his neck. 

He pins him to the wall of the hallway. Nibbling and kissing his neck and jaw, slipping a hand under Zayn's shirt "gotta wait for me to get you to bed, can't knot you here now can I?" Rubbing his thumb against his nipple, grazing his nail on the nub. Zayn hiccups and shudders in orgasm mouth open in a silent moan. Liam's eyes goes completely dark when he feels the wet spot between them. He walks them to the bedroom and places him in bed. Zayn though he just came his cock still hard. He started getting rid of his clothes as did Liam.

"Li, fuck.. Fuck hurry please" tugging at his cock. Liam crawls in between his legs slapping his hand away. Zayn's eyebrows furrowed skin glistening with sweat. He hovers over him locking their lips in a deep wet kiss his fingers going straight to his hole. "So fucking wet babe, so wet for me" he pushes them inside. Zayn's back arches of the bed gasping from the feeling he needs Liam to fuck him. He wants his knot. He pulls his fingers out bringing it to his mouth licking his slick. "Want y-your knot want to feel you" Zayn says hands on Liam's ass bringing him closer as he grinds up.

"Shhh, gonna take care of you. Gonna make you come so many times babe, gonna tire you out. Before I knot you and fill you up with my pups. D'ya want that Zayn?" 

Zayn whimpers nails scratching at Liam's back. Liam leans down brushing his lips against Zayn's nipple "those are sensitive yeah? Bet I can make you come again only from playing a bit with them" he kisses around the nub before he gives a teasing lick. He closes his mouth around it. Rolling his finger over the other. Zayn's head tilts back in pleasure showing off the thick of his neck hand going to Liam's hair "Uh-yess". 

Liam pulls off to give the other the same treatment. Tongue rolling around the bud before sucking it. Zayn keeps squirming like he doesn't know if he wants more or that he feel so sensitive and wants him to pull away. 

Liam grazes his teeth on the hard nipple pushing at the other with his thumb. He kept doing that back and forth till Zayn's nipples were swollen and red and more sensitive than they already are. He bites and pulls at it with his teeth while he lowers a hand to his cock wrapping his fingers around it thumb teasing the slit. Zayn lets out a cry of pleasure "Yes yes yes" cock twitching as spurts of come paint their stomachs. 

He barely can take his breath before Liam is turning him on his stomach. He bends one of his legs to so he can look at his wet shiny with slick pink hole. "Gonna make you feel so fucking good" 

He leans in and gives a soft kiss to his hip moving his lips to his hole giving it a flat wide lick. Zayn's body shakes hole clenching around nothing, getting goosebumps all over "taste so good babe" Zayn whimpers and tries to push back to get.. Something. 

Liam holds him still pulling him on his knees. pushing his tongue deep inside him without a warning. Zayn keeps whimpering as Liam works his tongue against him. Liam stiffens his tongue and starts fucking him slowly with his tongue. Slick gathering on his tongue so sweet and a heady scent so strong.

"Wanna fuck yourself on my tongue" Liam asks. 

Zayn nods fervently and lifts himself on his elbows though he's shaking with his heat. He starts rotating his hips as he fucks himself back on Liam's tongue as best as he can.

"Mmm, Li can't ne-need more" he whines.
Liam pushes Zayn's upper body flush to the bed ass up and starts fucking his tongue fast and deep. Zayn's hands clench on the sheets, and broken whimpers of yes's keeps coming out of his mouth till his hole clenches hard around Liam's tongue his trapped cock coming on the sheets. Liam keeps licking him humming at the taste of him. Grinding down on the sheets for some friction. 

He pulls his tongue out and Lays flush on Zayn holding himself up on his elbow bringing his other hand to turn Zayn's head and licking the boys slick into his mouth.  Zayn tastes himself on his tongue moaning at the Alpha's move.

Liam spreads his legs wider "you don't know how many times I thought about this, taking care if you, fucking you. Knotting you. Marking you. Making you mine." He says as he grazes the tips of his nails softly on Zayn's inner thighs. Listening to Zayn's soft whimpers and the tired 'please fill me' shifting against the bed. Wiping his forehead on the pillow.

"You're so beautiful, always making me wanna wreck you, think about