meaningfully.

Louis’ eyelashes really are long, casting dark shadows along his cheekbones and making Harry dizzy with how close they are. He thinks he could count the number on each eye.

“We should work on that,” Louis continues.

Harry wonders if he knows what he’s saying, if he means to be accidentally inviting Harry to concerts. He also wonders if The Fray is even having concerts. But mostly, Harry is having trouble breathing. “Are you inviting me to a nonexistent Fray concert?” he says.

Louis licks his lips again. “Possibly,” he agrees.

Harry definitely can’t breathe. “Awesome.” Louis is definitely going to kiss him. “I’ll have to ask my boss if I can get off work, though,” Harry says, trying for flippant.

It’s like he’s flipped a switch. Louis wrenches his hands back from Harry’s shoulders, looks very suddenly guilty, and takes a pointed step back.

Harry playlist betrays him in the worst possible way and starts playing Adele.

Louis doesn’t comment, although the irony of the singer wailing on about ‘how we could have had it all’ can’t be lost on him. “Your boss sounds awful,” he says, playing with a loose thread on the hem of his shirt.

Harry notices for the first time that Louis’ got jeans on. He suddenly feels incredibly overdressed in his tweed and buttoned shirt.

The copy machine beeps at him.

“He’s not too bad,” Harry says, tentatively. “Doesn’t even make me work late.”

Louis sighs. “And yet here you are,” he says. His tone is business again, and his eyes are politely amused. He crosses his arms across his chest. “Working late.”

Harry sighs. “If I promise not to do any work this weekend will you stop looking at me like that?”

Louis raises an eyebrow. “Depends,” he says. “Will you be reachable by phone.”

“Yeah, of course,” Harry says slowly. “Why?”

“Well, I might get hungry and demand you bake me another cake,” Louis starts to say, and Harry takes the papers out of the copy machine and uses them like a makeshift bat.

“Arsehole,” he mutters, grinning.

Louis grins back. “Why, Harold,” he says, one hand pressed to his chest. “I am your boss.”

“I’m off the clock,” Harry says, reaching forward to turn off Adele.

“Ah.” Louis is still smiling at him. He’s still not quite back to his usual flirting self, but there’s nothing closed off about the way he looks at Harry.

Harry is finding it very hard to stay angry at him. He hands him the iHome. “I believe this is yours.”

Louis takes it with a mock salute. “Why, thank you, H.” After a moment, he turns and heads over to his desk, booting up his computer with a furrowed brow.

Harry pauses to watch him. “Are you not coming?” he can’t help but ask.

“You go on ahead.” Louis smiles at him. “And remember--no working all weekend.”

Harry rolls his eyes. “Yes, boss,” he says. “I’ll even go see my mum.”

Louis salutes him again. “I’m holding you to that.”

--

It’s not a hardship to pop home to his mum’s for a weekend. Harry hasn’t seen her in what feels like ages, but has actually only been months, and Louis doesn’t have anything major scheduled the entire weekend. So he goes home and sees his mum, eats her food, sleeps in his old bed, goes to visit the bakery, assures Robin he’s still set on journalism, fashion assistant job aside, and nearly gives Gemma a heart-attack when Louis Bloody Tomlinson calls him on Saturday evening. (Her words, not Harry’s.) It works out lovely until Sunday night, when Harry ends up stuck in traffic on his way back into London, and thus only has time to crawl into what he hopes is his bed before passing out.

It turns out not to be his bed; it’s Perrie’s and she’s got company in the form of a less than pleased Leigh-Anne, and Harry is unceremoniously dumped out of the flat Monday morning wearing his pulling jeans, the godawful tweed, and no pomade.

Needless to say, Harry shows up to work moderately dazed, pigeon toed, and far curlier than he usually is. He’s kind of hoping Louis doesn’t notice.

Liam notices, but Liam and Harry have worked out a rule where there’s no speaking before they’ve had a few hours to properly wake up, so he doesn’t do more than twitch his lips at Harry and answer the phone.

Louis wanders into the office a few moments later, people bowing about frantically in his wake (it must be nice to have a reputation for being unfairly