of.

Niall stays floating where he can keep his gills submerged. “Yeah, whatever,” he says. “Now how will you know where to find the prince?”

Harry opens his mouth to respond, but before he can, he notices they’re not alone.

Gaping at him and looking very different somehow, is Louis himself, waist deep in the water with Zayn at his side.

“Found him,” he tells Niall.

“Oh my God.” Louis doesn’t sound pleased to see him.

“So, Liam sends his regards,” says Harry, ignoring Louis’ outburst. “He’s very sorry he didn’t come to visit.”

“Are you stalking me?” says Louis. “How do you keep knowing where I am?”

“I don’t think he’s doing it on purpose, mate,” says Zayn quietly.

“He’s right.” Harry swims a bit closer to Louis so that he can better inspect him. He still looks off somehow, but Harry really can’t place it. “I honestly only meant to come here to get this.” He reaches behind Louis to fiddle with some of the rocks, before pulling out the dinglehopper. “Something about you is different.”

“Oh, I dunno, maybe it’s the fact that I’m naked,” Louis starts to exclaim, before pausing. “Why have you put that in your hair?”

Harry falls back in the water a bit and cocks his head to the side. “Have got it in wrong?” he says, reaching up to pluck it from his curls. “Nick wasn’t very clear about it--”

“I’m going to side with Liam, here, and say Nick’s talking out of his arse, H,” interrupts Niall. He pokes an eye out somewhere near Zayn’s left knee. “Or beak.”

Zayn makes a startled noise and shifts backward. “Naked,” he says. “So very naked--you’re a talking fish.”

Niall pauses. “Can you understand me?” he says. “Brilliant.”

“Niall can speak lots of languages,” Harry puts in, to be helpful. “It’s a gift.”

Niall does a pseudo bow. “You flatter me, my prince,” he says.

“He’s also not very funny,” Harry adds sourly, splashing water towards Niall. The move draws his attention to his tail, and he lights up. “Which reminds me.” He reaches down and grabs one of Louis’ feet, tugging the appendage up out of the water eagerly. “How do legs work.”

Louis looks like his eyes are going to bug out of his head. “Naked, Harold!” he squeaks, strangled, kicking free of Harry’s hold and scooting back towards Zayn.

“I have no idea what that means?” Harry asks, going to follow them. “Do you, Niall?”

“I’m not wearing any clothes!” Louis continues. “That’s what’s different about me.” He slaps a hand across his chest.

Harry stares at where he’s pointing. “‘It Is What It Is’,” he reads. “I like it.” He looks back up at Louis and swims closer.

“See, I told you he had tattoos,” says Louis quickly, kicking out a leg to stop Harry. He presses his foot against the tattoo across Harry’s stomach, and Harry stops coming closer to stare down at it.

“He does in fact have a butterfly on his stomach, I have to give you that, Lou,” says Zayn. “Now about our lack of clothes...”

“A butterfly,” Harry says, giddy with the knowledge. “Do they live in the sea?”

Louis barks out an awkward laugh in response. “Not at all,” he says. His voice is still a bit high, and he twitches when Harry pokes him across the top of his foot. “They, um, fly in the sky?”

Harry pokes the butterfly on his stomach a few more times. “Brilliant,” he says. He pokes Louis in the foot again.

“Anyway.” Louis looks like he wants to pull his leg back, but he refrains. “We’d really like to stop being naked, so--”

“Harry, you idiot,” says Liam, popping up into the cave as well. “Your mother is going to kill me if we’re late.”

Harry turns away from Louis and Zayn to look at him. “Are you talking to me, now?” he says.

Liam rolls his eyes. “Yes, you’re forgiven for almost having me killed,” he says. “Now come on--the coronation’s starting in two hours.” He notices Louis and Zayn. “Hi, Zayn,” he says. “Tommo.”

“Liam,” says Louis. “Coronation?”

And now Harry remembers what his mum had been on about. “Oh, that,” he says dully. “Do I really have to be crowned king?”

Liam doesn’t look convinced. “Yes?” he