blurred. I blinked a few times clearing up my vision. 'What the heck- how did I end up back here?!' I thought to myself as I looked up to see the big black and white building I call home. I got up off the ground and dusted myself off running my hand through my hair. I check my pockets for my keys and unlocked the door. "Anyone home?!" I shouted upon walking in and closing the door behind me. I could hear a few muffled voices so I got my reply. I went upstairs to my room trying to figure out what had just happened. If I'd just drank too much and imagined the whole thing, or if it had actually happened and she had brought me home. Or if I had just gone plain mad. Jesus christ. There was my phone under my pillow I felt it as I propped myself onto the bed. Exhausted both mentally and physically I checked my phone reading: 

1 message from Hazza: 

Hey, Liam, I've just popped out.
Thought I'd let you know just in case anyone asked.
Louis is with me. Don't wait up.
All the love- H x
~ @ 01:47AM 

1 message from Nialler:
Hey, bro, Zayn's wonderin where u r. Hope ur ok. Call him pls. X
~ @ 06:53PM

17 missed calls from Zaynie

this is the second half to chapter 5 because it wouldn't let me upload all of it.

3 (voice) messages-answer machine- from Zaynie;

Li please come home. I'm sorry. Come home Liam. I love you. - @ 07:47PM

Liam please call me or text me as soon as you get this. Please don't do this to me. Tell me where you are, I'll come get you and we can go spend some bro time alone- no paps, no fans and none of the others. Liam please just call me. -@ 08:03PM

Liam please. I need you. - @ 09:21PM

7 new messages from Zaynie;

Hiya Li, sorry i had to leave you like that. I'll get back asap. Just need to sort a little problem out. Aha :) xx~@ 05:39PM

Hey LiLi, I'm on my way home. Hope you're still up for a talk. See ya soon. Xxx~ @ 06:17PM

Li, you went out? Where are you? I'm coming to get you. Xxxx~@ 07:01PM

Liam please don't ignore me. I'm sorry about leaving like that. I promise i won't ever do that again. Come on Li. Xxxxx~@ 07:45PM

Please pick up the phone Li, or at least text me so i know that you're okay. Xxxxx-@ 08:21PM

You know what I'm just gonna come and find you myself. Xxxxx~@ 08:33PM

Li, come on please don't do this its been 4 hours and I'm getting worried now. Please tell me you're not lost, drunk or out there alone. Go home Li please. Xxxxx~@ 09:19PM

Oh zayn. If only you knew the half of it. 

*dialling tone* (answer phone) ~ Hey Zayn, it's Li. I'm at home. Sorry about not replying I left my phone under my pillow. See you soon. Bye.~ 

To: Hazza Cheers mate. Don't worry. Have fun. See you whenever. L x 

To: NiallerI'm home. I'm fine thanks. Btw. Turn down ya racket. x

1 new message from (unknown number) +44-78665-34611

Hey Liam it's Josh. Niall gave me your number. Just thought I'd let you know. :) ~@ 06:45PM

I saved his number in my phone and shoved it on charge. I took my clothes off and chucked them in my wash basket, and hopped in the shower washing away what happened today... It's just so- weird. 

 

Josh's POV 

I walked out of the shower room to Niall slurping through his third can of beer. "You realise those are for both of us right?" I said awkwardly laughing. "Oh. Yeah sorry." He said shyly smiling. 'Oh for god sakes Niall. Stop! I can't control this. No Josh you have a girlfriend!! Okay. I just need to remember that and I should be fine', Niall stumbled around getting up and fell pulling me with him.  "You've got a nice face!" He said poking my face looking at me with those beautiful eyes of his. Then i felt my towel move slightly as our boners grind against one another. I began to lean in heading straight for those plump soft lips...'your girlfriend Josh!!'..."KEEP AWAY FROM ME! COME NEAR ME AGAIN AND I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU!". He looked up at me terrified, tears threatening to spill- 'Joshua John Devine, what have you just