for The Hobbit: Battle of Five Armies. They watched the first two movies as a band but Louis and Liam are visiting both their families and Niall went back to Ireland with Brez so it’s just them two this year.

“You know the great thing about renting out the entire theatre to ourselves?” Zayn nibbles at Harry’s sensitive earlobe as the adverts play on screen. “We can do whatever we’d like.”

Harry shivers at Zayn’s words and Zayn’s hand is already at Harry’s crotch, expertly undoing the buttons and zipper at one go. He slides his hand inside the jeans — which is very hard to do since the jeans are really tight — and teases Harry’s half-hard dick outside his pants. He palms Harry’s dick through the rough fabric until Harry is fully hard and slips his hand inside the boxers. Zayn doesn’t waste any time in stroking Harry’s dick, thumbing at the slit for maximum pleasure.

Harry bites down on Zayn’s — thankfully un-leather jacketed shoulder — as he comes over his hand and he just wipes it on the inside of the boxers.

“It’s starting,” Zayn whispers in Harry’s ear.

-

The ending was quite surprising to Zayn, to say the least. Well, of course Bilbo (he thinks that’s the Hobbit’s name) keeps the ring, hence how he uses it in the beginning of the first LOTR movie.

“Now, being the thoughtful boyfriend I am–” Harry doesn’t bother with hiding his scoff, “–I already have our restaurant booked and it’s…”

“The Ivy, like you do for any other bi-monthly anniversaries,” Harry giggles, one of the reasons why he fell in love with the curly haired angel. “What did you do this time?”

Zayn sort of forgot to send the email requesting the restaurant plays his makeshift Ed Sheeran playlist, shite.

“You’ll see.”

-

As soon as they arrive at The Ivy, he asks Harry to wait outside, telling him a shitty excuse of how he needs to check everything is in order. He barks at the hostess that he needs someone to quickly put together a playlist consisting of “Thinking Out Loud”, “Kiss Me”, “One”, “Photograph” (even though he doesn’t plan on breaking up with Harry, like, ever), “Wake Me Up” (because that is just plain adorable and describes how perfect Harry is even when he just woke up and has bedhead), “Shirtsleeves”, and “This”. He considers bribing the host with a selfie or an autograph but he speaks into the earpiece for his request.

 

“We can go in,” Zayn tells Harry.

The half-Pakistani lad takes a moment to drink in the gorgeous sight that is Harry. His boyfriend is dressed in almost-black looking grey slacks and same-coloured tailored jacket over very dark navy shirt. Bringing up the old days, he even has on a nearly-black teal bowtie. Zayn, being his usual self, has all-black suit, with green tie that matches Harry’s eyes that turn a lovely shade of greyish-green in the winter.

Harry covers his mouth with his large hands when he sees that the restaurant as the lowest-set lights on with candles everywhere, the scent of vanilla permeating their senses. Harry whispers a quick ‘thank you’ as he crashes their lips together. It’s a brief peck but it still leaves Zayn longing for more.

“Alright, I’m gonna go with my usual roasted Devonshire chicken for two, but one since we can do that,” Zayn doesn’t even bother with picking up the menu the admittedly semi-attractive looking server. “You?”

“They’ve Kimchee-glazed lamb so I’m gonna try that one.”

Zayn orders for them and gets a bottle of viré-clessé, Tradition domaine Michel Mâconnais, Burgundy France for them. He doesn’t really know a lot about wines, but it’s from France for fuck’s sake, and the name sounds hella fancy. Plus, it’s over 50 quid, so it’s bound to be good.

 

About thirty minutes later, and halfway through the playlist, their food arrive and Zayn has to — sadly — withdraw his foot from Harry’s crotch. They eat rather silently, commenting on the excellent quality and shite.

“Dessert?” Harry asks, already looking at the desserts menu. “I think I want rhubarb cheesecake.”

“I think I’d much rather enjoy our dessert be your sweet body,” Harry has the decency to choke. “But we can still split the cheesecake.”

-

When they get home, they open their presents they didn’t in the morning.

“Well, you can’t really open the present,” Zayn says slyly and goes down to the basement, delivering his gift for Harry.

“You got me a Norwegian forest cat?!” Harry’s eyes widen almost inhumanly. “They’re expensive as fuck and hard to even find!”