-

Or how she thought it was okay, because she thought the words whispered to her when he fucked her were words of endearment, affection, not just something to rile him up. And how they finally ended it with a you’re a good lay, Zayn but nothing more than that -

And Jade knows that Zayn hooked up with Andrew at some party the next school year, but not that when he wanted to hang out a few days later, he really meant he wanted to touch her like he was entitled to – like her telling him not to meant she was a tease, because he already has which means clearly that he can whenever he wants to, according to him.

And as much as he had upset her with the possessive way in which he touched her, it hadn’t hurt as much as the fucking slag snapped at her as he left just because she didn’t want him to touch her.

Again and again, Zayn can’t count the amount of times someone has made her feel like her worth settled between her legs, and if she flirted or teased, that meant she had to take it further. Or if she took it further, she was a slag –

But not Liam – never Liam. Liam, who always looks so overwhelmed the moment he touches her, and seems to store every time she ever showed discomfort into his memory. Which probably confuses him, because Zayn switches up often from touch me like this, to don’t do that –

And Liam is always so patient with her, despite it all. They would work perfectly with their non-relationship with Liam’s patience for her changes, if they had only kept feelings out of it, because she doesn’t deserve the amount of love Liam is capable of giving to someone.

Because even though you’re a good lay nothing else, made her shut herself in her room for hours and broke her heart for the first time, at least Danny had been honest with her. Not that Liam isn’t, but he is blinded by his apparent feelings for her, the ones she just doesn’t get. And she feels bad, being so awful to him but he needs to realize that Liam is just like her in Year 11, confusing their relationship with love, confusing her touches as something more affectionate -

She doesn’t know how to put all her feelings in the pads of her fingers and imprint them into Liam’s skin, and that is the only way he should be touched.

“He told me he loved me and I basically told him I didn’t feel the same way.”

Zayn turns then, wanting to put her back towards Jade so she can’t see the way Zayn’s expression is probably mirroring Liam’s from earlier. And the first time she admits it out loud, she wants to pretend she is saying it to herself.

“Don’t beat yourself up over that, Zayn. It would be worse if you lied and said you did –“

“I did lie,” Zayn interrupts softly, clutching onto her body pillow and pressing her chin into it to muffle the croak in her voice.

There is a quiet moment where Jade doesn’t say anything, but then the sad, oh, Zayn is whispered against her neck and there are thin arms wrapping around her from behind. “Why do you always do this to yourself?”

It isn’t judgmental, but filled with concern, and Zayn doesn’t say that she doesn’t always do this to herself. Because as much as she thinks she cuts people off because she is unworthy of love, no one but Liam has actually tried to show her otherwise -

++

Zayn covers her hands in the sleeves of her hoodie, wishing she had brought something thicker to wear but she hadn’t realized how cool the air would be. She hides in the shade in her normal spot, underneath the trees with a notebook balanced on her lap that goes forgotten, even though she had promised Tyler that she would work on finishing the lyrics he had started.

She watches Liam jog backwards, bringing the collar of his blue and yellow jersey up to wipe the sweat pooling at his forehead. His face is flushed, she can see even from here the way it glows. His face turns into something harder, maybe even a bit angry if she knows that is never a possibility, when he yells and points to another player Zayn thinks is named Tom or Tim.

The one he has been fighting with, she knows. Well, at least according to Camila, who Zayn had overheard telling Ally that it had gotten so bad that the coach had come between them, and almost suspended Tom from today’s game. 

Zayn turns up her music, toning out the crowd’s cheers. Liam’s jersey stretches across his back, the material dented by his shoulder blades, and clings to his waist. She considers moving closer, like she always does, to get a better view of him.  But like always, she stays rooted in her spot.

She has been to every game this semester, hidden