know what’s happened between us; there’s nothing really romantically here anymore, don’t try to deny it. Why are we still together?”

The sweet familiar scent of her perfume invaded his senses as she slid her hand over his chest, scooting closer until she was tucked against his side, her head on his chest. “I think we’re together because if we break up, you’ll have to explain why to your family. And somehow, you still aren’t ready for that.”

“Ready for what?” He demanded, tilting his head to look down at the top of her head.

“Nothing, Li.” Her lips pressed to his chest. “Nothing at all.”

/Z/

Going back to tour was somehow more difficult this time than it had ever been before. Maybe it was because of Harry’s revelation to him that one night, maybe it was because of Liam’s drunken behavior at Louis’s birthday, either way when that morning came and his alarm sounded, he found it heart-wrenchingly tough to pull himself out of his parents’ cozy home and out into the dull January morning. He didn’t want to be bundled in a leather jacket and a beanie with snowflakes gathering on his eyelashes until he burnt them away with the heat of cigarette smoke. He wanted to be tucked into bed with dreams of sweet caramel lips dancing through his head.

The airport presented him with the most difficult portion of the morning. He had to fight his way through fans and paparazzi, waving and stopping for a few obligatory photos. Security was a hassle as always, and then he was finally shuffled into a room where he found Niall already waiting, the other three had yet to arrive.

The Irishman seemed to be in bright spirits, ready to get back on the road and play a few dozen more shows before the tour ended. “Just think, Zayn, there are fans that probably received tickets to these next few shows as Christmas gifts, they’re completely unprepared and those are always the most fun times. The ones that you don’t wholly expect, but they happen happily anyway!” He was chipper as always, chattering away as Zayn settled into a seat, optimistically hoping for a nap before they had to board their flight.

Luckily, Harry arrived soon and he distracted the other lad by showing him a new app on his phone.

Louis arrived with twenty minutes left until boarding, flopping down onto the seat beside Zayn, nudging him with his toes until he was back to full consciousness.

That just left them to wait for Liam who was atypically late.

It was when Paul came in to usher them to their jet, when they’d all picked up their bags that they were taking on the flight with them, that Liam skidded in through the door, his face pink, eyes puffy, and his appearance an absolute mess. “Sorry, I’m so late. I had some last minute stuff to do.” Zayn smelled it from a few feet away, the spicy scent of his cologne mixed with the mint gum that Liam chewed.

Zayn flashed back to the night of Louis’s party. Of his first sight of Liam when he walked in, the younger man already halfway to drunk judging by the dopey grin and the beer dangling from each of his hands. He’d zeroed in on Zayn as soon as he passed through the door, licking his lips and depositing one of the beers in the hands of someone that he walked by.

“’Bout time you got here!” Liam had hiccupped and looped an arm around Zayn’s shoulders. “Tommo said that we’d be lucky if you even showed up, and I’d consider myself the most luckiest man in the world right now.” He grinned and took a swig from the bottle. “How’s your holiday been, mate?”

“Alright. Yours?” The voice that left Zayn’s throat was strained, the conversation stilted like they weren’t two guys that had known each other for years and as close as two people could be.

Liam moved away from Zayn’s side to stand in front of him and had scrunched up his face in that adorable Liam-smile that made his cheeks nearly eclipse his eyes. “I’ve been wonderful. Been thinking about getting a new tattoo, been catching up on telly. I’ve been thinking of you.” His thumb reached up to twitch over the unshaved scruff of Zayn’s jaw. “That one I’ve been doing a lot.”

Zayn watched his best mate’s throat bob, watched his dark eyes blow wide with hunger, and watched his pink tongue part out to wet his pinker lips. “Yeah? You’ve been thinking of me?”

Just as he began to nod his head yes, someone stepped between them, breaking the moment with a loud laugh that pushed Zayn a step back; the sudden noise had frightened him as if he was a baby deer. By the time that he’d regained his focus on what he and Liam had said, the Wolverhampton boy