is abused. He can feel that wondrous sensation of being split open by his Mate, his heart, his one true love. “Ach, right there!”

Bressie howls in appreciation as they both come in unison, Bressie’s knot fattening up inside Niall. The student cringes at the burning feeling, still not having got the time to getting used to being knotted. He can see Bressie’s eyes are now amber from his uncontrolled half-shift. His eyes are looking predatory, lethal.

  “I love you too, Niall,” he leans down to kiss Niall’s head, an affectionate gesture. “‘Til the moon stops illuminating and my heart stops beating.”

“Gods, you’re such a romanticist,” Niall nuzzles his cheek into his (illegal) boyfriend’s neck, something Bressie likes for some reason. “Are all wolves sappy like you?”

Bressie growls in response, the glow in his eyes getting brighter. Niall laughs at that, knowing the werewolf professor likes to pretend like he’s the toughest creature since he, well, is a werewolf. He knows that Niall sort of resolved into kissing Harry whenever his friends are around just to hide their relationship and decided it’s not exactly cheating. Only Niall’s butler, Harry, knows that he’s dating his Twentieth Century History professor.

“If my knot has gone down, I would have spanked you by now,” Bressie growls, his teeth starting to elongate. “But since I’m still breeding ye, I guess I can’t.” But instead, the wolf starts kneading Niall’s sore arse, making him groan.

“That’s cheating! My arse cheeks are still sensitive from your wonderful sex!” Niall whines, slapping his boyfriend’s hand away. “And I got your knot inside me.”

“You really think I’d bottom just for you?” Bressie chuckles, nuzzling Niall’s neck. “I love you, little Nialler, but I’m a wolf so I’m dominant by nature.”

They banter with each other until Bressie’s knot goes down. Niall checks his time and sees he only has ten minutes to make it to his next class.

“Oh, I’m taking you out for dinner tonight,” Bressie reminds him as they both get dressed. Niall takes sweet time in tying the tie for his favourite professor. “I’ll pick you up at your house.”

“It’s not fair how you got your own hover-car and I don’t! My Pa doesn’t trust me with cars,” Niall pouts, a pout Bressies kisses away. “And I’ll be feeling your knot for the rest of the day.” He adds, a pout in his voice.

-

It’s half-five and Niall has been done with his lectures for couple hours now. He knows that Bressie’s last lecture ends at five-fifty and takes about fifteen to twenty minutes for him to get to his house on his hover-car. He rings his butler.

“For fuck’s sake, you’re a brat,” Harry comments as he shows up to Niall’s room, looking peeved. “I gave you your tea and muffin, like, twenty minutes ago.”

“Well, I want you to give me another muffin,” Niall rolls his eyes, waving his hand dismissively. “Chop-chop, do your work.”

“Need I remind you that you got your date with Bressie in less than an hour?” Niall glares at his butler. “Fine, fine, you and your strangely fast metabolism.”

Harry returns with a blueberry-lemon muffin within couple minutes later, with pink lemonade. Niall thanks his butler and takes a bite out of the muffin. Mm, blueberry.

He ends up going on the Net and looking at different things before his doorbell rings, and Harry gets it for him.

Niall grins at the sight of his boyfriend, all dressed in black slacks, black button-up shirt, and black jacket. It’s like as a wolf, he likes being dressed all in black. Bressie leans down and presses a kiss to Niall’s lips, a bit too R-rated, if Harry is gagging in the background. Niall, reluctantly, he might add, pushes Bressie away from him.

Ever since Niall got enrolled in uni, his father decided to give him his own house, and a butler, saying something about him being incapable of fending after himself. He doesn’t mind, if that means there won’t be a parent around him to nag him about being around a professor all the time.

“Well, I’ll be cleaning the house and making sure no one breaks in. Have fun!” Harry decides to say something, pushing Niall and Bressie out of the door’s threshold. Bressie’s eyes flash amber for a split second, just because Harry pushed him around, literally.

“That bastard,” Bressie’s voice is all gravel-y, something that’s an indicator his inner wolf is surfacing. “How do