When I was about your age, eighteen, this powerful sorceress took my powers so that I can die.”

“And?”

“And then I entered the Nether Realm, where the damned souls go,” Liam laughs humourlessly, the sound echoing in the empty forest. “Gods, I was stupid enough to think that Zayn would save me.”

“He called you Malachai,” Louis muses. “Whatever that means.”

“Yeah, it means ‘the Messenger’.”

-

Zayn didn’t expect his sorry excuse of a nemesis to show up and try to kill him!

Okay, he expected it from the Angel Incarnate, but Louis wasn’t supposed to be part of the revenge his dear friend planned. As far as he’s concerned, Louis is his life-mate, someone he’s supposed to guard and cherish.

He fucked Louis once, that’s how he knew the mates shite.

“Fucking come back,” Zayn uses the weak link he shares with his line of vampires. “Now.”

“So pushy,” the new vampire muses. “What plucked your dick?”

“Horan,” Zayn growls at his first-ever progeny. “Glad you’re here.”

“You stink like that babe you’ve been with,” Niall admonishes. “What’s his name… Tomlinson?”

“The witch child, I know,” Zayn growls again, his eyes furious shade of crimson. “I want his friends dead.”

“His friends are all Ancient ones,” Niall hisses, his own blue eyes now dark red. “You know that’s bloody near-impossible.”

“I am the Lord of Shadows,” Zayn unleashes his full powers, the ethereal wings he owns stretching behind his majestic form. “I see, I kill.”

-

“Stupid,” Louis mutters, buck-naked for a bath. “Be a witch like your family, they said. It’ll be easy once you get the powers, they said.”

“Your powers aren’t that obsolete,” the voice belonging to Luke, that hateful wolf, howls with laughter at Louis’ reaction. “Nice package, love.”

“Go back to washing your own dick, you little puppy,” Louis seethes, using his powers to amplify the electricity in the air. “Or I will kill you.”

“Ow!” The puppy-like lad howls from pain, limping back to his post.

“You’re a dick, but a sane one at that,” Louis reminds himself, submerging his freezing body into the boiling water. He can already feel the element of Water nourishing him, bathing his battered body clean.

His connection to the Elements is not the weakest, but it’s not the strongest either. As a child, he oft frequented the Nature Tree, the Yggdrasil, and knew that his innate powers weren’t those of pyrokinesis or some other ordinary shite.

The ability to manipulate life and death, for sure, wasn’t something a novice witch was given.

-

“Tomlinson used his powers,” Niall muses almost to himself. “My spies have felt it.”

“Ignorant child,” Zayn knows Louis can stop hearts in the heat of the moment. “I told him not to be so careless.”

“Yeah, before this life,” Niall reminds Zayn. “He doesn’t remember.”

“But I want him to, dammit!” Zayn crashes his fist to a wooden table, the splinters getting in his skin. “Fuck.”

“You temperamental fool,” Niall clasps Zayn’s bleeding hand into his own. “When are you going to realise your mate will be the death of you?”

“Fuck you too, Horan.”

-

“So let me get this straight—if I can even manage that,” Louis grumbles, immobilised on the plank yet again. “You’re some sort of high-ranking ass from the Council and you want to turn me back human.”

“It’s a life or death sort of thing with you, but yeah,” Liam grins at Louis in a sickening way. “I don’t want you to be vile, a freak of nature just because you were wronged.”

“If you mean you let me be raped and killed for a sport by ‘wronged’, sure,” Louis grits out, the dark memory still haunting him. “It’s like that dream I always wake up after a rough night’s hunting—”

“What dream?” Liam sounds more worried than curious.

“Everything’s one fire… except for this one dude,” Louis frowns in concentration, the scene burning into his brain. “He only says one word ‘together’.”

“Do you believe in reincarnations? Past lives?” Liam inquires, surprising Louis with the enthusiasm. “That’s what it was, Louis.”

“Are you saying that I had past lives?”

“All entwined with the Lord of Shadows.”

-

“Niall,” Zayn grits out, the wooden spikes hanging low as they walk below the hidden path of the castle. “Mind telling me what it is that you’re planning before I rip your heart out and make it into