Zayn’s hands on him instead of his own -

“Liam,” Zayn moans quietly, shifting his hips back though Liam grips onto him. He kisses Liam gently, giggling quietly against his mouth until Liam finally lets him go. “Fuck me, yeah?”

“Yeah,” Liam breathes, hands loose against Zayn’s body as he watches the other man turn around in his lap, arching forward some as he wraps his legs back around Liam’s thighs. He is gorgeous like this too, the expanse of skin across his back, stretching across the muscles of his shoulders that are definitely more defined since the last time Liam had seen them in person. The curve of his spine and the way it dips right before the small curve of his bum as he bends forward, elbows digging into the mattress around Liam’s legs.

Liam tugs on the briefs without finesse, eager to see the smooth skin underneath, marred by purpled bruises his mouth had left behind the night before. He drags them down Zayn’s thighs before he palms at Zayn’s arse, gently kneading and spreading him with arousal coursing through his fingertips, making his touch a bit rougher than he means to be.

Zayn doesn’t mind, only moaning softly as he shifts his hips back against Liam’s touch, knees shifting against the sheets. “Gonna or -?

“Play with yourself,” Liam murmurs as he drags a dry thumb between Zayn’s cheeks. He presses against his hole gently, taking in the little resistance before he brings his thumb to his lips. “Your nipples, babe.”

Zayn moans roughly, his weight shifting to one arm, elbow digging into the mattress and it is maddening the way he doesn’t hesitate to listen. Liam slicks his fingers with spit as he watches the way Zayn tweaks at his nipple, letting out a loud hiss as he pinches too hard.

“Careful,” Liam murmurs, dragging his spit slicked fingers back against Zayn’s hole. He eases them against the rim slowly, wanting to take his time but his cock pushes out drops of precome, twitching under the material and he is afraid that it is going to be him who comes too soon this time, before he can finally feel Zayn wrapped around him after all of these months.

Zayn is a masterpiece, overwhelmingly amazing in the way he works back against Liam’s fingers, moaning shamelessly as he twists and rubs at his nipple. A flush takes over his back, a sheen of sweat starting to collect at his spine, his muscles flexing under his skin every time he moans out into the quiet room.

The sounds in Liam’s throat get stuck as he works out the resistance, curling and scissoring his fingers in no time before Zayn is whispering out for a third. His moans are pinched sounding, edged with the sound of pain but he doesn’t stop touching himself, working his fingers over the swell of his bud and Liam is eager to see them purpled and bruised later on.

Liam gentles his lips to the bottom of spine as he eases his fingers out once he can feel that Zayn is ready, pushing up some though it is awkward and difficult, but he just needs to tug his briefs down some, to finally free his prick which aches to be touched underneath the material. There is an eagerness in him that is hard to bare, and he digs his fingers into Zayn’s hip as his cock smacks wetly against his navel.

“Fuck, come on, babe.”

Zayn doesn’t hesitate to push back, stitching his spine to Liam’s chest as Liam’s palms drag across his front, exploring his sweaty skin and mouthing at the nape of his neck. His prick presses against Zayn’s bum, and he moans out when Zayn presses down against him as he tangles out of the briefs that hug his knees.

Liam has missed everything about Zayn, but this - right now at least, he has missed this the most. The feel of Zayn sinking down onto him, clenching tight around his prick, the room filling with huffed out breaths as Zayn works himself down. The roll of his belly as he hunches forward and how it flexes under Liam’s palms.

He is sensitive all over, from the way his pierced nipples drag against Zayn’s back when Zayn bottoms out and sinks against back against him, the warmth of his skin burning against his own. Liam drags his hands up his belly, mouthing at his jaw as Zayn adjusts before pulling back up.

“Can I?” Liam huffs out, teasing a nail over Zayn’s nipple, worried he may be too sensitive from the way Zayn lets out a shattered breath and his back tenses, thighs tightening around Liam as he eases himself back down onto Liam.

“Yeah,” Zayn breathes, grinding down against him. “Liam, please - yeah.”

Liam muffles his groan against Zayn’s neck as he digs his nails into his sensitive skin, trying to be careful but hoping he can mimic the way the bead ring feels pierced into his own. Zayn moans out loudly, hips moving up at a quicker pace