to hide it all

Liam digs into the box at the bottom of the closet until he finds the bottle of lube. When he eyes the one toy he has, which he had been extremely nervous and embarrassed to buy, arousal twists deep in his belly and he grabs it quickly, anticipation making his cock twitch.

He throws it on the bed as he tugs off his briefs, climbing on the bed carefully because the wheels jerk sometimes from his weight. There is a moan rattling around in his chest, ready to be let out as he settles in, before he even slicks his fingers. He flutters his eyes shut, imagining Zayn’s slender fingers on his hips, imagining that it’s him that makes Liam roll onto his stomach before he slides a slick finger between his cheeks, cock trapped between himself and the bed.

He groans into the pillow, teasing his hole gently before pressing in the tip of his finger. He works the digit in slow, gently easing out the tension in his spine from the intrusion. He thinks of Zayn’s tongue, flattened as it runs over his hole, stiff as it thrusts into him, stretching him slowly. He moans shamelessly at the thought, hips grinding his cock against the mattress before grinding back against his finger, frustration making sweat line at his brow.

Liam adds a second, turning his cheek against the pillow as he lets out harsh breaths. He wonders if Zayn would fist a hand in his hair when he thrusts into him from behind, or cup a hand around his shoulder, pushing Liam back onto his cock and making him do the work, make him show off, show how needy he is for Zayn’s cock. His lips would be gentle on the back of his neck though, no matter how hard the slap of his skin against Liam’s is.

Liam quickly adds a third, scissoring and stretching his hole to prep himself for the toy. He wants to feel full, to be able to close his eyes and imagine Zayn’s prick nestled between his cheeks. He is desperate, really -

With a gasp he grabs for the toy before sliding his fingers out. He pushes up, settling on his knees before he stands the dildo sturdy on the bed. His fingers shake from anticipation as he slicks up the plastic prick. It’s supposed to be realistic looking, with veins snaking up the underside, the head a deep red color.

“Fuck,” Liam moans, pressing his knees into the mattress on either side of the toy. He grabs the base, positioning it under his hole. It catches at the rim and Liam hisses, slowly pushing past the resistance before as can rotate his hips and ease himself down, feeling the slick rubber stretch him. He arches his back, head tilted up as his lips part, panting softly until he has bottomed out.

He catches his breath, adjusting before he pulls up and works himself back down, building up a slow rhythm that makes his thighs quake and the bed knock against the wall, squeaking in a matching rhythm.

“Oh god,” Liam moans, not worried about being heard as he grinds down, feeling the head rub against that bundle of nerves. He keeps his eyes shut, imagining Zayn underneath him with heavy lidded eyes as he watches Liam ride him, cock heavy and bouncing between his legs.

There is something so relieving about being able to be loud, to let the moans in his throat out, like hearing himself turns him on almost as much as hearing Zayn had -

“Fuck,” Liam cries louder, working himself on the dildo faster as pleasure jolts through him. He could probably come like this, imagining Zayn fucking into him, cock slapping against his abdomen, leaving smudges of sticky precome behind.

The bed bangs angrily against the wall, the room filled with a mix of Liam’s moans, harsh breaths, slick sounds and the thud, thud rhythm. The only thing missing is the sound of Zayn -

There is a different thud like a door being shut, followed by the muffled sound of music from the other side of the wall a beat later and Liam gasps. He fills with embarrassment, but something jolts through him when he realizes that’s Zayn . That Zayn probably, definitely just heard the wrecked sound he just let out.

And even though the nerves make his heart race, he lets out another choked out moan because if Zayn can tease him than he can tease Zayn too -

++

Zayn flops into the bed, hiding his reddened face into the pillow. His cock fucking aches, because he definitely just heard Liam moan – wrecked and loud, and there is a steady beat of a bed against the wall and fuck, he sounded so good.

And Zayn is such a creep, because he keeps his music quiet enough that he can still hear the moans Liam lets out, even though they are still quite loud. But as long as Zayn doesn’t touch himself to the sound of his best mate getting off then well, it’s okay, right? He is allowed to lay here, cupping himself gently with his eyes clenched shut so he