teeth to slowly pull the zipper down. I use my hands to push his tight, wet jeans down his legs to his knees. I drag my tongue along his inner thigh, from his knee to the bottom of his boxer briefs.

Zayn grabs my hair with both of his hands as my hand pushes the leg of his soaking wet boxer briefs up. My tongue slides in the leg of his briefs and gently licks the base of his cock and it twitches. His body stiffens and he inhales deeply through his nose and tightens his grip on my hair. My other hand grabs the waistband of his briefs and pulls them down. His hard stiff cock snaps back and slaps against his skin. I look up at him, his head is tilted back, eyes closed and his mouth hanging slightly open. I wrap my fingers around the base of his cock and my tongue swirls around the tip tasting the precum covering it.

He's starting to shake and he whispers, "look at me baby, I want to see those beautiful eyes while your mouth gives me such pleasure."

My eyes meet his as my tongue moves down his shaft and my hand firmly begins to stroke his hard member. I wrap my lips around him and suck hard as I slide my mouth down his shaft to the base and lick the circumference, my tongue glides down and I lick his balls and suck gently. His legs twitch and he moans "Fuck. Your mouth, your tongue, it feels so good." I swirl my tongue around his shaft as I suck and continue to move him in and out of my mouth. I gently drag my teeth up his entire length and nip at the head. He's moaning and his legs shake and bow as if he will crumble to the ground at any moment. His head keeps rolling back every few seconds and then he brings it forward to look at me.

He releases my hair he had wrapped around his fist and gently pushes my head harder against his cock. We both let out a small moan and his breathing speeds up as his legs begin to quiver quickly. He swallows hard as I take him deep in my mouth so the head of his cock hits the back of my throat and I feel his cock begin to twitch.

"B-b-baby, I-I'm gon--na" he whispers with shaky breath, "oh god" I pull him out of my throat just a little as he hits his high, he moans "oh god, oh god, oh god, fuck, don't stop." I suck hard, continuously moving my tongue. Licking him as I keep him tight in my fist stroking his shaft quickly. I feel him release and taste the saltiness of his cum as it slides down my throat. His cock twitches one last time, his legs shaking, as he shivers and goosebumps erupt over him. His eyes slowly open and he reveals the biggest smile I've seen all night. I slide my tongue all the way up his shaft and lick the last bits of cum off the tip, I give the head one more quick little suck. I lick my lips as our eyes are still glued to one another. He leans down and places a kiss on my forehead then slides his arms under my arms, around my back and pulls me up against him. 

He quickly slips his tongue into my mouth and our tongues are tangled with one another as his breathing slows and mine begins to speed up. His hands are all over me. He slides his hand down and cups my sex, mmm, he hums as he smiles and says into our kiss, "you're so wet, just the way I like it."

I get chills just hearing him say how much he likes it when I'm wet.

"Baby, I love you." As he puts his hand under my chin forcing me to stop kissing him and look up into his eyes. "I thought we'd just have a few minutes alone but god damn you are horny as fuck."

"Yes, Zayn, I am. I haven't seen you in almost three weeks. You come out looking so confident, which is so hot in itself, then you're fucking soaking wet, dripping from head to toe, your sexiness factor hit an all time high. I almost lost it standing in the crowd watching you up there. I know it's going to be another few hours before we get home and I want you NOW, I don't want to wait."

"Whoa. Who's got all the confidence now? You've never acted like this before."

"I've never seen you perform like you did tonight. Something about the way you worked that stage, you were so confident, then soaking wet, the entire night drove me into a frenzy."

He places a soft kiss on my lips. "Becky, I love you so much but I'm afraid we're going to have to finish this at home, I need to get my stuff so we can get out of here. The guys are going