hope I didn’t say something wrong.’

‘No,’ Zayn assured him. ‘I think he’s just tired is all.’

Niall said he would call during break and they could set up another outing, Zayn said okay. Once he had gone and it was just the two of them again, the air felt a bit lighter, Zayn could breathe a bit easier. It was when they reached Lindenberg only a few paces from Zayn’s front door, that Louis stopped and said, rather accusingly: ‘You don’t want me around your friends, do you?’

Zayn wondered for how long Louis had been trying to decode him. ‘No,’ he said calmly. ‘That isn’t it.’

‘Then?’ It was obvious Louis would not budge from where he stood until he got his answer. With his arms crossed and his head tilted, he looked as annoyed as he sounded. Zayn had half the mind to keep walking just to see if Louis would follow, but he didn’t seem the type to chase after others. It was almost disappointing.

‘Then, nothing. It’s nothing.’ Zayn cupped the back of his neck, leaned his weight onto his right leg. He glanced fretfully between the sidewalk and Louis’s face which was frozen in a scowl. ‘It’s just…I’d rather you spend time with me than—well, than him. I guess.’

‘You mean, you’re jealous.’

‘I wouldn’t go that far.’

‘Hate to break it to you, but not wanting someone to spend time with other people is jealousy.’ He was smiling now, practically grinning. ‘You idiot.’ He swung an arm around Zayn’s neck and pulled him in.

‘Don’t make this bigger than it is.’

‘I’m not, but you are. You could have at least smiled a bit, huh? Pretended to have a good time.’

‘Did you have a good time?’

Louis paused for a moment, then nodded.

‘Then, so did I.’

Louis didn’t speak after that, but rather looked hard into Zayn’s face. It was a little overbearing with his arm still around him, their faces close enough that Zayn could see all the little thoughts and questions swirling just behind Louis’s eyes. It was quiet on the street; they could hear the neighbors inside their homes, cars from miles away. It wasn’t until a 757 roared overhead that Louis snapped out of his trance and moved away. He was laughing quietly under his breath.

‘When did you become so charming?’ he asked hardly loud enough for Zayn to hear. ‘If it’ll make you feel any better, we won’t spend time with anyone else as long as I’m here. Alright? Now, are you going to invite me inside, or what?’

They took to Zayn’s room and played FIFA 13 until sundown, then Louis left with the promise to return the coming morning. This is how their days went, week after week: they met on the rooftop, played with the cats before taking breakfast and leaving for the common. Some days they went to the river, and others they headed into town, but mostly they stayed on the roof, smoking cigarettes until they couldn’t anymore, talking about nothing that mattered. Zayn tried to forget that with each passing day they came closer to Louis’s eventual return to Conway, and their eventual absence from each other’s lives. He didn’t like to wonder anymore about what Louis did back home, because whatever it was, he wasn’t doing it with Zayn and that was not something worth thinking about.

On Friday evening, one week before Louis was due home, they lay on the roof beneath the cold winter sun; Zayn with his eyes shut, Louis, staring up at the overcast sky.

‘Have you a girlfriend yet?’ Louis asked. The question was conversational enough, though there was a catch in his tone that gave away how difficult it was to ask.

‘No,’ Zayn said without opening his eyes. They even stayed closed when Louis began pushing Zayn’s hair off his forehead.

‘Why’s that? Don’t tell me no one is interested, because I won’t buy it.’

He wouldn’t say that no one was interested, but nor would he say there was a line of admirers wanting to be noticed. Coming up on seventeen, Zayn had imagined by now he would have had his fair share of relationships, but it was a lot harder than it looked. He never quite found someone who could grab his attention or even his eye for that matter. And the thought of growing close to someone who would be undoubtedly replaced over time held no appeal to him.

‘There isn’t anyone I like,’ he eventually said, and since he was not looking at Louis he did not see the sadness that passed over his face. ‘What about you? Is there someone?’ and it wasn’t until the