really personal and like, cool, you know? 19:24

 

wish you were here. x 21:42

 

Liam looks at the clock on the corner of his screen and breathes out deeply. That was three hours ago.

 

He can’t even compose an articulate response no matter what he thinks. Liam’s still set with this sense of pride, but these texts Zayn sent him are forcing him to hold on to someone who wasn’t happy where he used to be.

And Liam’s only being selfish.

He closes out of the thread without a response and instead opens up Niall’s, rolling his eyes at the photo attachment the lad has sent of his trousers hung up on a cabled wire somewhere. Liam really doesn’t want to know. mad, the lot of you.

And then Louis who had just asked less than ten minutes ago if he was still up. Liam decides to respond as well. yea. Short and to the point, wasn’t it?

And then finally he’s checking his missed calls and Liam physically feels sick for a moment.

Zayn. Two hours ago.

“Fuck me,” he breathes out, clearing the notification before the voicemail one appears.

This one doesn’t even surprise him but it sure does amp up his nerves.

He opens his voicemail box up and Liam presses the play button, turning up the volume while he’s at it.

“Um. Hey, Liam. Just wanted to call to make sure everything’s alright? But...you didn’t answer, so. Here I am in your voicemail. Hah. Uh. Yeah, give me a call when you can, yeah? I know your schedule’s probably really busy and—“ there’s mumbling on the other end of the line followed by a petulant whine that Liam can easily place as Safaa. “no, Saf—he didn’t answer, I swear.” There’s more mumbling and Liam can barely distinguish the upset “‘…all to yourself!’ ‘Safaa, honey, please,’” that is easily Trisha.

“Sorry, um. Where was I?” Zayn asks the dead line and Liam’s free hand makes its way behind the nape of his neck, rubbing at it in a calming manner. “Oh, yeah. Just call me when you can. Please? Okay, gotta go. Bye, babe.”

It’s nearly one in the morning and Liam has no consideration towards Zayn and his sleep, so it seems, because he presses the call button before he can second guess himself.

And the line rings.

And rings.

And rings.

Liam’s lost hope after the fourth ring and he’s just removing the phone from his ear before a tired ‘llo?’ is making sound through his phone.

“Zayn?” Liam questions once the phone is back to his ear. “Shit, sorry, did I wake you? I can—I can call back and—“

“No, no,” Zayn responds groggily, Liam clearly hearing a yawn which inevitably makes Liam want to as well. But he bites it ba—no, nevermind. It doesn’t work. “’s okay,” he sighs out.

And maybe Liam is imagining Zayn rubbing at his tired eyes as he sits up because Zayn knows fairly well that if he stays laid in bed with no elevation, Zayn will fall back asleep in seconds. Not like he hasn’t fallen asleep standing upright, but, you know. Liam’s giving him the benefit of the doubt this time around.

“What time is it?” Zayn questions and Liam’s pretty sure he’s stretching then and there.

“Um, like. Late.” Liam responds dumbly, knowing fairly well he’s got a watch on his wrist to give him something, but he just doesn’t have it in him to actually check.

At least Zayn quietly chuckles at that which has Liam’s heart hammering in his chest.

It’s literally been less than a week since they’ve talked through the phone but it feels like an eternity.

And the thing is other people wouldn’t understand if it bit them in the ass. Because Liam has separation anxiety when it comes to Zayn. Always has. Since the X-Factor days when Zayn lost his granddad and Liam felt like there was a heavy weight of hurt in his chest while he was away, only leading to the massive thread they shared by the end of the short week Zayn was gone. To the first tour where Zayn lost a relative and headed back home and Liam kept sending him pictures of the city that they were currently in. To all the other times in between where there wasn’t a break and Zayn had to be away because no one got more homesick than Zayn.

Now it’s a permanent thing and it has pained him turning around to where Zayn is supposed to be on stage only to find it empty. God, he’s already fucking cried, never having done so to the point where he had to take a moment off the stage.

It’