fiddling with her tail that morning. Afternoon. It is afternoon, at this point, as a glance at the clock informs Louis. He’s still bored. But now Harry’s awake.

“It’s afternoon,” he tells Harry, setting his chin down across the other boy’s chest. “Entertain me.”

Harry yawns a little, which gets Tiamat to draw her paw back. His eyes get crinkly at the corners. “And how would you like me to do that?” Harry says, ever proper, even as his fingers are sliding across the planes of Louis’ lower back and down to grip his naked bum.

So they’re both naked, then.

Louis’ slightly less bored, he has to give him that. “Not like that,” he says anyway, because while he would like nothing more than to go back to bed with Harry (or stay in bed with Harry?) that would just make him sleepier. It wouldn’t solve the itch under his skin.

Harry’s hands leave Louis’ bum and come up to curl against his shoulder blades, his lips quirked in a knowing smirk. “Good morning, Lou,” he says gently, voice raspy. “Would you like to play basketball?”

Louis blinks. That wasn’t at all what he was expecting, but it’s brilliant. Like, Harry is the best person in the world.

“With the rest of the lads?” he says, smiling despite himself.

“Do you wanna go wake Niall?” Harry agrees, smiling as well.

Louis debates putting on actual clothing for about five seconds. “Absolutely,” he says, deciding not to. “Love you.” He presses a quick kiss to Harry’s mouth before he’s sneaking off into the hallway, Tiamat making pained noises and trying to cover his modesty as best she can.

“Careful!” Harry shouts after them, cackling. “People might think it’s catching!”

Louis shoots him a curious look. “What, nudity?” he calls back.

Harry just shakes his head and gets up to take to use the loo, so Louis turns his attention back to banging on Niall’s hotel room door.

“Niall,” he says. “I’m bored.”

There’s silence from the other room--no doubt Niall is trying to sleep in because it’s their day off and he’s finally got the single room--before Tiamat’s ears twitch and she mutters, “I can hear Eirian.”

Louis knocks again, trying to decide on the best pose to greet Niall in. Tiamat is still worryingly weaving between his legs, which is doing nothing to help matters, but Louis has long since mastered the art of flexing for shitty facebook selfies; he can do come hither. In fact, Louis’ come hither pose is so successful that he only had to use it on Harry once--after Harry’d finished coming hither and was safely ensconced in Louis’ bed.

Niall won’t know what hit him.

Louis is aware the effect is somewhat lessened by the smattering of lovebites Harry’s put all over his chest, but beggars can’t be choosers.

By the time Niall tugs the door open looking pained and half asleep, Louis has got one arm resting against the wall and his eyes half lidded. “Well hello there, stranger,” he purrs, and if Tiamat had hands, she’d be putting her face in them. “Fancy a shag?”

Niall’s mouth drops open for a quick second, eyes darting down to see if Louis really is as naked as his brain is telling him, before he’s grabbing Louis by the arm and hauling him into the hotel room.

“Jesus, Tommo, we’ve not bought out the entire hotel--what if somebody saw you--” Niall mutters, a blush staining high across his cheeks, as Louis cackles and flops himself onto Niall’s bed. Niall makes a face. “And now I’m going to have to wash the sheets,” he says.

Louis rolls his eyes. “It’s a hotel, Nialler,” he points out. “You don’t have to do anything.”

Niall shakes his head a little, one hand coming up to play with his hair. “Yeah, yeah,” he says. “Any reason you’re waking me on our day off like...that?” He waves a hand towards Louis’ cock and Eirian makes a pained bleating noise.

Tiamat seems to lose the battle against pouncing on Niall’s daemon, letting out something of a battle cry as she goes. Louis is reminded of that time during X-Factor where she chased Bethania’s tail all around the stage until Liam looked about two seconds from bursting into actual tears.

Evidentially Niall remembers as well, because he says, “please do not eat her tail, Ti,” like they talk to each other’s daemons every day. They do, but something warm still settles in under Louis’ breastbone anyway. He hadn’t really expected to find that much of a family in