right away, crystal clear and paining his eyes. His skin was surprisingly pale and his lips had gotten just a slight tint of blue.

With only a towel around his waist, Harry left the bathroom. “How much time do I approximately have?” Harry asked as he passed the door to Louis’ bedroom. He didn’t enter it, he didn’t wait for an answer from Louis, just continued to walk. He still heard when his roommate replied him through the walls of their apartment.“We leave when you’re ready, don’t take too long.” 

Harry didn’t reply, he just walked into his room. In the drawer of the bedside table he found half a bottle of whiskey that tasted shit, but he opened it anyway, drank right from the bottle, only a sip, before putting it down. 

Dress to impress wasn’t really a motto Harry lived by most of the time, but he was certain there would be photos taken today, and he didn’t want to look as shitty on the outside as he felt on the inside, so he put together an outfit that would work. Anything would work as long as he got his favourite pair of skinny jeans, but this worked extra well.

Some time passed. Harry ran a bit back and forth, and after getting dressed, brushing his teeth and successfully fixing his hair, he felt quite a bit more motivated to get out among people. He was not like a ray of sunshine like Louis was, he didn’t really feel like he was on his top game, but even though things were less than great, this would hopefully do him good. His rule number one was that socializing was never wrong. His friends and family were what kept him sane. 

Or maybe the rule didn’t really apply to this particular evening. Harry sat on his bed with the bottle in his hand, staring towards the window. When he took a sip from the bottle, he could hear the bedroom door open, but he didn’t move. “Starting without me, mate? Not cool.” Louis didn’t really mind it, though. Harry knew from the tone of his voice. He knew what Louis really thought and meant most of the time, just by his tone. That was how close the boys were.“Just having a little taste, gonna save the rest for later,” Harry said and got up, turned around. 

Louis, he looked like a god. He looked like the Greek god of sexiness, or maybe the Greek god of bubble butts or charm. Sexy tight suit pants, a white shirt and a cute little bowtie. His hair was messy; it looked like a bad hair day. Nothing suited Louis better than a bad hair day. Harry licked his lips, trying his best to stop staring.

As Harry put the bottle down on the bedside table, he knew this night couldn’t possibly end well. He hadn’t had a single fuck or wank in two days, there would be alcohol and lots of it tonight and Louis looked like he had literally just fallen out from his own wet dream. This looked very much like an upcoming disaster.  

 

”Why don’t I ever listen to you?” Things had turned out quite differently than Harry had expected. Right now Louis was the one to be drunk off his ass, just like Harry had warned him about after a few shots too many. That was quite the opposite of what he had predicted as they left their apartment earlier that evening. 

They were on the bathroom floor. The door was locked, and Harry was leaning up against the wall, quite drunk himself, with Louis’ head in his lap. He was lying dangerously close to his private parts. This was so good, so perfect. 

This was also absolutely horrendous. Just the fact that Harry had to try his best thinking of the nastiest stuff he knew, just to keep his member down. The queen naked, dirty underwear, dead puppies. Sadly, his drunken mind easily drifted away from the bad stuff and back into the sweet too-good-to-be-true reality, in which his friend was too close for his own good. Too close for anyone’s good, to be precise. His so very good friend was also really drunk, probably didn’t even notice that Harry was sporting a semi-hard cock. Probably wouldn’t mind either because he was such a careless drunk.

”Lou?” Harry spoke softly, but as Louis adjusted his head to look up at him, he realized he didn’t really have anything to say. He just wanted this precious boy’s full attention for a moment. Their eyes met, but the only thing filling the room was silence and it stayed like that for a while. Louis smiled up at Harry. His eyes were nearly closed, but the smile seemed so genuine and almost childlike, like he didn’t have a single worry in this entire world. 

“Harry?” Harry recognized this conversation, they had tried it before. Right after the little massage happening