feet and wrapped his arms around Louis, holding him tight.  “Holy shit, I can’t believe it’s you!”

“You can’t believe it’s me?  I can’t believe it’s you!” Louis exclaimed, ruffling Liam's messy waves when they let go.  “I had no idea you were here, this is great!”

Liam couldn't help but stutter the entire time, still dumbfounded that Louis was in front of him.  His face was clean shaven and Liam could see his eyes, still dark, still tempting, but still every bit of playful like he remembered.  Unable to say anything else, Liam hugged Louis again, making him squeal with laughter when Liam lifted him off the ground.

“All right, boys, that’s enough.  Take your seats we can start,” Professor Winston told them.

Throughout the time they’re in class, Liam and Louis did nothing but steal glances at each other.  They would smile when they met each other’s gaze, blushing as they went back to taking notes on their laptops.  Professor Winston ended class half an hour early on the grounds that it was the first day, and assigned an easy few chapters to read as homework.

Louis was quick to pack up his things and patiently waited for Liam to finish.  “Got any classes after this?” he asked, a little anxious.

Liam shook his head.  “My last one of the day.  What about you?”

“It’s my last one, too.  Do you wanna hang out?”

“Yeah, I’d love to!” Liam immediately answered.

“Come on,” Louis grabbed Liam’s hand, running out of the room, “we have loads catching up to do!”

—

The two end up having lunch in the school cafeteria, talking for nearly three hours, telling each other their high school stories before they headed to Liam’s room in Whitforde Hall.  Liam was surprised to know Louis lived on the floor above him, and Louis stopped in his tracks when he recognized the number on Liam’s door.

“Hold on, isn’t this Josh’s room?” Louis asked, confused.

“Yeah,” Liam drew out the the last syllable, “but it’s my room, too.”

“You’ve been roommates with him this entire time!” Louis said in surprise.  “He told me he was rooming with someone named Liam, but–” Louis paused, looking up with wide eyes, “I didn’t think it would be you.”

The door opened before Liam could say anything, met with the confused expression of Josh holding onto his backpack.  He suspiciously looked his friends up and down, then smirked when he noticed Liam shifting his feet.

“So, uh, are you two going inside?” he asked, wiggling his eyebrows.

“Josh!” Liam gritted through his teeth.

“Oh yeah,” Louis winked, “we’re gonna rock the entire building.”

“That’s what I like to hear!” Josh laughed, high-fiving Louis.  “I’m heading to class,” he turned to Liam, “but I won’t be back ‘til later, though.  The cute girl from my Statistics class asked me to be her study buddy the other day, but I’m pretty sure she meant something else.”  Josh looked around, whispering, “She slipped a couple of condoms into my pocket.”

"All right, Josh!" Louis exclaimed, patting him on the back.  "Go get her, tiger."

“When I come back, I'll be a new man," Josh grinned, giving the two friends a wave before he left.

Louis stepped into the room as soon as Liam opened it for him, admiring its cleanliness and immediately sat on Liam's bed.  Liam set his things down by his desk, quickly taking off his jacket and shoes.  He's surprised when he found Louis crawling under his thick comforter patterned with polka dots, burrowing himself into the bed.

“Comfortable enough?” Liam joked.

“Almost,” Louis smiled, poking his head out.  “Come lie with me.”  Liam froze, unsure of what he’d just heard.  “We can’t snuggle if you’re just going to stand there,” he said, lifting the comforter.

“Well, um, all right,” Liam rubbed the back of his neck.  He lowered himself to sit at the edge of the bed, scooting backwards into the open space in front of Louis.

“I said lie with me, not sit there like a rock,” Louis flatly remarked.

Just like with Iliana, Liam obeyed the command, adjusting himself to lie down.  He faced away from Louis, nervous to look at the one person he never thought he’d see again; the one that’s in his bed as if this were the first step to the path of reconnecting.

“Face me, Liam.”  He does as he’s told, shifting his weight around until he was finally face to face with Louis.  “I’m