expanse of Liam's chest slowly be revealed, the way his arms bulge against the material as he moves his hands down the buttons, and the way his cock presses obscenely against his dress pants -

Liam's lips quirk up as he pulls the fabric from his shoulders, eyes still intent on Zayn.

He stands, fingers working at his belt. "Turn back around for me babe?"

Zayn wants to be defiant and continue watching Liam strip off but he only groans and does as he is told, keeping his chin turned towards the side of the bed Liam walks away from, his pants sliding past his hips enough that Liam can see the start of his bum.

He comes back after a long moment, pants gone and his cock heavy and curved towards his belly. His hair is no longer in a perfect quiff at the top of his head, like he just worked anxious fingers through it.

He is beautiful, with thick toned thighs, covered in a smatter of pale, blond hair that darkens down his legs. His skin is sun kissed, torso browned down to low on his hips, right above the coarse hair surrounding his cock and jealousy burns through him imagining Liam on the beach, practically naked.

Liam looks at him for a long moment, hand circling his cock to squeeze at the base like just the sight of Zayn waiting there for him is too much-

Zayn knows his game, knows he only left Zayn to test his patience again. Zayn has been working on it, encouraged by Liam's praise whenever he does a good job.

"Get on your knees, babe," Liam says, as he nears and Zayn pushes up, his palms flat on the mattress, spreading his legs and arching his back.

Liam groans, climbing onto the bed behind him. "Eager, aren't you?"

His lips brush against Zayn's skin as he rubs a finger between his cheeks, barely touching him.

"Yes," Zayn breathes shakily. Liam circles his hole, only pressing in experimentally and it is maddening -

"Always eager for a cock in you, hm?"

Zayn only moans unabashedly in response, pushing back against the finger Liam slowly works into him. Spit slides down his thigh and Liam's halts his movements as he bites Zayn gently on the curve of his bum.

"What was that babe?"

"Yes," Zayn breathes out tightly.

Liam hums in approval, working his finger deeper.

He remembers how nervous he had been the first time Liam fingered him, and how Liam knew even though Zayn had kept up a façade of confidence. He had gentled kisses to his thighs, praised how tight he felt and how eager he was to get his cock into him, just like he always does because he likes how flustered Zayn always gets -

"Is this what you thought about when you got off t'me? Feeling full -"

Zayn makes an overwhelmed sound before Liam can finish and he chuckles, sliding a palm up the back of his thigh.

"Words, babe."

Zayn huffs out, falling to his elbows as Liam teases a second digit against his hole. It is so dragged out and slow that Zayn feels like he might burst but he is definitely still a ten -

"How good you feel inside of me," Zayn starts, clenching around Liam's fingers. He is addicted to the feeling really, Liam surrounding him, feeling full from his prick nestled deep inside of him.

"Want you um -"

Liam eases a kiss to the bottom of his spine, waiting for Zayn to respond. Always more patient than him.

"Rough like, that time in London?"

Liam groans, pushing the second digit alongside the first. It is one of his favorite memories, that he was able to hold on to for a few days after with the finger shaped bruises against his throat and down his thighs, the way his back ached and Liam pampered him with kisses every night of their trip after that, despite his promises that he could handle Liam being rough again -

"You weren't being good then," Liam tells him casually, working his fingers deeper and Zayn arches his back more, wanting Liam to get to that ball of nerves inside of him.

"I can be bad for you now," Zayn tries, words breaking off as Liam rubs his fingers against his prostate, his other hand cradling his hip to keep him still.

"No," Liam moans, scissoring his fingers a bit roughly. More liquid slides across his hole as Liam presses a third against him and Zayn feels dirty with Liam's mouth tonguing at his skin, spit collecting around him and fuck -

Liam loses a bit of his composure, stretching Zayn with quick fingers and eager moans that match the ones Zayn whimpers out. His legs shake as he tries to hold himself still, but Liam drags his hips back against his fingers with every thrust until Zayn gets the hint and grinds back against him.

"Good boy," Liam moans roughly as Zayn works himself against his fingers, his hips moving in well practiced motions. "You look so good like this."

"Yeah?" Zayn gasps, hiding