words.

It's been forty-five minutes and nothing comes to him. He can't, for the life of him, find the words that even begin to describe his feelings. Doesn't know what he could sing that could be a replica of anything that's happened. And maybe that's because it's still so raw, like he's been cut open and the wound hasn't begun to start its self-healing process.

As he taps the pen against the pad, his foot against the floor, his mind is blank despite the reoccurring flashback, going round and round like a carousel.

It drives him insane. And when he reaches boiling point, he stands up and pushes everything off the desk. It falls in a heap, it's loud and it creates a mountain of mess but shit, does it feel good. He does it to his pin-board, rips it off the wall and throws it out the door. He pushes over the music stands, punches through his painted canvas, snaps his brushes and pens. He picks up his guitar, the one Louis helped pick out when Zayn was just starting lessons, and smashes it on the floor.

A string flies off, the tail of it snaps, the head of it breaks and creates a crack in the cement. The sound is so loud that he jumps away from it as soon as the impact occurs. And then he sees the remains.

He decides not to think about it. Decides to walk out of there, walk out of his lot, walk down the street. He walks until he runs out of buildings and then he crosses the road and walks down the other way. He's not sure whether it's helping, or making it worse, but all he knows and all he's able to focus on is that if he spends anymore time there his thoughts will consume him until he does something worse than break his guitar.

"Dude, are you okay?"

Zayn turns. It's Ant, looking at him like he's never seen a person in distress before. Zayn blinks, then says, "I broke my guitar."

Ant looks away, then looks back at him, "What, like, a string, or--?

"I picked it up and I smashed it on the concrete."

"Well, no shit that'd break!" Ant frowns, shocked, "What were you trying to do, practice for a heavy metal concert?"

"Maybe."

Ant shakes his head. He runs a hand through his hair, and then he locks eyes with Zayn's again and squints his own, as though he were inspecting something. He crosses his arms, then says, "Zayn, what's really going on?"

-

"Imagine if I hadn't gone in the shed. Like, he bought me flowers, Harry. I would've been absolutely in love with him."

They've entered the freeway now, the roads blocked from end to end due to peak hour. 

"Weren't you already?"

"No, are you kidding?" Louis scoffs, then continues scrolling through his phone aimlessly, "I mean, it did feel like I was but now that I'm thinking about it, it was probably the idea of him more than anything. Like he didn't seem like a dickhead which is what I usually go for." He stops scrolling, looks up at the road, "I really don't have the best judge of character, do I?"

Harry doesn't reply to that and Louis doesn't blame him. He's been talking about it non-stop. Every side of it, every single angle he can nit-pick has been said, ranted about, dissected. Meanwhile, Harry's had to learn how to zone Louis out and only reply to the bits that require an answer. He seems completely bored but Louis can't stop himself. 

"I wonder how far it'd go, me and him, if I hadn't known." He starts to draw circles around his knee with his finger, "I wonder if he would've told me eventually when I was already in too deep."

"He would've."

"Well," Louis says, voice upbeat. He shifts his position in his chair so he's sitting upright. The traffic starts to move faster and Louis thinks they'll be home before dinnertime. "No use dwelling about it, is there? Did you wanna stop in at McDonald's on the way? I'm fucking starving now that I think about it."

"Lou," Harry's tone scares Louis out of his shift in attitude. And now that he looks at him he realises something's not right in the slightest. He's turned a bit pale, eyes wide and strained like he's holding something in. His arms are tense, hands tight around the steering wheel.

"Jesus, Harry, you alright?"

"I have to tell you something before I explode but