still, quiet of the flat. "You're not stupid," Zayn insists firmly, hands holding Liam' face in place so he can't squirm away. "Never stupid, baby. Don't like hearing you say things like that." Liam' gaze lowers and Zayn knows he's going to start crying again, so he kisses him before he can.

It's only a chaste brush of lips, but it's enough. 

"You don't get it," Liam snaps, whirling on him one night when Zayn is trying to cuddle him out of feeling sad for forgetting the word plant. Plant, for Christ's sake. "You don't know what it's like to wake up and forget the stupidest damn things, like where your toothbrush is or which door it is to our room."

His lower lip trembles and he bites down on it, hard. He isn't sad, he is angry and he wants Zayn so badly to understand but he can't fucking make him understand and it's not fair to try but it feels like he's stumbling through an endless expanse of moonless night alone and if that isn't the most goddamned terrifying thing, he's not sure what is.

"Babe," Zayn says gently, eyes glittering and Liam knows he's going to cry. "I know. I'm sorry. I just, fuck. Wish there was something I could do. I don't know what to do or how to help and I feel fucking helpless and I hate it, Zay-"

"I don't want this," Liam cries suddenly, cutting Zayn off and he feels like he's going to collapse, he's shaking so bad. "Gonna...forget...everything. You know that, right? That this is minor compared to how bad it's gonna get? Not gonna be able to sing or even fucking talk, Zayn," he whimpers. "I don't want to forget you."

He barely has time to process his own sobs before Zayn is engulfing him, arms wrapping tight around him, fingers digging into his back. Liam has quiet sobs wracking his body and from the way he's shaking he know Zayn's started to cry, too. 

"I'm sorry," Liam whispers, wiping his eyes on Zayn's shirt. "I know you're trying. You're perfect. I'm sorry I said anything."

He never brings it up again.

 

 

Zayn walks in on Liam snuggled under the covers with his knees to his chest, frantically scribbling onto a piece of notebook paper before pausing, tapping his chin with the pen, and going back to writing.

"What're you doing?" Zayn asks, nudging teasingly at Liam' legs. Liam just narrows his eyes and sticks his tongue out at him, eyes still trained on the paper in front of him.

"Tell me," Zayn whines, slithering coyly up next to Liam and nudging at his hip with his nose.

Liam sighs, capping his pen and folding up the paper into a tiny square, holding it firmly in his hand. "A letter," he says simply.

Zayn waggles his eyebrows playfully. "To who? Your one true love? Are you cheatin' on me, boo?" He reaches out to tickle Liam' sides and his heart soars when Liam gives in and squeals, curling in on himself.

"Zayn, stop," he pleads through his laughter, trying in vain to swat Zayn's hands away. Zayn doesn't stop though, because Liam' laugh is music to his ears and he wants to listen to it all night long. His hands still, though, when they graze over Liam' ribs, the shocking jut of his hipbone. He knows why - Liam' appetite has been nonexistent lately but it's still terrifying, realizing just how small hes gotten. 

"So small," he murmurs sadly, fingers curling around Liam' bicep and even he's surprised when he can fit his entire arm in the loop between his thumb and forefinger. 

"Always been kind of small," Liam retaliates, pulling the covers higher over himself like he's trying to hide. 

"Not like this," Zayn whispers, turning his sad eyes to meet Liam' gaze. Liam' cheeks are flushed, like he's almost embarrassed.

"It's a letter for you," he says softly, nose crinkling the way it does when he thinks something is funny, and Zayn stills. "The paper."

"For me?"

Liam nods, rolling onto his tummy. "For you."

"Do I get to read it?"

"Mmm," Liam hums, eyes fluttering shut and he peeks out at Zayn playfully, grinning. "Not yet. S'not done yet."

"Soon?"

"Yeah," Liam says, face almost unreadable. "Maybe."

 

 

Liam finishes his letter to Zayn the next morning while Zayn is making him eggs, even though his stomach is in knots and he doubts he'll be able