blushes. 

   He looks at me in the eyes squarely, and says, "yse, Haz. I'd love to be your boyfriend."

   We kiss, and his lips taste like chocolate mousse and lime.

~*~

   It's Zayn's big day today. He's dressed in a greyish-silver tux and striped red tie. I press the urge to jump him here. I count to ten and tell Zayn how hot he looks in a tux and he punches my shoulder gently.

   Time goes by and now...

   Show time for Zayn.

   "Our next contestant is Zayn Malik!"

   "Hold on," he holds out his hand. "I have the last minute song substitution!"

   What?

   "'Do you remember the first time we met?    One day I'll never forget    Oh my my, you looked so fine 

   We were in the room for couple minutes    I sang to your a song we both loved    I wish I told you how I felt right away

   I used to think that I was better alone    Why didn't I tell you how I felt?    Under the spotlight as we talked to each other    The kiss we shared I'll always cherish

   I want you to rock me, rock me, rock me yeah    I want you to rock me, rock me, rock me yeah

   I want you to hit the medal heavy metal show me you care    I want you to rock me, rock me, rock me yeah

   Do you remember the first time we met?    Wish I asked you right then and there    I wanted you and I should've marked you, aye aye

   I used to think that I was better alone    Why didn't I tell you how I felt?    Under the spotlight as we talked to each other    The kiss we shared I'll always cherish

   I want you to rock me, rock me, rock me yeah    I want you to rock me, rock me, rock me yeah

   R-o-c-k me tonight, r-o-c-k me tonight    R-o-c-k me tonight

   I want you to rock me, rock me, rock me yeah    I want you to rock me, rock me, rock me yeah

   I want you to hit the pedal heavy metal show me you care    I want you to rock me, rock me, rock me yeah~'"

   The entire audience gives Zayn a standing ovation, and some people even throw roses at him.

   I was just appalled. In a good way, of course.

   Did he write that song for me? If so, I really want him tonight. I really don't care we got together yesterday, I've been in love with him for three weeks. I can't wait...

   In a half hour or so, all the contestants have sung and the judges polly their votes. (Well only three of them are present but whatever, like it matters) I cross my fingers as a nervous Zayn leans into me and whispers "did I do okay, Haz?" I nod in response, taking his hand in mine and squeezing it reassuringly. "You'll win and if you do, we'll have celebratory sex." I wink at him and he blushes beet red. "Just kidding." I add when half the people around me look at me in dismay. Hey! I'm still 19, ergo my teenage hormones!

   "And the winner is..." the MC guy says and for the hundredth time today, I think the tie makes him look fatter. "Zayn Malik!"

   I kiss Zayn hard on his mouth, not caring that there're about 300 people in the room. He's startled to kiss me back first but eventually, I feel his lips moving against mine.

   After a while, we pull back so that he can get his prize - a 100 quids gift card for Starbucks. Kinda small but he just smiles, and the school paper camera lad takes a photo of him.

~*~

   We arrive at Zayn's home just after midnight, since Niall decided to throw a party to congratulate Zayn. I just think it's his excuse to get his Irish arse drunk though.

   Thankfully, Zayn and I are somewhat sober, and when he slams me against the wall, I see lust in his eyes. Wordlessly, he leans forward and kisses me hard, his semi grinding against my thigh as he growls against my lips. I kiss back with passion and suppressed want and need, my "little buddy" getting excited by this... play. I cup the back of his neck, pulling him close and nipping at his lower lip. He groans when my hand find its way to the button fly on his tight black jeans, (how does he wear them?) and lets out a relieved sigh once his jeans are removed, and we break off from the kiss for a short while to undress each other.

   Once we're gloriously naked, we resume our fiery kiss. I feel Zayn's hand tracing the collar bone, the tattoo I have there. Soon enough, they descend to their destination, lingering on my abs a little. I hiss