't even know if he did it on purpose or not but it's like, ironic that he picked that one.”

 

“What are you yammering on about?” Louis exclaims indignantly.

 

“I wrote that song,” Zayn admits softly, “thinking of you.”

 

Louis freezes. “Fuck you!”

 

“I’m serious. Jeez, here I am pouring my heart out to you here and all you can do is ramble on about Shahid…”

 

“Zayn, I swear to God if you are fucking with me I will eviscerate you!”

 

“Do you think I would admit something that embarrassing if it weren’t true?”

 

“WHY DIDN’T YOU MENTION THIS BEFORE?!?” Louis exclaims.

 

“You had a girlfriend,” Zayn says.

 

“You have a fiancé!”

 

Zayn snorts. “Yeah, she’s fucking lovely. Claims she doesn’t mind if I fool around while I’m on the road then guilt trips me into buying her bigot of a mother a house so she can facebook all this shit about Islam while sitting in it. You know I’m still under SYCO and Modest! Right? Nothing has changed there.”

 

“Stop!” Louis says suddenly. “I can’t handle this conversation right now. I’m not ready for this.”

 

“Okay,” Zayn says reluctantly.

 

“So anyhow,” Louis continues. “As I was saying, the boys and I miss you but we support you. We know how much this means to you. No matter how much the media tries to make it seem like we’re bitter or upset.”

 

Zayn smiles wearily. “Yeah,” he says but he looks happy to have heard the words from Louis’ mouth.

 

“As long as you’re happy,” Louis says, settling into his arms again.

 

“Still… The music is the only thing I seem to have any sort of control over… and no more 6am wake up calls. That’s by far the best thing to come out of this.”

 

Louis giggles. Of course Zayn would love the extra sleep more than anything. Probably even more than the music, although Louis can’t blame him.

 

"Hey bro, we need to head out soon."

 

Louis anger flares up immediately. Did this twat just have the audacity to call his Zayn bro in front of him? He's about two seconds from turning around in Zayn's lap and tearing Naughty Boy a new one when Zayn puts a comforting hand on his tummy.

 

"Yeah. Shahid, do me a favor? Call up the restaurant and let them know we have one more coming?"

 

Naughty Boy does not look happy but he grumbles an affirmative and buggers off for the time being.

 

"Where are we going?" Louis asks realizing belatedly that he doesn't give a shit if he isn't invited, he's going wherever Zayn is.

 

"Ivy," Zayn smiles at him. "And babe, I love you but you stink like airplane and you can't go to the Ivy dressed like that."

 

Louis snorts and rolls his eyes. "I'm going to borrow your shower. Then maybe I can knick some of my own clothes back."

 

Zayn pinches his bum as he gets up. "Cheeky bastard," he says with absolute fondness.

 

"Glad you noticed," Louis winks rubbing a hand suggestively over his bum. He makes it halfway through the door before he pauses, looking back at Zayn hesitantly. "You'll... you'll be here when I come down, yeah?"

 

He has no idea why he just said that. God, he sounds so needy! He is sure Zayn is going to poke fun of him because if the situation were reversed, he sure as hell would. But Zayn doesn't. He just smiles gently and walks over to press a quick kiss to Louis' temple.

 

"I'll be right here, babes."

 

Louis is as quick as he can be in the shower. He has almost a full week off and he plans to spend every possible moment with Zayn. When he makes his way into Zayn’s closet, really an entire bedroom he has dedicated to clothing, he finds that Zayn has stacked all of his clothes on the padded bench in the middle of the room. He rummages for a pair of boxer briefs and socks from one of Zayn’s drawers and tugs on a pair of trousers that look like they were painted on him. He briefly considers the pile of shirts on the bench then opts instead for Zayns black and white floral top laying off to the side. Zayn must have worn it not too long ago as it smells of fresh laundry, Zayn’s cologne and the faint scent of cigarettes. Louis wants to bottle the scent and spray it all over himself for their next tour.

 

Zayn is waiting for him at the bottom of the stairs, with the most beautiful adoring smile on his face.

 

“Looks better on you than me,” he says wrapping his arms around Louis’ waist once he is within reach. “You should keep it.”

 

“As if you were getting it back