, cliche guy in the world.” He shot over his shoulder before closing the door.

Liam tsked.

About an hour later, Liam was really tired and made way to open the door to the bedroom when it immediately shut back. Liam stared at the wooden door. “Zayn?”

“You can’t come in.” Zayn’s raw voice came through. “You can’t come in until I’m done.”

Liam frowned. “And when will that be?”

“Probably in 3 to 4 days.” Was Zayn’s reply.

“Zayn! I’m tired.”

“There’s a couch.”

“Zayn!”

The door opened and Zayn came out, slowly closing the door behind him. He had a blanket and a pillow in his hand as he smiled sheepishly at Liam. Liam growled and yanked the items out of Zayn’s hands as he stomped over to the couch, Zayn following behind. Liam set up the couch and snuggled into the blankets, the frown still visible.

“I’m sorry.” Zayn said. “I want it to be a surprise.”

“Go away.” Liam hissed.

“Baby no, don’t be mad at me.” He pouted.

“Leave me alone.”

“Leeeeyuumm.” Zayn sung. “I’m sorrrrryy.”

“Shut up and go work on your stupid painting.”

He heard Zayn get up and a door closing.

*

It’s been 3 days since Liam was able to sleep on his own bed. Not the couch wasn’t comfy or anything, just he missed being able to turn around without falling or stretch all over the place, but mostly he missed sleeping with someone else in the bed. He missed the heat radiating off them and the loose arm around his waist. He missed Zayn.

It’s also been 3 days since Liam’s had any contact with Zayn besides the quick, “Hi, how was school?” chat and rushed kiss before Zayn ducked back into the room. Liam would spend the rest of the day watching TV and eating gummy bears.

Well, today they were out of gummy bears and Liam didn’t feel like sleeping on the couch anymore, and I mean, he did pay half of the money for this place so he deserves to sleep wherever he wants.

He knocked on the door roughly. “Zayn! Open the door!”

“Hold on!” Zayn called back, “I’m almost done, I swear!”

“No Zayn, now!”

“Hold on!”

“Zayn, if you don’t open this door, I’m going to leave.” Liam mumbled, “Forever.” He decided to add, only to frighten Zayn.

When there was no response or any movement heard, Liam thought, Does he even care if I leave? I’m sure he has Jaan to return to. And they he froze. He had forgotten all about mystic Jaan. Was Zayn cheating on him? While he was at school, was Zayn off at someone else’s house making their bed warm instead of his? Was Zayn really that kind of person? That kind of person to have affairs and accidentally call each of his lovers the wrong names. Did Zayn call Jaan, Liam by accident? Or was he actually careful with his precious Jaan?

Liam felt tears rim his eyes as he made a move to leave when he heard Zayn’s quiet voice.

“You wouldn’t leave me, would you, Li?”

Liam whimpered lowly. “I love you.” He said without a second thought.

The door fiddled open and Zayn stepped out, hair, hands, and shirt trailed with paint and said, “I love you too.” Before reaching out and pulling Liam closer to him, kissing him quickly.

Liam tangled his arms over Zayn’s shoulders and held Zayn tighter to him, mumbling, “I missed you.”

“I missed you too.” Zayn said, pulling away.

“Can I come in now?” Liam questioned.

“I’m not done, Liam.”

“I don’t care. I want to go back into our room Zayn.”

Zayn sighed and opened the door wider, making a gesture for Liam to step in.

Liam followed and walked into the room he’s been 3 days without seeing. He nearly forgot what it looked like. It looked different alright - Not the messed up bed or the breaking nightstand. Not the chipped wallpaper or the slightly crooked ceiling light. No it looked different because there were paint stains all over the floor and paintbrushes laying around everywhere, but most importantly, there was a giant easel in the middle of the room with a painting of -


Him.


Liam stared, wide eyed at the work of art in front of him. It was an exact replica of a picture of Liam when they had first met. Liam remembered the curly hair that he had cut off so well. They were growing back rapidly but that didn’t mean he didn’t recognize his own self. His eyes were bright and mixed with different shades of brown as they stared up. Liam was looking