, eyes wide.

“I’m just so sorry about that,” Harry says in a fake sincere voice that Zayn can only guess is for Liam’s benefit. “Here, let me fix it.”

Harry proceeds to grab Zayn’s shirt by the collar and rip it open. Buttons drop and scatter as Zayn wishes he could just die and get put out of his misery.

“What—are you—doing?” he says, trying in vain to stop Harry from pulling his arms out of the sleeves and removing his shirt entirely.

“Just give me a minute, I’ll go find you a replacement,” Harry says. He has somehow finished, bundling Zayn’s juice-soaked shirt in his hands and making a quick, satisfied nod at the result.

Zayn is helplessly lost. He’s standing stripped to the waist, soaking wet, and freezing in the building’s air conditioning. Before he can do more than glare in Harry’s direction, Harry has completely abandoned him, and it’s only in that moment that Zayn remembers that Liam was witness to the whole thing.

Liam’s eyes are even wider than they were before. His mouth is hanging open the smallest bit as he stares for a few long moments at Zayn’s bare chest.

Embarrassed, Zayn coughs and crosses his arms. That seems to bring Liam back to himself, and he jumps a bit in surprise.

“I’m—Zayn, I’m so sorry, I just—Here, let me,” Liam says quickly, and takes off his suit jacket to hand to Zayn.

“No, you don’t have to—”

“No, please,” Liam says. “You look… cold.”

Liam flushes pink. Zayn tries not to think about what his own face must look like, and takes the jacket to wrap around himself.

“Thanks,” he says softly. The jacket smells like Liam, like the combination of colognes that he likes in the ratios that he’s always so particular about. And like something else, too, something that Zayn can’t fully place but that smells distinctly Liam-ish.

“You—um—” Liam starts a bit shyly. “I didn’t know you had more tattoos.”

Zayn glances down at his chest.

“Oh, yeah,” he says. “Well… yeah.”

“I like them,” Liam says, smiling.

Something flutters in Zayn’s stomach.

“Got it!” Harry calls, walking back onto the set with little apparent haste. He raises an eyebrow at Liam’s jacket where it’s wrapped around Zayn and tosses a dry shirt in his direction. Zayn gives Harry an unimpressed look, but pulls off Liam’s jacket and begins to replace it with the shirt.

“Enjoying the view, Liam?” Harry asks pointedly. Zayn glances up to see Liam staring intently at the sliver of his torso still visible through his yet-unbuttoned shirt. As Harry’s words register, though, Liam blushes anew, murmurs something about checking on Niall, and leaves the set quickly, only managing to bump into a spare camera once on his way out.

Zayn looks at Harry’s gleeful expression and shakes his head.

“I don’t want to hear any complaining,” Harry says, looking far too pleased with himself. “You two are going to be acting more disgustingly domestic than Niall and Ed by the end of the month if I have anything to do with it.”

Zayn has to admit, even if only to himself, that Harry might have a point.


 


 

“It’s all about sex,” Harry says, digging into his salad with surprising relish. “The thing that hopeless romantics like you don’t understand is that getting someone to walk down the aisle involves the exact same steps as getting them to fall into bed.” “Charming,” Zayn says after swallowing a bite of chicken. They’ve somehow ended up going out to lunch together to talk the plan over, despite a few of Zayn’s slightly persistent misgivings.

“True,” Harry corrects. “Look at what happened this morning. Liam was drooling over you. Even your oblivious ass must’ve noticed. And why do you think that was? It wasn’t because you bought him any flowers.”

“So basically,” Zayn says. “Your plan is to use ridiculous seduction techniques because you think they work just as well as normal-people-who-are-interested-in-one-another-interacting-normally techniques.”

“Better,” Harry says, pointing a fork meaningfully in Zayn’s direction. “They work better than all that nonsense.”

And Harry, to Zayn’s increasing bemusement over the next few weeks, proves to be right.

Every scheme that he comes up with, much as they each involve varying levels of humiliation for Zayn, Liam, or the both of them at the same time, manage to push them together in ways that might never have happened otherwise.

The particularly memorable incident that finally proves to be the catalyst for Zayn asking Liam out on a date