of his shaft pulsate, and within seconds, he knots inside me, making it harder for Harry to thrust into my heat.



  Not waiting for Zayn to finish, which would take up to an hour, Harry pushes me down to Zayn's chest and keeps his hand on my back, thrusting into me at alarmingly fast speed. I choke on my moans as he slams into my prostate properly, making me release my load between mine and Zayn's closely pressed bodies.



  Harry releases deep inside me with a final growl, his teeth nicking my skin at my neck. He pulls out rather quickly and shuffles until his semi is prodding at my lips. 



  "Suck," he purrs at me, his forest green eyes almost black with undeniable lust. Needlessly, I begin to suckle on his length, which is impressively large for an omega. Zayn thrusts up into my prostate, reminding me who's really in charge of this situation.



  Half an hour and dozens of mind-numbing orgasms later, Zayn's finished breeding me and Harry's happily curled up in his arm, his unruly hair tickling his nose. Zayn pulls out of me and cuddles me in, covering me up with a blanket.



Maybe this won't be a one off.




Part II




  It’s been four weeks (exactly) since I had the best night of my life, also referred to as the Grand Orgy Night when I talk to myself before I go to bed, and there’re… some unpleasant things that are taking place.



  I’m more tired than the usual, and there’s a constant urge to go pee every half-hour. Niall says I’ve been drinking a lot of water lately, like I’m a thirsty bitch, and I flip him off every time. Liam just give his beta-mate a scowling look, subduing him with his higher rank.



  “I think you should see a doctor,” Liam suggests one day. He and Niall stopped sucking faces long enough to tell me that. I feel so loved. “Aren’t you curious what’s happening to you?”



  “I’ll get more sleep at night, father,” I roll my eyes at the younger lad. Geez, he’s such a caring type to the point of annoying. “Really, it’s nothing.”



  “I’m seriously, Lou.” Liam gives me a level look.



  “Okay, fine. I’ll go to a walk-in clinic today then?”



-



  “Alright, Dr Hoffin will be with you shortly,” the nurse tells me as he seats me onto a chair. He gives me a lustful look, which I growl at. Am I a fucking alpha-magnet whether I’m on my Heat or not? “And if you need anything else, just press the buzzer.”



  Like I said, alpha-magnet.



  I pull my phone out and start playing Flappy Bird, even though it’s annoying as fuck and I can’t get past the score of 24 points. How the hell do people get 100 points and shite?



  I play the game for five minutes before Dr Hoffin comes in. He’s a middle-aged man with greying blond hair and piercing grey eyes.



  “So you’re here just for a check-up?” He asks, looking at me through his square-lensed glasses. “Have you any symptoms?”



  “Well, I’m tired all the time and my bladder needs to be emptied every half-hour,” I grimace at the last bit. I never needed to go pee that much in my entire life. “Sometimes, there’s a pain in my spine too.”



  “We’ll run some tests on you, is that alright? The results will be here within two weeks.”



-



  It’s been twelve days since I went to the clinic and of course, the rest of the band knows I had a check-up. They don’t show much indifference but sometimes, I see Zayn and Harry exchanging a look when they think I’m not looking.



  Weird.



  None of the boys are ­ not busy enough to accompany me to the clinic. Wow, I feel so much love from them.



  I drive with Radio 1 on, some song by The Vamps (I think it was them) on the radio. The lyrics are about what happened last night so I’m guessing that’s the title.



  When I walk in, I go to the reception to let them I know I’m there and within ten minutes, a nurse puts me into Dr Hoffin’s room.



  The door opens after ten minutes of waiting and he has bunch of papers in his hand so I’m guessing those are the test results.



  “Well, I must say my congratulations first, Mr. Tomlinson,” huh? I say inside my head brilliantly. “It looks like you are pregnant! You were 4 weeks in when the tests were taken so you’re into 6 weeks now.”



  Oh fuck, I hadn’t sex with anyone but Zayn