Harry was calming and a great cuddler, and that’s what Niall needed right now.

“I’ve got you love.” He promised, as he picked Niall up carefully. He carried the smaller boy to his bed, resting him down upon it and then laying down instantly next to him. The blonde quickly attached himself to the boy, burying his head into his chest, and he could feel the way the he ran his fingertips lightly against his back.

Harry breathed in Niall’s scent, his sweetness rushing inside of him. He noticed how the boy’s breathing had calmed down some and his loud retching sobs had gone down to little hiccups of tears. He hugged him even tighter when he adjusted his head up to look into the boy’s eyes.

He hated to say it, but Niall’s eyes were even prettier when they were stained red. The crystals inside of the bright blues were shining and radiating beauty. His face was soft as he ran his thumb over his cheek again, but this time the blonde’s eyes slowly lidded shut. He smiled, seeing a small grin come onto the boy’s face.

He was so beautiful, and Harry couldn’t believe he was holding him so intimately in his arms. Everything felt surreal as he realized how this was everything he had been ever wanting for the past few months. Of course, Niall not crying about Zayn would be nice, but he would never complain about anything.

He knew this was important to the blonde. Harry knew all he wanted was for Zayn’s feelings to be returned. He wanted everything from his past. He wanted to relive the old memories, knowing that everything was much happier and easier when Zayn had just loved him and wanted him.

After he lost that, Harry knew Niall thought that he would never be alright again. How could he think things would get better when everything was perfect right before he lost it all? Harry wanted to show him though, as he felt Niall’s head nuzzle into his chest again, that he could make him happy, that he could have everything and that happiness with him.

“Hey, Niall.” Harry spoke, his heart racing inside of his chest. He rubbed at Niall’s back slowly, as the boy hummed against him.

“Hm.”

“You know, I...” His breath cut off then. The words wanting to come out, but right now he could have never felt so unsure. He bit his lip and shook his head then, his mind tricking him out of what he wanted to say. Maybe right now wasn’t a great time. “Never mind it’s nothing.”

Niall sat up then, almost instantly, his bright eyes meeting with Harry’s nervous ones.

“No, what is it?” He questioned curiously, and Harry frowned, averting his gaze, but he immediately felt Niall’s nimble fingers pulling his chin back towards him. His heart then lodged itself in his throat and he cursed as the blonde smiled through his tears at him.

“It’s, just, can I tell you something?” He asked cautiously, and Niall nodded, his eyes a little nervous as well now.

“Of course you can, you always can.” He told him, and Harry sighed out and rubbed Niall’s shoulder then his hands fidgeting as his heart was beating faster and faster.

“I don’t want you to freak out though. Please, if it’s too much to handle just, don’t say anything.” He pleaded, and Niall bit his pink lip once again nodding his head but this time a little slower.

“O-Okay.”

It was quiet for a moment then with Harry’s hand limply falling to the side. He knew what he wanted to say, but it continued to get restricted inside of his throat. He saw the way Niall was staring at him waiting, his wondering eyes prying at his own. He gulped then, and instantly spat out what he wanted to sort of say.

“I think- I think I really like you.” He blushed, knowing that wasn’t exactly how he wanted to say it, but it was too late now, and when he saw Niall’s jaw drop a little, his heart began to panic. “I know this is the last thing you want to be hearing right now. But I want you to know that I care for you so much, ever since the first day I met you.”

He admitted, not allowing his eyes to meet Niall’s yet. His heart was hammering against his ribs and if he looked at the blonde he was pretty sure his ribs would crack as it spasmed.

“I didn’t realize it at first, but along the last couple months I figured it out and I know you probably don’t feel the same way at all, but-”

“Harry, I-I know what you mean.” Niall cut him off, his voice soft, and when Harry’s eyes snapped up to meet Niall’s he saw him smiling, and