.

 

Half an hour later, Niall departs from Harry’s luxury mansion to retire to his humble flat.

He has an unexpected guest.

“I can’t remember your name, but I know you’re a friend of Zayn,” Niall offers his hand.

“My name isn’t all that important,” Niall detects a Yorkshire accent. “But Zayn’s life is.”

“Oh?”

“You can’t destroy the fame he’s built,” the man’s piercing blue eyes scare Niall. “He has a reason why he never speaks about his past, or his family, to start with.”

“I’m guessing you know.”

“I’m not his best friend for nothing,” the older-looking lad rolls his eyes. “He didn’t have a smooth past, nor is he willing to change anything about the current him.”

“You’re the reason why Zayn is refusing to quit,” Niall hisses at the stranger.

“No, I didn’t say anything I’m telling you just yet,” he sighs, looking tired. “I voiced my opinions to you because I know Zayn will listen to you.”

“Why?”

“Because people do stupid things when they’re in love, and tend to listen to that person the most,” the friend sighs again. “You can’t say a word about this, you hear?”

“Louis,” Niall recalls. “Why should I do anything for you?”

“You love Zayn.” It’s a statement, not a question.

-


June 2015


Niall feels like shit.

Oh, correction, he is shit.

For last five weeks, he’s been avoiding Zayn.

Why? He doesn’t know other than the fact that had he done that, he would have taken Zayn somewhere they can be alone.

Love makes me do weird shite, Niall notes.


   



 73 unread messages from Zayn 



 32 voicemails 



 5 missed calls from Zayn 


 

“I can’t dodge you forever,” Niall dully notes, looking outside into the foggy Mullingar fields.

He moved back to Ireland, the terrain of England interlaced with all the memories he shares with Zayn. This way, he can be less tempted to bolt to Zayn.

In theory.

Every night, different scenarios of what could have been plays in his head vividly, a cruel and painful reminder.

A reminder of what Niall can’t have.

“Maybe this is wishful thinking,” Niall murmurs. “Mindless daydreams of how I can love you more.”

“You’re fucking right on that,” a familiar voice booms from the porch. Being the awesome person he is, Niall falls from the rocking chair.

“Zayn?” Niall splutters out, immediately thinking his lovesick brain is conjuring images.

“No, I can’t believe you fled from me,” Zayn growls, his dark amber eyes smouldering with some sort of promise. “Niall, I told you I love you because that’s the truth. I told you I love you because I saw a future for us. How our lives are–”

Whatever speech Zayn has prepared, Niall cuts it off with a fierce kiss. It’s not an I missed you kiss, or I fucking love you kiss. It’s a simple you’re mine kiss and they both know it.

“That’s one hell of a kiss,” Niall giggles against Zayn’s plump lips. “How’d you find me?”

“Wasn’t too hard to track your phone,” Zayn thumbs at Niall’s lower lip. “Did you honestly think you could escape me like that?”

“You didn’t try to find me for nearly two months,” Niall points out.

“No, I had work,” Zayn sounds bashful now. “I couldn’t lay those bastards off of my back long enough to hunt your arse down.”

“We can’t have whatever it is that you planned as long as you remain a pornstar,” Niall glares at his reunited lover. “You know that.”

“I told you it’s complicated, Mr. Stripper,” Zayn growls back. “We both of high-maintenance jobs and it’s up to each of us to quit or not.”

“You can always make for the runway.”

“About that…” Zayn rubs at his stubble.

“I’m listening.”

“Some fashion CEO came to the studios couple days ago to see me in person,” Zayn gushes out. “He was pleased with my physique so he told me to come to Barcelona, like, tomorrow.”

“Wow, I thought you didn’t do modelling at all, Malik,” Niall retorts teasingly. “Like I haven’t seen you naked before.”

“This is serious, Niall,” Zayn warns calmly. “If things go well on a sodding runway, I can quit my acting job.”

“That’s a big if.”

-

Niall excuses himself from Ireland to catch a flight to Spain that night. The plane was barely occupied, given it was a private jet, and Niall is currently naked.

“Mm,