, who turned to him at the same time. “I am too afraid to tell anyone else. Can I trust you?”

“Yeah,” zayn said, not thinking too much, since niall was just a child, and child doesn’t have “secrets”, or do they?

“I think I like boys,” he said sheepishly, voice low and soft, “I told mama once that I had a crush on Sean, but she said it was impossible and wrong,” zayn stayed silent, waiting for him to continue. “Is she right?”

Zayn thought about it for some time; he didn’t know how to explain, since this question was always not easy to answer. However, he felt it his responsibility to assure niall that his feelings were not wrong, that it was ok to like someone of the same gender, even when so many people would tell you it was wrong.

“She was the one in the wrong, niall. It is perfectly normal to have a crush on a boy. Why not?” he chew on his lips a little, “you know, I like boys too. It is ok. Love has no gender, anyway.”

“Thank you, zayn.” Niall smiled, almost blinding. “You will come visit me sometimes, will you?”

“of course,” zayn smiled too, “of course I will.”

*i*

Zayn had visited niall regularly the whole summer since the first time. He learnt that niall loved pizza, that he loved sports (but his activity was limited due to his physical condition) and had the habit of laughing out loud. By the end of summer, they had become good friends (if zayn caught niall staring a little bit, he wouldn’t tell). Zayn decided that niall was the cutest kid he had ever seen. Some of other kids were gone before summer ended, but it seemed that niall would not be soon discharged from the hospital.

He never got to ask about Niall’s disease though he had met his parents several times (and they liked him, he supposed), never really knowing what kept niall in that little ward, probably because zayn never had the guts to do so in fear of something too horrible for him to bear. It was niall, for god’s sake. His laughter was golden, and he deserved all the sunshine in the world, seriously. He couldn’t even imagine the possibility of niall being sick and suffering from pain – it’d kill him. So they never talk about the disease, pretending it didn’t exist.

*i*

It was the last time of zayn’s visit to the hospital, and this time niall looked paler than ever, lips chapped. His eyes were not shining as they usually did, and there was a hint of sadness in them. Zayn knew he was sad about him leaving for a whole semester, not being able to visit him any time soon until the next holiday. Zayn was sad too, and his heart would always grow fonder whenever niall was around. 

Niall was special, nothing like the other kids in hospital. They were lovely too of course, and fragile. But niall, he was like a little ball of sunshine with a heart of gold, delicate fair skin and soft brown hair. Zayn wish he met niall somewhere else, not in this monstrous, dull, scary place that was a hospital. It just didn’t feel right.

“You will go back to school soon right?” niall asked, not really looking at zayn, “I used to go to school you know, a lot of fun with all my friends. They are amazing. My best mates are harry and louis. They promised to visit me but their parents sent them to a summer camp or something. Anyway, it was great fun with you, too.” He finally looked up, cheeks reddened a little, “I’ve been thinking, um, like can I call you zaynie? I like to think up nicknames for my friends. Harry’s is Harold and louis poo bear, hahah.”

Zayn wanted to say, that is cute, you know I will let you call me whatever you want to. Instead, he just nodded with a smile too fond.

“and… I think i like you a lot zaynie,” niall said, voice more serious than ever. “what do you think? You like me back?”

Zayn was speechless for a moment, just kept staring into those blue eyes. He looked so young, so beautiful, and zayn couldn’t think of any reason to not love him.“niall, of course I like you back,” he said, ”just… not in that way; probably someday, but not now.”

Niall was confused, brows knitted together like a lost puppy. “not in ‘that’ way? What does it mean?” Zayn sighed, trying hard to explain, “when you grow up, you will understand what I mean. Just remember I like you a lot too alright? I promise I will come back the next time I take a break.”

“But