has sung this song to him before, one morning after a long night of talking about heartbreak and past love, with Liam grumpy and unwilling to disentangle himself from Zayn and his bed. Liam was always a bit cut off after opening up, and Zayn had just been learning that, learning how to comfort him through it.

“I like this song,” Zayn says quietly after a few moments, handing him back the headphones, his chest tight after ‘I could make you happy, make your dreams come true’ hits too close to home.

Liam nods, settling the headphones around his neck. “It used to be my favorite song.”

“Used to?”

Liam's brows push together as he laughs in embarrassment, cheeks flaming a pretty red color. “Yeah, um. Maybe sometime I'll show you my new favorite. If that is okay.”

Something curls in Zayn’s belly, making him uneasy. He doesn't want to hear his song with Sophia, and by the flash of a nervous grimace that takes over Liam’s face for barely a second, Zayn knows that is why it is his new favorite.

“I meant what I said the other night, about wanting to see more of you. Like, if that is something that would be okay with you.”

Zayn nods, stepping a bit closer to him. He has dialed Liam’s number a thousand times since then, trying to think of something for them to do before locking his phone and tossing it aside. The only thing he wants to do with Liam is imprint his feelings for him onto his skin, and he can’t.

“David is performing tomorrow,” Zayn murmurs, tilting his head. He wonders if David bothers Liam even half as much as Sophia bothers him, though he knows she is probably nice or whatever. He can’t see Liam with someone whose heart isn’t the same size as his. “I planned on stopping by. Will you be there?”

Liam's face hardens for a moment before he nods, tucking a finger under Zayn’s chin quickly. “Yeah, I'll be there.”

+*

Hello, how are you
It's so typical of me to talk about myself I'm sorry
I hope that you're well
Did you ever make it out of that town where nothing ever happened


Zayn eyes the words scribbled on the paper, a tune sounding in his head but his mind goes blank after a few moments. It had came in the mail this morning, though Zayn isn't sure if Liam has his address. Harry just makes sure it always finds him, anyway.



It had been incomplete, a few verses scribbled down and Zayn has tried adding some, needing one more song before he releases his EP but he can't think of anything.. The words have been too hard to find lately. He stares at his handwriting, scribbled over Liam’s as he tries to put their feelings together.



He cringes, reading the words, imagining how Liam looked while he had written them. How often he used to apologize when he would take over the conversation, though Zayn never minded. He could listen to Liam talk about anything for hours, entranced by the way his lips moved as he spoke, interested in whatever it is that was going through his head. Wanting to be the person Liam could always talk to, without any fear of pushing Zayn away with his words. 



Zayn drags the tip of his pencil across the paper, scratching out a few words when they don’t flow properly in his thoughts. He isn’t sure if Liam meant Wolver-Hampton as the town where nothing ever happened, or if he knows he is Los Angeles, the farthest place he could go to get away. 


I'm in California dreaming about who we used to be
When we were younger and free
I've forgotten how it felt before the world fell at our feet

 

“So what happened in Los Angeles?”

Liam watches Zayn sink back against the bar, eyes on the stage as he watches David dance around it, his voice echoing through the room. It is a fun crowd tonight, the younger weekend club crowd and it is nice having them here, dancing around and busying up the bar.

“Hm?” Zayn asks, tugging his eyes away from David and frowning at him. He looks so soft under the dim lights, his hair in a loose quiff and his sweater bunched around his wrists. A sweater of Liam’s - he recognizes it, but he won't say anything because it makes something sweet swell in his chest seeing Zayn wear it and he doesn't want to scare Zayn off by saying so.

Even if they are just friends, as hard as that seems to be because he can't control the craving for small touches, he just wants Zayn in his life somehow. Any way he can have him, and he doesn't want to mess it up this time.

“I reckon it didn't go so well if you're searching for a job at Julian's,” Liam