stroking at the bone.

it’s slow, because they’re aren’t fast and rough, not really. their relationship was never fast or rough — always soft hands and quitely flirting, so it fits, really. and zayn’s doing most of the work, liam letting out soft little moans of appreciation. it’s only when zayn digs his nails into liam’s shoulders and lets out a choppy, “i’m gunna — soon,” that liam let’s one hand slide down zayn sidesand to his hip while the other goes to zayn’s prick again.

"yeah, okay," he says and then he’s he’s fucking up into zayn and pulling at zayns prick and so horribly sloppy but it feels so good and it’s all it takes for zayn to let out a whisper — a real, serious whimper — all of liam’s fingers and chest. “‘s pretty,” liam says, and then he’s coming, too, grip on his hip tightening as he let’s out a strangled groan.

zayn’s slumps against liam’s chest, can’t help it. “that was nice,” he says, words muffled by liam’s skin.

liam laughs, runs a hand down zayn’s back, over each knob of his spince. “yeah, s’nice.”


.first date


it’s not like, the best first date zayn’s ever been on (that still goes to louis, even if they never did work out romantically). but it’s still nice, given that it’s in liam’s tiny little flat and their sat on the floor in either side on the coffee table because liam doesn’t own a kitchen table and he refuses to let anyone eat while sitting on his new plush leather couch.

“‘m not a very good cook,” liam says as he sets down a glass of coke in front of zayn and settles down on a pillow he grabbed from his room (because yeah, no couch pillows are allowed on the floor, either). “but i cooked something i knew i probably couldn’t mess up.”

"it’s fine — good," zayn says, smiles as he spoons at some rice. it’s not anything amazing, just stir fry, but it does taste good — still hot and spicy (which is nice, even if zayn doesn’t know what liam did to make it like that).

"yeah?" liam says, grins wide enough for his eyes to wrinkle and yeah, zayn might be half way in love with this guy.

"yeah," zayn confirms, nods and smiles adoringly at liam because god, liam is the nicest, loveliest person zayn’s ever met. "the best i’ve ever had,"

liam giggles, chokes on his coke and zayn rolls his eyes becausereally? he’s into a guy that thinks sex jokes are funny. of course he is.


.first time meeting the family


"you’re shaking," liam says.

zayn looks down at his hands, realizes they are shaking and squeezes them into fists. he doesn’t know why he’s so nervous. he shouldn’t be so nervous. he’s a people person — people love him, so he’s got nothing to worry about, really. except — except this is liam’s family, they aren’t just people; they’re his boyfriends family, and what if they don’t like him? when if liam realizes he doesn’t like zayn as much as he thought he did and leaves him?

"stop worrying so much," liam says, reaches over and tangles their fingers together with one hands as he turns down another street. "you’ve got nothing to worry about, they’re gunna love you,"

"alright, yeah," zayn says, nodding his head, squeezes liam’s hand in a death grip and runs liam’s words through his mind. nothing to worry about; they’re gunna love you; stop worrying so much. except — “what if they don’t, though?” he asks, turns his body to face liam with wide, worried eyes. “what if they take one look at my tattoos and like, hate me?”

liam rolls his eyes, just as the car rolls to a stop in front of a white house with a blue door and flowers growing out front. turning off the car, he faces zayn with an exasperated smile. “they won’t hate you, zayn. no one could ever hate you, you dork. too pretty for that, aren’t you?”

huffing, zayn rolls his eyes, chooses to ignore liam’s words, even if his cheeks do turn a light shade of pink and the butterflies in his stomach flutter from something that’s not nerves. “just because you like me doesn’t mean they will,”

"i’m not going to argue with you about this," he says, rolls his eyes and like, zayn knows he’s being difficult