should have come,” Liam insists, confused on why he said that part. He is always welcomed, always. Liam has made that clear – nothing has changed. And panic floods through him at the mere idea of Zayn leaving right now, and it coats his words when he speaks. “Because I need you, okay? And I would like you to stay, please.”

When the words leave his lips, he regrets them instantly, before Zayn gives him a hard look, remembering the same thing as him.


Please think about it more, Z. You should stay. I need you, okay? I need you to stay –


“I’m sorry,” Liam says quickly, grimacing at himself. “I’m not trying to make you feel bad. That’s just how I feel. All of the time. For like, most situations, actually. Like – just by my side is where I need you to be -”

Zayn groans, stepping forward and sliding an arm around his neck. “I need you too, Liam. But I need you to stop bringing up me coming back, okay?”

Liam shakes his head stubbornly, holding Zayn’s hips to pull their bodies together. That is probably why they never talk about it, because this is how the conversation ends every time – with Zayn shutting down after Liam asks him to come back. “I need you to.”

Zayn makes a pained noise before they are finally kissing, lips slotting together perfectly. It has been months since the last time they kissed, sometime around the start of the tour. And he has missed it so much – isn’t really sure why it stopped, or the moment he realized he couldn’t pull Zayn somewhere hidden and plant their lips together like they always do.

Zayn cups the back of his head, tilting his chin some to deepen the kiss, tongue working against the seam of Liam’s lips until he parts them. The food goes forgotten as Liam steps Zayn back against the refrigerator, sliding his palms underneath that plaid shirt just to feel more of Zayn’s skin.

A soft moan vibrates against his lips as he sucks Zayn’s tongue gently into his mouth, tasting the stale of cigarettes and something fruity. He blankets Zayn’s smaller frame with his own, stitching the length of their bodies together.

“Liam,” Zayn gasps brokenly, eyes blown out before he moves his lips to Liam’s throat.  He nudges a knee between Liam’s legs, spreading them to grind his hips up against Liam’s, silently telling him what he needs.

It has been even longer since they did that, touched each other in a way other than their regular gentle, innocent touches because Liam has a problem with being unable to stop himself from touching Zayn.

The last time was during the break before the tour, when Liam surprised Zayn at the studio because he had blown him off twice in a row and he missed him, and it had been angry and quick and in the back of Liam’s car.

“Okay,” Liam huffs out, cupping the back of Zayn’s thighs to pick him up, his legs hooking around his waist. He tilts his chin for Zayn to kiss him again, blindly walking through the house.

The hat gets knocked somewhere and Zayn works at the buttons of the plaid shirt he wears, letting it fall to the floor of the hallway outside of Liam’s bedroom.

Zayn starts on the buttons of Liam’s shirt when he drops him on the bed. He leans forward, unable to stop kissing Zayn as he works on the buttons of his jeans too, eager to get their clothes off so all of their skin can touch.

“You know I love you right?” Zayn hums, a vulnerable look in his eyes.

“I do,” Liam says, pushing Zayn back so he lies flat and Liam can crawl up his body, biting back his it doesn’t change anything, does it?

He drags his fingers up Zayn’s torso, cupping his cheeks and sliding one hand across the prickly hair at the top of his head. Liam misses the longer hair suddenly, wanting to card his fingers through it.

Liam kisses Zayn slow, lips hard against the other man’s so he can feel how much Liam loves him too with every drag of their lips. Zayn pushes the shirt off of his shoulders, nails scratching slightly at his skin until Liam pulls up and shucks it off.

Zayn watches him, eyes dark as he hooks his fingers on Zayn – Liam’s joggers. He pushes off the bed, lifting his hips so Liam can pull them past his hips, revealing the way his cock strains against his briefs.

“You had a new pack of briefs in your drawer,” Zayn says shyly, biting around his grin. “And I opened them. Hope that’s okay? I didn’t actually bring anything with me and I thought you were getting back yesterday.”

“Yeah,” Liam breathes, leaning back down to scrape his lips across Zayn’s chest. “You can take whatever