have to give again. Niall figured that everyone bought his excuse and moved on; because let’s face it, it was easy to put Niall on the back burner. And he got it; the boys had enough to worry about in their own lives. But sometimes, Niall just wanted someone to notice him. He just wanted someone to care. Was that too much to ask?

He had gotten really good at hiding the angry red marks on his wrist. When their tour moved to the states, he had even moved the places he cut to his thighs so they weren’t noticeable. Now they were back in England, where he could get away with wearing hoodies and jumpers, he was back to cutting his wrists. While slicing the soft skin of his thigh had been a good alternative, nothing could compare to digging that knife into the rough skin of his wrist.

Last night, he had cut deep, bleeding for hours. Niall thought he had gone a little too far, and didn’t think it would stop bleeding, but eventually it had and here he was, arriving at the studio to lay down his part of the tracks that he knew would get overpowered by the rest of the band member’s voices. He wasn’t even sure why he was in the band anymore. Maybe it was because four member boy bands didn’t do as well as five member boy bands? It was a stupid reason, but it sounded true enough. He’d never seen a popular foursome boy band.

After singing his part of the chorus and walking out of the little recording room, Niall stretched. He hadn’t got much sleep last night due to the fact that he had been trying to wait until he stopped bleeding profusely into the tissues. What he wasn’t aware of was that the sleeves of his shirt had slid down when he did this, revealing to the rest his ugly red scars. Thankfully, when he subconsciously tugged his sleeved back over his wrist, no one had noticed them. Except that one of them had, and this was really getting out of hand. Niall would later regret that stretch.

He was sitting on the couch while he waited for the rest of the boys to finish up, when Niall felt the couch dip under the weight of someone. He didn’t have to look away from his guitar to know it was Zayn. Them being the two quietest ones, they seemed to be more aware of one another than the rest of the lads.

Niall hummed a few chords of the song he had been writing, which no one seemed to care that he had been writing for this album. “What’s up, finished?” he said, his eyes still trained on the guitar in his lap.

“Niall, what was on your wrists?” And Niall freezes. He thought he had gotten away with it. He sighs, closing his eyes.

“Niall, tell me. What is it? What’s been going on with you? You’re acting different.”

He knew that Zayn was just being his protective self. Heck, Harry had even said in an interview one time that the olive skinned boy was protective over Niall.

“’S nothing. Don’t worry about it. Go back to the lads.” He states, not looking over at Zayn, knowing if he did, he might betray himself.

Without permission, Zayn is grabbing the wrist that has the deep cut, and Niall is wincing involuntary as the sleeve of his jumper is pulled up to reveal what he had been doing the night before. A gasp escapes Zayn’s lips, whether he meant it to or not.

“Niall… what have you done?” His fingers went to the raised skin, feathering the pads of his fingers softly over it, and while Niall feels the pressure, he doesn’t feel anything else. He’s learned to go numb a long time ago.

“I said it was nothing, please leave it.” He said, pulling his arm away and shoving his sleeve up.

But Zayn isn’t having it, and he’s making Niall talk, whether he has to sit on him and tickle his way to some answers. “Niall, we can do this the easy or the hard way. The easy way is that you talk to me, the hard way is I go to the boys with this, and you know what will happen if I have to do that. So it’s really your choice.”

Niall groans because it’s really not a choice. The lads would put him in therapy or something and he didn’t want that. No, he guessed talking to Zayn was the better option.

“I’m not good enough.” He simply states, and he thinks that is the best way to describe what he’s feeling and to get why he’s cuts, but Zayn is looking at him confused.

“I don’t understand why aren’t you good enough?” Zayn is asking.

Sighing, Niall props his guitar on the side of the couch. “I’