movie?" Niall asked. Zayn breathed heavily from the running for a moment. 

"Sure."
__

"I'm sorry Niall," Nic looked down at the magazine, a giant photo of him kissing Zayn splattered on the cover.

"FIGARO FIGARO FIGARO- AAAAHHHH!" Louis walked by the open door scream-singing. Liam followed behind quickly.

"Louiiiiis, my Batman action figure doesn't sing opera!"

"...okaaaay. Anyway, this will blow over soon. And trust me, I can see that you still have his friendship." 

Niall flopped backwards on the bed.

"I'd better. Cause if I lose it over this, I will pitchfork Peter to the wall."

"Wassup?" Zayn entered the room and Nic waved lazily from her perch on Niall's dresser. Zayn didn't miss a beat and sat down on the chair. Niall sighed. 

"I hate my life, that's all." He chucked the magazine at Zayn, but it missed and slid out the door.

"Ooh, magazine." Louis leaned over in the doorway.
"Aah! My eyes! I'm blinded!" he ran off and dropped the magazine. Liam picked it up and threw it in the rubbish bin.

"We don't need that. We'll be fine, 'kay?" 

"I'm just bored right now," Niall moaned. Zayn stood and flopped on the bed with him, laying his head on Niall's stomach.
Niall sighed with relief inwardly, reaching down to play with Zayn's mussed quiff.

"I think we should all go out. The five of us," Liam suggested. Zayn smiled, eyes closed as Niall played with his hair. 

"Why don't we bring Nic?"

"Sure, if she wants to come," Niall shrugged. Zayn and Nic had suddenly gotten on better, and Nic always had a knowing smile on her face when she talked to him.
Niall groaned at her un-subtlety (which probably wasn't a word but there seemed to be no better alternative). 

Zayn sat up. 

"I'm bored. You're bored. We're in a fake relationship. Let's have some fun with this." Niall raised an eyebrow.

"What did you have in mind?"
__

"Oh Niall, your chin is the most perfect thing ever!" Zayn gushed. 

"His chin," Louis deadpanned. 

"Yes," Zayn said defensively, hands covering Niall's chin as if to hide it from him. The interviewer let loose a laugh before shutting up abruptly. 

"Uhm, anyway..."

"Zayn! How could I have not noticed your adorable hairline! I think I was too busy looking at your eyes..." Niall fought a laugh.

"His hairline," Louis deadpanned again. Liam rubbed his forehead. 

"This is going to be a long interview," he muttered, before smiling sweetly at the interviewer.

"You're too far away Zaynie," Niall wailed. Zayn grasped his waist and yanked him onto his lap.

"Better?"

"I can breathe!" Louis shouted, rubbing his side. "Now that Niall's not sitting on me anymore." 

Maybe this was a bad idea. But it made Zayn laugh and Niall couldn't resist Zayn's laugh.
__

They got oddly used to it, grossing Louis out and getting stuck kissing for fans all the time. They would settle for a quick peck and go back to talking like it hadn't happened.
In some ways it was fun, but in others it was really hard.

Like, Zayn's calling him 'love' and kissing him? It could be used for fun but it was what he'd wanted for a while. Of course Louis and Nic never let him alone for long. He never had a chance to be sorry for himself. 

His thoughts were interrupted as Nic burst into the room.

"Guess who's got a date," she sing-songed. Niall raised an eyebrow.

"With who?"

"'Whom'. And Pezza."

"Pezza?!" Zayn shrieked from the doorway. He always trailed in shortly after Nic. 

"Yup. She's just so amazing..." Nic climbed onto Niall's dresser again and Zayn didn't bother waiting to flop on the bed and curl up by Niall. 

"Are you gonna announce it to the world or wait?" Niall asked. Nic shrugged.

"One day at a time sonny, one day at a time."

"'Sonny?'" Niall's nose crinked up in disgust. "I dated you once. Fakely. For half a month."

"Hey guys, Uncle Simon called." Liam poked his head around the door. "We start recording in three weeks, and seven of Niall's songs are on there." Zayn jumped up, yanking Niall up with him.

"You did it!" he yelled, picking Niall up and spinning him around. Niall couldn't stop laughing.

"I did what?"

"...I dunno. That's just the cliche movie line." Zayn flopped back on the bed and Niall laid