and he was pretty sure he’d aced all of his exams. His and Zayn’s Charms project had gone off without a glitch, each of them successfully summoning their parts of the tea set, and each making their teacup walk straight across Professor Quinn’s desk. Zayn had even managed to make his do a little dance at the end, though Liam had no idea how, and that had earned them extra credit.

Things were going just swimmingly.

It was only two or so hours later when Stark was rapping at the window of the Ravenclaw common room, a new note attached to his talon. Liam let him in and stroked his feathers gently as he removed the note before he let him fly off. The note was from Zayn, and it read: This is wicked! Thanks so much! Hope you like the comic. Zayn.

It was stupid, but just the sight of his handwriting made Liam smile. Go figure.

 

--

 

Christmas Day, The Great Hall

By the time dinner came around, Liam was starving. He’d stopped in for a bit of lunch, but he’d spent most of the day reading The Walking Dead and lounging around in the warmth of the common room fire. He really wanted to get outside and fly around on his broom for a bit, but it was far too cold and snowy for that. He’d have to wait for the warmth of spring to come around and start to melt it before he’d be able to get back out there again. Quidditch wasn’t set to start back up again until the end of February.

There was only ever one table set up for Christmas dinner, as there weren’t nearly enough people around to fill all four house tables and the teacher’s table. Headmaster Elwood sat in the middle, the teachers around him and the students filling in all of the other spots. When Liam arrived, he saw a few other Ravenclaws clumped in one spot at the table and he decided that was his best bet. He slid onto the bench at an empty spot and smiled at all of them.

“Hi guys. Happy Christmas,” he greeted, and they all smiled back, wishing him the same. Minding his own business, Liam went about fixing himself a heaping plate of food.

“So, Liam.”

Looking up, Liam saw that the source of the voice was a boy in his year – Christian, he was pretty sure was his name – that he was pretty sure was friends with Zayn. And might’ve used to be on the Quidditch team, Liam wasn’t entirely positive.

“Yeah, mate?” Liam replied, trying to seem friendly enough. He really didn’t feel like trying to force conversation with this guy, but he wasn’t going to be rude on Christmas.

“You and Zayn have been hanging out a lot, huh?” Christian asked, a smirk on his face that Liam couldn’t quite read.

“Uh, I mean, yeah, I guess. We were partners for Charms, and we’re both on Quidditch and he’s friends with my friends, so I’ve seen a bit of him lately.” Liam paused. He could only hope he wasn’t blushing. “Why do you ask?”

“Seems to be a bit more than that, no? You guys seem close.” Christian put a strange emphasis on the word, one that Liam wasn’t really sure he liked, if he was being honest. “No reason. We used to be pretty, uh, close, too. If you know what I mean.”

Liam frowned down at his mashed potatoes before he looked up once more at the boy speaking at him. “No, I don’t think I know what you mean.”

“Let’s just say we got to know each other…on a lot of levels last year.” The boys around them snickered, and Liam suddenly felt like he needed to leave. Or like he was going to throw up. Maybe both.

“Good for you, mate,” was all he said, turning back to his meal. Whatever Zayn did with his time last year was really none of Liam’s business. And plus, he didn’t care. His and Zayn’s relationship was nothing like that.

It was pretty clear that Christian wanted to say more on the subject, but Liam decidedly ignored him. This wasn’t a discussion he wanted to have – especially on Christmas. And without Zayn around to tell his side of the story. Not that he needed to explain anything to Liam; Liam really had no say in what Zayn did with his life. But for some reason he couldn’t help but feel like Christian wasn’t someone he should trust, and he definitely wasn’t someone Liam liked. He decided to try and steer clear of the guy as much as possible from now on.

So much for a happy Christmas.

 

--

 

January 16, The Ravenclaw Common Room, Zayn

The first time he saw Liam when he got back was the moment he entered the common room