them." Liam laughed causing Zayn's face to loosen up, and a sunshine grin to take over. 

"We're adopting a daughter!" Zayn exclaimed happily as his smile seemed to grow bigger. Even though Zayn was terrified of being a horrible father, he knew him and Liam would be fine. So his doubt was replaced with excitement.

Both boys looked over their friends. It had been awfully quite considering what had just been said. Liam was actually beginning to worry for a moment. That was until Louis hopped up nearly knocking over the table.

"We're going to be uncles!?" Louis screeched reaching down and pulling a gaping Harry up. "Did you hear that, Hazza? We're going to be uncles!"

Louis screeched as he hugged harry happily before making his was around the table messily. The pixie haired boy managed to knock over the water pitcher. 

Zayn couldn't help but laugh as Louis crushed him in a hug. His hazel eyes flickered to Liam who was hugging a beaming Niall. In this moment, the one where all of his friends, and husband hugged and bubbled with excitement, Zayn knew they were going to be okay. That he was going to have not only the best friends to lean back on during the rough times, but a loving, wonderful husband to raise their daughter with. 

He knew it was all going to be okay. 

~*~4 years later~*~

Liam had his note book in his hands, and a pen between his teeth. How brows we're knitted so tightly it almost looked as if he only had one giant brow. His head was starting to hurt, so he leaned his head back and clasped his eyes shut. He sighed and ran his hands through his hair, the pen getting caught for a moment. 

His eyes snapped open at the light giggle swirling through his house. It was then he realized his daughter had been too quiet for too long. He stood up quickly, notebook falling to the floor, and took long quiet strides towards the room. He closed his eyes trying to brace himself for the worst of what she could be doing and peeked his head in.

His brow eyes landed on a giggling Giovanna sitting cross legged on the floor. She had her fingers covered in various colors, and swirls of paint. His eyes flickered over to Zayn who's face was painted with the colors on the tiny fingers across from him. Some of the colors swirling and mixing making a ugly brown color, that even Zayn looking handsome in. 

He leaned against he door frame quietly. A soft smile taking over his previously worried features. He watched as Zayn's slim fingers dipped into the purple and he dotted some on Gia's nose causing her to giggle loudly. "Shh, G." Zayn chuckled lowly. "We have to be quiet or Papa will hear us." He said as he dipped his finger into the green paint and drew a heart on her tiny forehead. 

Liam wanted to warn them. He really did. He wanted to let them knew he had caught them, but he couldn't bring himself to ruin such an adorable moment between the two loves of his life. He enjoyed watching them interact like this. He loved the way Gia would giggle at Zayn, and the way that Zayn would beam at each tiny smile their hazel eyed daughter would give him. 

Liam got an idea and pulled out his phone as slowly as possible. He quickly went into the camera and aimed at the two. He snapped a picture just as Gia painted more on Zayn's beard. However he had forgotten to turn the sound off, so the shutter caused both of the paint covered face to turn towards him slowly.

Zayn gulped a bit. He hadn't expected Liam to notice any of this before he was done writing the song. He hoped he could have done this and cleaned her up before that happened, but he got caught. Gia giggled beside him as she smudge more paint on his nose. "How long have you been standing there?" Zayn asked sheepishly as he sat the paint on the ground.

Liam could only chuckle and shrug. "Long enough to hear you don't want papa hearing." Liam informed him, causing Zayn to gulp. Liam watched his Adam's apple bob a bit and he laughed. "I'm more upset you didn't invite me in on the paint party." Liam pouted playfully as he pushed himself off the wall and stepped into the room. He sat down and Gia grinned.

"Come here papa!" She squealed as she climbed on his lap and smudged his face with an array of colors on his left cheek. "Daddy taught me how to make a kitty." She said proudly as he poked her tiny tongue out of her mouth and began concentrating on the task at hand.

Zayn was watching in awe as Gia's tiny fingers swiped whiskers and a pink nose on to Liam's face. He felt so stupid for ever doubting that him and Liam would be good parents. He felt so silly. He knew that if Liam could love him so endlessly