girls watching them, and Liam and Dani smiling at them as if they knew what’s really going on inside his head. He just wanted to stay like this forever.

 “Alright, alight! I’ll still do whatever you want, get off,” Louis continued to laugh, “– ZAYN! Stop it! – get off me!” Zayn finally releases him and then laughed hysterically, watching Louis gather his own breath.

“Are you trying to kill me?” Louis says as he sits up, wiping some of the sweat that gathered on his forehead. Zayn smiles and stopped Louis hand from moving on his forehead. Zayn pulls out his handkerchief and Louis found himself staring blankly at Zayn as he wipes the sweat off his face.

I love you, Zayn. Louis says it in his mind and he wonders why the hell it was too hard to say it out loud. I love you ever since we were kids, you idiot. Zayn would smile at him, and then hug him and say the same thing and then they’ll announce it right here, right now. We’ve been inlove with each other for such a long time now. And then Louis will laugh at himself, who was he kidding? As if every confession was as successful as that.

 “What?” Zayn asks, being intrigued by the sudden change of Louis’s expression.

“Nothing.” Louis shakes his head and then reached out for his bottle. He hit Zayn’s elbow and Zayn hits him back, they smiled at each other. Another Zayn and Louis moment, Louis smiles to himself, even with the pinch of pain runs inside him. Why the hell would we mess it up by saying three words that could possibly ruin everything?

—-

As the night goes deep, people were heading home one by one. Zayn and Louis didn’t leave the couch, they didn’t talk to anyone else, and they’ve exchanged stories as if they hadn’t known each other since they were kids. They were on their own world when Niall comes in.

“Aye, lovebirds! Come o’er here!” He calls out and Zayn pulls out a smirk while Louis tries to control his body from reacting like a fucking teenage girl. Lovebirds.

They both walked inside one of the rooms where Niall popped out and saw some of their friends sitting in a circle formation.

“Seriously? I didn’t know your party could get worse, Harry.” Zayn smirks down at Harry who lifts up his middle finger in response. “Are you trying to call the spirit who’s been haunting you for years, Hazza?” Zayn and Louis exchanged looks, sharing a hearty laugh from Zayn’s joke.

“If you don’t want to join you two could go fuck each other upstairs,” Harry teases the two of them and it was their friends’ turn t laugh. Louis saw how Zayn’s eye flinch – disgust? anger? – He doesn’t want to know.

“Are we going to play a game or are we just going to talk about how gay each and everyone is in this room?” Niall interrupts looking both at Harry and Zayn. Louis pushed Zayn inside, convinced that they should start the game before Niall says something he shouldn’t say. Louis was always worried Niall sees more than what Harry could see when he’s with Zayn and it’s more scary ‘cause Niall doesn’t give a shit about secrets or anything when he’s pissed off.

“We could do both.” Harry sniggers and they exchange looks.

“Good. So let’s go for a fun thing first so we could get in the mood,” Niall pulls out a deck of cards, uh-oh not the card game, Louis thought, “Easy as pie – make sure the card don’t slip from your mouth or else you’ll kiss someone, the consequence on it is enough.” Niall explains, taking out one card from the deck, “no exchanging of partners, no touching, just your fucking mouth, understood?”

Louis suddenly felt the heavy weight on his shoulders, he was in between Zayn and Dani, meaning there’s a 50/50 probability he could drop the card and kiss Zayn – which he doesn’t want to happen. Not that he doesn’t want to kiss Zayn, of fucking course, he wanted to. But not in this way.

They’ll be teasing the two of them and then Zayn would get irritated, and then they’ll never be the same again. Louis clenches his fist – he just need to pass the card to Zayn as fast as possible – like his life would depend on it.

The game started and Niall brings the card to his mouth, turns his head toward Harry and passes him the card with complete ease. This is easy, he could do this.

Harry passes to Eleanor, then suddenly Harry and Niall was cheering, El passes it to Andy, and then to Perrie, then to Josh…

Louis was smiling, trying to concentrate about doing it right. He can’t