deliberately avoid Harry, and avoid Harry seeing him like this. Zayn and Liam glance at him and they stop in their tracks too. Louis can see the disappointment in Zayn and Liam’s eyes, and he wants to smack them. They always find a way to make him feel like they’re his parents instead of his friends. “Don’t drink too much of that Louis,” or “eat your veggies, Lou.” It’s always something, and now he can tell they’re doing it silently, and he wants to punch them both in the face.

He puts the ice cream back in the freezer and throws his spoon into the sink, letting the metal clang angrily before it settles, and he walks past all of them to his room. He doesn’t look back as he slams the door and locks it behind himself before he breaks down.

He loves Harry. He’d tried to put it off before, but he’s in love with Harry and somehow thinking that not seeing Harry would dull that love was complete bullshit, because every day without him he still falls asleep dreaming about his smile. He still goes to bed and reads over the cupcake notes that are up on his wall, and when he’s sad he goes through the ‘Harry videos’ on his phone that are just of Harry doing stupid shit to make him laugh.

But he is seeing Harry now, or he did a few minutes ago. He saw him and he saw the look in his eyes. He saw how Harry looked over him and his stupid body and thought about how pathetic he was. He knew that in Harry’s brain he saw Louis, and he thought of how lucky he was to have dodged that bullet, to not have fallen in love with this crazy basket case, the way Louis has fallen for Harry. He could see the pity in his stupid green eyes and he really wants to throw something at him, and yell and kick and scream but he doesn’t.

Instead Louis goes under his bed for his emergency vodka, and he opens up the fresh bottle before taking a big swig. He finds his little stash of pictures of Harry and pins them up onto his dartboard before he takes his darts and begins to throw.

It’s stupid he knows, but after thirty minutes he’s thoroughly pissed and he doesn’t give a damn. He’s too drunk to care about anything happening outside because he’s throwing darts hard at Harry’s pictures on the board. He can’t throw proper standing up so he’s leaned back on his dresser, sitting on his lazy bum, and he’s throwing darts like there’s no tomorrow. His arm throws fast, and every time a dart lands on Harry’s pictures he cheers and drinks. Somehow his coordination is worse but he still manages to nick the picture, and he takes longer drinks to make up for the lack of accurate hits.

|+|

Harry and Liam and Zayn can hear Louis in his room, despite the TV volume being louder than normal. Harry sits quietly and tries to ignore it but he can’t because he can hear Louis sobbing and singing and things keep hitting the door and he doesn’t understand what’s going on. Zayn tries to assure him that they need to give him space, he knows Louis needs space in situations like this but Harry can’t do that. He gets up, despite Zayn telling him to sit down, and he continues forward and shakes the doorknob.

“Louis, open the door,” He says and leans his head against it. He hears Louis laughing manically and sighs.

“No! No I will not open the door. This is my sacred place and I don’t need your filthy curls and dimples ruining it!” He shouts and tips the vodka bottle back again, some of it spilling from the corners of his mouth.

Harry sighs, and glances back at Zayn and Liam who are watching him carefully. “There’s a key on the top of his door,” Liam supplies with a small shrug and Zayn hits him hard with a pillow. “Ow!” Liam yelps.

“You’re supposed to be his friend!” he scolds and looks at Harry. “But there is. So, just wait a couple minutes for him to calm down, and then go in,” He says and pulls Liam up from the couch. “C’mon. We’re going to bed. Let them have privacy.” He mutters and shuts the door to his bedroom behind them.

Harry sighs and watches his feet for a few minutes, while he listens to Louis inside his room.

Louis is still pissed, drunker than he’s been in a while, and he feels sick but he can’t manage to pull himself up to go to a bin or to get himself into bed with a glass of water. He’s given up on the darts because he’s thrown all he has, and if he wants to shoot at Harry’s face again, he’d have to