boy to actually like him.

He wasn’t memorable, so he was sure Zayn had forgotten about that soon after it happened, but Liam couldn’t be too careful. They had several classes together after that, but because Liam sat in the front of the class and Zayn sat in the back with the rest of his friends, he never talked to him. That was the way Liam was, he just didn’t like to deal with stuff like that if he didn’t have to. Guess you could call him shy.

On this particular day, nothing seemed out of the ordinary. In fact, it was just another day for Liam Payne. He got his morning insults as he walked into the school building and quickly dodges a group of guys who’s been known to shove him into the lockers, finds Niall, and heads straight to their first class. It’s not until after third period that Liam starts to think this day is different.

He’s in the empty hallway, crouched up against the lockers as someone, he has lost track who, is kicking his ribs and spitting out nasty things about him being a faggot and taking certain objects up his arse. Liam has safely blocked out the hurtful words, but it’s the kicks to his side that causes him to cry. His hands are up against his head, trying to protect himself from getting kicked, when he feels nothing for a few moments. The steady of kicking into his ribs have stopped, and he’s wondering, in vain, if his attackers have a sudden urge of pity on the boy and had stopped.

When he lifts his head, however, that isn’t want he sees. There is a scuffle and his attacker is being shoved into the locker. Liam can hardly see what’s happening through his tears, so he wipes them with the back of the hand, carefully avoiding the cuts that he notices are in his hand from the boots the boy who had been kicking them had on.

Once Liam has gained his eye sight back, he gasps at the scene laid out before him. Zayn has the boy shoved up against the locker, punching him in any available space he can manage. But it doesn’t take long before the other two boys in the group to pull him off and knee him in the stomach, causing the raven-haired boy to gasp for breathe.

Liam wants to help, really he does, but he can’t. He doesn’t know how to stand up to people like that, because if he did, he probably wouldn’t have been getting beaten up for so long. He just watches while the beatings that once had been happening to him are now happening to Zayn. There is too many of them, and Liam is sure if had been just one, Zayn could have taken them, even two maybe. But there are three, and it’s getting to be too much.

He has managed to pull himself against a locker, watching the scene unfold. The three boys are beating Zayn to a bloody pulp and Liam’s heart is breaking because no one that as beautiful as Zayn deserves this. Once the boys feel like they have accomplished their point, the leader is wiping the blood from his lip with the back of his hand and spits on the ground next to Zayn’s head. “Fucking faggot, protecting your boyfriend I see.”

Then he turns to look at Liam, who thought if he stayed quiet they might forget about him. But no such luck, and with one hard shove against the lockers, the boys are walking away, laughing and retelling how they not only beat the shit out of Liam, but Zayn as well, and wondering if the two are together. Liam wants to shout out at them that they aren’t, too protect Zayn, but he doesn’t want them to turn back and start again, so he stays quiet.

Liam looks over at Zayn as the boy seems like he is trying to lift himself off the ground. He fails, too weak to support himself, and then Liam is there helping him up. Liam puts Zayn’s arm over his shoulders as he makes his way to the nurses’ office, one he knows the path to all too well. The two boys don’t speak and before he knows it, Liam is sitting Zayn on the cot and rummaging around for some antiseptic, a cloth, and band aids.

He’s dabbing hot water on the cuts on Zayn’s face, trying to clean up all the blood when he finally speaks. “You didn’t have to do that.” He says, and if Zayn didn’t see his lips moving, he wouldn’t have thought the boy hadn’t said anything. “Thanks.”

Zayn tries to smile, but winces at the cuts on his lips, causing blood to leak out once again. The boys fall silent once more as Liam finishes cleaning up Zayn’s face and then, once he’s done with that particular part, he starts on Zayn’s neck