back to his vampire friend. “I just want you to see my amazing magical invention.

“You witches live for, like, two-hundred years, so that’s two too many hundred years of your nagging,” Zayn laughs into the phone. “Alright, I’ll be there in a few.”

 

Harry hums as he makes the broom clean the house by himself, not the one he rides into the sky. That one’s kept special in his special shed.

 

“Isn’t that right?”

 

The blue ball of flame nods as if alive.

 

Zayn doesn’t take a long time to get to Harry’s shack in the middle of the woods. Then again, vampire senses.

 

“Hi, Harold,” Zayn greets the witch with a hug. “What’s up?”

“Look at this!” Harry jerks his chin in direction of his blue flame. “Isn’t it cool?”

“What exactly is that?”

“It’s a flying ball of flame, duh,” Harry rolls his eyes.

“Yeah, why is there a flying ball of flame next to you?”

“It’s my invention! It follows me around,” Harry giggles.

 

They talk for ages until Zayn’s eyes go back to the flame.

 

“What?”

“It’s red,” Zayn nodes his head in direction of Harry’s right side. “Is that supposed to do that?”

“It’s blue, you—why are you red?” Harry groans as he waves at his flame. “Go back to blue!”

“Hey, it’s pink now!” With heart embers, no less. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

“The spell is malfunctioning,” or it’s somehow connected to my emotions. “God, I hate faulty spells.”

“Must be because you made it,” Zayn jokes. “God, I’m thirsty.”

“There’s some emergency stashes of blood—what are you doing?” Zayn seems to have materialised in front of Harry. “Zayn…”

“So thirsty,” Zayn moans as his fangs shoot out.

 

Harry eeps and shoots Zayn back with a bolt of energy. That seemed to have done the trick, since he shakes his head in a confused manner.

 

“I’m sorry,” Zayn frowns, his fangs still on display. “I forgot to feed for a couple day.”

“I can tell.”

“So, your flame. Why is it pink and all lovey-dovey?” Zayn raises a brow.

“Because it’s malfunctioning?” Harry tries to remember if he invented an off-switch spell as well, but knowing his luck, he probably forgot to.

“Or is it?”

 

Zayn traps Harry’s body between a wall and his own body.

 

“See, I’m a vampire and you know what vampires all can do, right, Harold?”

 

Sensing emotions if they’re strong enough.

 

“Nope, I haven’t learnt that in my Vampire 101; do you mind refreshing my memory?” Too close, I can just tilt my head and just—what am I thinking?

“I think your heart is a liar,” Zayn purrs like a cat who just got his catnip. “Are you in love with me, Harold?”

“Psh, me in love with you?” Harry’s heart is beating erratically. “Why?”

“Good question,” Zayn doesn’t budge when Harry pushes. “Is it my ruggedly handsome looks?”

“Don’t be so–”

 

Zayn chooses that exact moment to descend his lips upon Harry’s kissing him gently. Harry doesn’t like that though. He takes control of their kiss—earning an amused chuckle from his vampire friend—and kisses him hard. Hard, with all the repressed love he’s felt for the other’s un-beating heart.

 

“That’s enough for now, Harry,” Zayn breaks off their kiss. “I don’t want to, Harry.”

 

Giggling, Harry rubs his hand against Zayn’s semi. “What, am I doing something wrong, Zaynie?”

“Yes, you’re trying to turn me on,” Zayn growls with his fangs showing. “Do you want me to—stop.”

“What?” Harry still pops the button open with his teeth. “I’m just curious… can a cold, dead body be aroused?”

“Yes I can get hard, now shoo,” Harry giggles at how much Zayn’s fangs are extended. “It’s also heavily related to blood-drinking.”

 

Without much said, Harry uses his magic to strip Zayn naked, to his vampire friend’s dismay. He proceeds into going into a knelt position and licks at the bubble of pre-come oozing from Zayn’s tip. The vampire lets out a delectable sound, a sound Harry’d love to hear whilst—okay, he can make that a reality later.

 

Harry giggles before he goes down on Zayn’s cock, gagging as Zayn unsuspectedly thrusts into his mouth, fulling sheathing himself. Zayn’