towards my cuts. 

“How would you feel if the person you loved called you horrible names, it isn’t very pleasant” did that just come out if my mouth? Did I really just say that? Shit. 

“T-The person you love, the person you love?” Zayn repeated, like he was trying to process it.

“I’m sorry that just slipped out” I quickly replied. “No!” Zayn silenced me “You love me?”

I nodded very slowly, Studying Zayn’s face for any emotion. “You love me.” this was more to himself, like he was coming to terms with it. 

“I have since X Factor” I don’t know why I felt the need to say this, I just need him to know how long he has hurt me. 

“I can’t believe this” Zayn began, “don’t worry about-” I was cut off by Zayn’s finger to my lips. “I cannot believe this, I have treated you like absolute shit all this time because of the hidden feelings I have for you, and all this time you’ve loved me too” Zayn laughed lightly. 

“Too? Too?!” my mind went into overdrive, since when did Zayn feel this way about me, what, when? 

Zayn silenced my inner monologue with a very timid peck on the lips, pulling away too soon. My lips felt like they were on fire, my head was spinning and my heart was beating like crazy. Before I knew it my brain was getting fuzzy and my knees were giving out, I felt warm arms around me as I slipped into unconsciousness.  

When I woke up I was laying down on the bed, listening to Zayn humming Same Mistakes while he laid next to me. I began to slowly stir and he stopped humming and looked at me, the smile on his face was cute enough to make me faint again.

“You’re awake” Zayn exhaled, obviously ecstatic. “I am” I replied equally as happy with tonight’s turn of events. 

“I only did what I did because I loved you, I know that this won’t make up for anything but I’m so sorry, it hurt me everyday to be mean to you but I had to, it was a lot harder to deny my feelings hen you were being nice to me. I had to make you hate me” Zayn took a big breath, he looked like a huge weight was off his shoulders.

“I forgive you, I don’t know why I do. You have made me feel so bad about myself and you have caused me to harm myself, but I love you too much to ever not forgive you. I never really blamed you anyway, I felt like it was my fault” I replied nervously, talking about my love towards Zayn, to Zayn was something I never imagined I’d ever do, this was a dream come true.

“It was never you’re fault, ever. Please believe me that you are perfect, in every single way. I have never met someone better than you. You are beautiful, funny, caring and you have a voice that makes me want to cry. Everything that I said to you was a lie, a cover up. When I called you ugly I was only trying to convince myself you weren’t beautiful, when I called you a bad singer, I was tying to tell myself that it your voice wasn’t divine. Everything, everything I have ever called you was the complete opposite of what I really wanted to tell you, I was just too afraid. I would’ve never had the guts to admit that I loved you and it pained me to be close to you, that’s why I felt the need to push you away. You don’t know how long I’ve waited to tell you I love you, now I’ve said it, I want to tell you every single day. I love you Harry Styles, I love every little thing about you, and it’s as simple as that.” 

If someone had told me this morning that Zayn Malik would be making me cry happy tears, I would’ve scoffed in their face. But here I am, tears flowing down my cheek an I’ve never felt happier. 

“I love you Zayn, I really do” I sobbed, Zayn leaned in close and wiped the years from each cheek, kissing me on the forehead. I closed my eyes and just savored this moment, in the arms of the one I love, life couldn’t be better.

When I felt Zayn’s sweet lips on mine, I really thought I was in a dream, this couldn’t be real. My lips began to move with Zayn, in a way that couldn’t be described than anything less than perfection. Zayn’s lips were warm and smooth, everything I thought they would be. 

I felt Zayn’s tongue swipe across my bottom lip, I opened my mouth to let him in,