Liam’s very pink cheek. “Want me to show you now?”

Liam’s eyes widen but relief coats her face some as she nods again, pressing closer so their hips and bellys press together.

Zayn nods, sucking in a breath before she ducks forward, grazing her lips against Liam’s so softly they barely touch. Liam’s part instantly, but she moves back, sliding her palm down to Liam’s collarbone to guide her backwards.

Zayn stays on her side, ignoring the way the air tenses around them as she takes Liam’s hand with her own. There is a determined look set on Liam’s face, her eyes overwhelmed as Zayn guides Liam’s palm against her belly, shucking up her shirt some.

“I like to touch myself,” Zayn murmurs, watching the way their hands look together. “Like I told you, all over.”

“I tried that,” Liam breathes, flattening her fingers instead of trying to grip on Zayn’s as she guides her shirt farther up, until their fingers scrape against her rib cage. The swell of her belly looks so soft, her chest rising and falling quicker than normal.

“How’d it feel?”

Liam swallows as Zayn pushes their fingers up higher, under the curve of her breast and Zayn can see the hard of her nipples underneath her shirt, fingers clenching around Liam’s to keep herself from leaning forward and mouthing at them underneath the material like she wants to.

“Really good.”

“Do you like your nipples touched?”

Liam nods, sucking in a breath when Zayn moves their hands higher, guiding Liam’s fingers to rub over the hard bud.

“Me too,” Zayn murmurs, shifting closer. “I like to pinch them a bit -”

Liam does that, biting hard on her bottom lip to muffle the groan in her throat. It is beautiful really, watching how red her skin gets, the way her eyelashes span across her rounded cheeks as her eyes flutter shut.

“Keep going,” Zayn tells her, sliding her fingers gently over the back of Liam’s hand. She touches her like that everywhere, trailing them across her belly and over her neck, thumbs breezing over her eyelids when they flutter shut, lips parting around a soft moan that sounds through Zayn.

“The other one, babe.”

Liam bites on her lips as Zayn trails a finger down her nose, tracing the shape of her mouth and back down her throat.

“God,” Liam breathes and Zayn can feel her eyes on her but Zayn watches her own fingers, sliding back to cover Liam’s hand with her own. “I feel like I’m on fire.”

Zayn grins. “You look like you’re on fire.”

She pushes Liam’s shirt up a bit higher to see the way pink trails between the curves of her breasts, her body shivering slightly as Zayn grazes a nail over the perked nipple between her fingers.

“Sorry,” Liam mumbles.

Zayn frowns at her, chuckling softly as she guides Liam to cup her breast, urging her hand to knead it between her fingers. “For what? You look beautiful, babe.”

Liam sucks in a sharp breath, pushing up some onto her elbow as she curves towards Zayn. “Can I take my shirt off?”

It is Zayn’s turn to suck in a breath this time as she nods, pulling her hand away from Liam. “You can do whatever you want, babe. I’m just here to help.”

Liam nods, before reaching down to curl her fingers around the bottom of her shirt, to tug it above her head. There is a nervous look on her face again as she flops back down, fingers tickling over her belly as she looks at Zayn.

Zayn leans over her, pushing her damp hair from her forehead as she grins. “You tell me what is okay and what is not okay, yeah? Try stuff, see if you like it and if you don’t, tell me okay?”

Liam nods, fingers tickling at Zayn’s side, playing with the material of the shirt that Zayn wears because it smells like Liam's perfume. “I think I’d like if you talk to me?”

Zayn grins more, taking Liam’s hand to cup her breast again. She looks down then, watching the way their hands look together, cupping the round of Liam’s breast, the swollen nipple that peeks between her fingers. “What do you want me to tell you? I like how soft your skin is -

Zayn ducks forward, nuzzling against her neck. “That you smell good, like my lotion -”

Liam breathes out harshly, taking over their hands and guiding them down her torso. Zayn moves her hand with hers, pressing a soft kiss to Liam’s throat because she isn’t sure if she is allowed to kiss her skin properly.

“That I’ve thought about this for awhile?”

Liam moans quietly, dragging their fingers down her navel and across her hips. She pushes her fingers under the band of her shorts,