Liam's lips quirk up, a soft chuckle breathing past them before he wraps them around the head. He eases in the digit slowly, working past the resistance while distracting Zayn with the gentle way he suckles at the tip.

He remembers his first time with Liam, how bruising his mouth had been but how gentle his fingers were. How Liam always is with him, so rough with his lips and the hard press of his body but careful with his palms, constantly needing reassurance that Zayn is okay, even if Zayn begs for more and more.

Liam has a way of putting all of his feelings into his fingertips, making Zayn feel it instead of saying it out loud because he knows Zayn is hesitant about it - this, being more than what it is.

But Zayn wants it to be more, tired of pretending like his heart doesn’t struggle against his sternum every time Liam is near, like it is trying to return to whom it belongs. He tries to mimic Liam’s touch, and sometimes Liam looks up at him when Zayn touches him softly with an expression on his face like he can feel it.

"Gonna let me hear you?" Liam hums, voice falling into something deep that makes Zayn’s toes curl. “Gonna get loud f’me, babe?”

"Gonna do something to make me?" Zayn teases, voice tight as he tries to hold back the noises in his chest because he knows he is going to be loud, moans bouncing off the walls and for once he doesn’t have to hold them back so little ears won’t hear.

Liam shakes his head as he wraps his lips back around him and sinks lower, a second digit rubbing against him as he pushes the first deeper. The warmth of Liam’s mouth envelops him, seeping through his limbs and his hips buck up towards his mouth, desperate for more.

Liam goes deep as he pushes the second finger past the rim, gently as Zayn feels the way his throat constricts as he swallows. Zayn’s fingers twist harder in Liam’s hair than he means to as pleasure twists through him, eliciting a groan from the other man that Zayn swears he can feel in his core.

The flush of Liam’s cheek is obscene when he pulls off with a wet sound, eyelashes wet and lips slick and swollen. He grins, scissoring Zayn gently before he pulls his fingers out completely, planting a kiss to the shaft before he speaks.

“No,” he says, voice hoarse. “Not going to do anything at all. Not even touch.”

Zayn gapes at him as he flattens his palm on the mattress and pushes his body much too far away from his own. There is a glint in his eye, teasing and challenging and Zayn pushes up, curling his arms underneath Liam’s armpits to wrestle him back onto the sheets.

“Fine,” Zayn huffs out a laugh as he presses Liam into the mattress, rolling on top of him and Liam’s arms immediately wrap around his spine. He smacks a kiss to his lips, unable to resist because his fondness feels like it could make him burst. And it doesn’t help that he is pretty sure fondness and arousal are working together to ruin him. “I’ll touch then. No touching me.”

A look of regret passes Liam’s features as Zayn pushes up away from him, his arms tightening like a vice grip to keep him from going too far.

“Want to taste now,” Zayn murmurs, letting his voice drop an octave. He tilts his head, hovering his lips over Liam’s, which part instinctively. “Can I? Like the way you feel on my tongue -”

Red creeps farther up Liam’s cheeks as he exhales, skin starting to dampen with sweat. His hair sticks out messily at the top of his head, like it always does because Zayn can never keep his fingers out of it.

Liam’s arms lax around him and Zayn takes that as a go ahead, because Liam looks too overwhelmed to speak as his teeth clench around his bottom lip. A nervousness creeps through Zayn before he turns, with a bit of hesitation because they have never done this. But he knows how much Liam likes to turn him so his belly is on the mattress, to talk about how good he looks with Liam’s prick easing into him. He likes the photos Zayn sends, just to tease and show Liam what it feels like to feel like you are going to burst while in public.

“Oh,” Liam moans as Zayn scooches back and bends forward. Liam’s palms come up to cradle his hips, thumbs easing against his skin before sliding to his bum. Zayn doesn’t care - he hadn’t truly meant no touching, because he thinks he would actually break apart if Liam stopped touching him.

Zayn hugs Liam's chest with his thighs, smoothing his palms down Liam's as he mouths at his hip bone, finger tips dragging the briefs down his toned thighs, shucking them down to his knees. Liam's fingers dig into his bum