it in and stirred, then took a long lasting sip.

"That's good?" He asked with a small smile.

"Very." I answered taking another sip.

"Harold, that's the tank's name." He suddenly announced.

"No, that is not it's name. I already see what you're trying to do here." I smiled looking at him over the edge of my cup.

"Fine, how about...Halthea?" He decided.

"Halthea, sounds like a drug." I chuckled.

"It is not a drug, it's both of our names mixed together. Now that is unique, its settled no arguments. Your tank's name is Halthea." He smiled.

"Alright all holy one." He smiles brightly as he drinks from his cup, a blush creeping up my cheeks as I turn my gaze to the muffin in front of me.

We eat our muffins and minutes later, we're walking down through the park. Arms looped, the laughs of children and the wind blowing being loud in our ears. We get to a park bench and take a seat, I look beside us and find a large piece of white chalk. Harry nabs it from my fingers before kneeling on the ground and begins to draw, I pick up pebbles from the ground and aim them at his bum.

"Why are you hitting me?" He laughed as he looked at me, his hands covered entirely in white powder.

"The real question here is....why not?" I smirked hitting him again with a pebble.

"You menace." He smiled before completing his drawing. He stood back with his hands on his hips and a confident smile on his face, almost as if he had taken over the world. With the chalk he had drawn a picture of him and me, not to mention Halthea.

"Isn't it just amazing?" He asked turning back to me.

"Well...."

"Don't you dare! Plus it's missing something." He leaned down once again before writing BFF on the top of his drawing.

"There, now it's beautiful." He smiled.

"Whatever you say curly." I chuckled as he sat back beside me, he took out his phone and snapped a quick picture of his artwork.

"Who said I was your best friend anyways? We just met yesterday." I smiled.

"I said we are, no arguments. Because you like to argue a lot." He spoke as I threw my head back with loud laughter that startled the birds on the tree beside us.

"Look what you did, you scared the birds! You should apologize." He murmured.

"They should apologize for pooping everywhere without permission." I smiled causing him go laugh loudly as I looped my arm in his and rested my head on his shoulder, he leaned his head against my own and let out a long sigh.

"Would now be a bad time to ask if I can see your art?"

"There's never a bad time, except when I'm sick." I smiled before we both stood to our feet and walked back to my apartment, before I knew it I was unlocking the door and letting him inside.

"Wow, nice place." He smiled as we both toed off our shoes.

"Thanks, worth every penny." I smiled before leading him to my studio and gallery, he walked into the large room and his mouth went agape as he looked around the room.

"This is amazing, you made all this?" He asked and I nodded with a red face.

"These are so beautiful, wait. What's this one?"

"Oh, that one is a discarded work." I explained as he picked it up and examined it.

"This is breath taking, its so simple yet so complex."

"Like people." I speak and he smiled at me.

"The red hand print, I know is a person. And whatever they touch breaks, like what they decided. It cuts them and changes them, like how your choices make you or break you." He turned to me as I looked to him in shock.

"Y-yes that was exactly what I was thinking of." I blushed.

"Amazing, i'll take it. How much?"

"You actually want to buy it?"

"Of course, how much?" He asked as I took a sip out of my water bottle.

"Since it's one of my discarded works I thought about $100." I shrugged before taking a large gulp.

"That's very small, how about $20,000?" I choked on my water at the price he offered, that was way too high.

"$20,000? You're crazy, that's not even worth half of that amount!"

"Well I don't care, anything to help out a friend." He smiled throwing an arm over my shoulder and tugging me close and he examined the art once again.

"Make it $10,000 and we've got yourself a