awake when I stopped the car in a spot of the small designated parking area.

“Where are we?” His words were heavy with sleep, a streak of drool glistening on his cheek in the overhead light of the car. “God, what time is it?”

“A few minutes past three.” I whispered, reaching over to push open his door and unbuckle his seatbelt. “Get out.”

He frowned at me. “Did you bring me out here to murder me or something?” I watched patiently as Harry carefully extracted himself from the vehicle. “Where are we?”

I took his hand and pulled him along with me. Closer to the crashing sound of waves on the shore, of birds just beginning to chirp in the morning twilight.

“The beach? You brought me to the beach?” Harry sighed, stepping out into the sand, the smell of sea air assaulting us full force.

“Yes. Do you not like the beach?” I kept my grip on his hand, pulling him out closer to the water. “I know this isn’t exactly the best way to keep your mind off of, uh, off of your friend’s passing. I just figured it might be nice to come to the beach with the fresh air and we can watch the sunrise and um, skinny dip?” I released his hand and danced away towards the waves, the sea breeze cooling off my warm skin. “Please tell me that you’re down for that?” I teased him as I watched his shadowy figure follow me.

“Yeah, that used to be a normal occurrence, actually.” Harry stopped a breath away, so close that I could almost feel his heart beating quickly in his chest. He took a deep breath, leaning closer to me, his mouth mere centimeters away from mine. I sucked in a breath, licked my lips, just barely able to distinguish his features in the dim light of dawn.

“Race you to the water!” Harry whispered excitedly, one second in front of me, and the next he was ducking around me, tugging his shirt over his head, and then shucking off his shorts. I was quick to follow, splashing into the water only seconds behind him, the cold saltwater biting against my bare skin. It was too dark for me to see anything clearly, therefore when Harry abruptly stopped, I crashed into his back, wrapping my arms around his waist for balance.

I was up to my neck in water and I was grateful for that when he turned around, and I could see his skin glowing silver in the light that was beginning to bleed over the horizon; the black water only barely covered Harry’s butterfly tattoo, his sparrows on full display, so I reached up to brush my fingers over the smaller of the two.

For a moment more, we were quiet and still, watching each other in the waxing light, the soft waves kissing our bare skin. Harry was the first to move, his sudden shift causing the air around us to move, breezing over my skin coolly, covering my skin with gooseflesh. He splashed away from me, laughing suddenly and throwing a handful of water at me.

The ensuing battle was one worthy of history books, but no one was around to record it and by the end of it, both of us lay in defeat on the sandy beach. Our hair was soaked, spread out behind our heads like wild lion manes, my chest was heaving from the force of laughter and exertion of the fight. We were both laid out bare in the growing light, now tinging the world that pale blue color, the horizon was a pale, pale dreamsicle orange color, bleeding into blue.

We laid there in the warm, gold sand, watching the tangerine color spread like fire through the cool blue until the tips of my toes – still buried in the sea – were warmed with the first heat of sunlight.

It wasn’t until we were bathed in the warm light and the smell of sunshine,  that I realized that were wholly naked in broad, public daylight.

“Close your eyes.”

Harry, instead, turned to face me, eyes bright green and shot through with strings of gold. “Why?”

I felt my face heat up, “Because I’m going to get my clothes and I don’t want you staring at me. Just clothes your eyes, Harry.”

He grinned, keeping his eyes on my face as he spoke. “If I close my eyes, how will I know that you’re not sneaking a peek at what I’ve got to offer?”

“Maybe I’m not interested in what you have to offer, Styles.” I retorted, throwing a handful of sand on him – well maybe it landed on him, I wasn’t about to look down to check if it did or not.

“Fair enough. Alright, grab my clothes for me, would you?” He turned his head back up to the sky, closed his eyes, and slapped his hand over them for extra measure. I snorted a laugh and slowly stood up, careful to