Been thinking about you all day,” Liam says when their lips part. He tilts Zayn’s head to the side, latching to the curve of his neck without hesitation. It’s less awkward than their former position, relieving the crink that was starting to form in his neck. He wouldn't care what position Liam molded their bodies into at the moment though, because Liam's teasing pressing his cock against Zayn's back as he fits a hand under the loose material of his jeans. 



He curls a hand around the back of Liam’s head, trying to pull him closer though there’s no space between them. “Will I find naughty messages on my phone?”

He tries to sound disapproving, but Liam is cupping him through his briefs and his words roll into a drawn out sigh.

“Yes,” Liam chuckles with no shame, pushing Zayn’s jeans farther down past his hips. “Just reminding you about how I promised you last night that I was going to make you beg for it the next time.”

Zayn leans his head back on his shoulder, mouth forming a silent moan as Liam’s hand works over him through the layer. Liam’s ruthless against his skin, teeth biting and lips tugging it into his mouth. Zayn can’t wrap his head around how Liam can go from giggle shrug to “I’m going to make you beg for it” in minutes. Zayn’s stomach twists at the anticipation of whether or not Liam will stay true to his word.

They’re wearing too much clothes, and he desperately wants to feel Liam’s calloused hand against his skin rather than through those stupid superhero briefs. Liam had tried to make him beg for it the night before, but they were both too desperate for each other that he barely managed a “Liam please,” before Liam was sinking into him. Zayn likes it when Liam’s like that, but he also loves when Liam drags it out, fingers slowly fucking into  him endlessly until he is on the verge of coming untouched, begging for Liam for more.

“C’mon Liam, take me to bed,” he moans, grabbing at Liam’s wrist.

Liam makes a sound of protest, thumb hooking at the top of his briefs. “Wanna make you come in this room, babe. So you can think about me whenever you’re in here.”

Zayn groans, grinding his hips back against the press of Liam’s cock. “Already do,” he promises. There isn’t a time or place he isn’t thinking about Liam. No matter who he’s sketching, their cheeks will round like Liam’s, or they always end up with four chevrons inked across their forearm.

Liam’s fingers slide past his briefs, curling loosely around his length. “I just don’t want to ruin anything –“

Zayn’s words are cut off when Liam’s thumb swipes along the tip, slicking Zayn’s length with precome. He could beg right now, like Liam promised just from this.

“Please, Liam,” he groans again.

Liam nods, turning Zayn around before pushing his pants down the rest of way. When Zayn steps out of them, Liam’s hands are gripping his thighs, picking him up until his legs curl around his waist. Zayn grips Liam’s arms for support, admiring the way the muscle bulges, flexing and straining as he carries Zayn. He does it with ease, palming Zayn’s ass and mouth at the nape of his neck as he goes.

Zayn has less finesse in his movements, hands more fumbled when he cups Liam’s jaw to slot their lips together. Liam loses composure, stumbling a bit to press Zayn against the door to readjust his grip.

“Right here, good?” Liam groans, biting at Zayn’s bottom lip.

“No babe,” Zayn whines, thrusting his hips to get Liam moving. His clothed cock drags across Liam’s abdomen and he bites along a moan as they move again.

Liam barely finishes his step over the threshold before he’s pressing Zayn against the wall of the hallway, dropping him so his feet graze against the carpet. The music is too far away to be heard over heavy breathes and limbs knocking against each other to tug off the rest of their clothing. Liam chuckles when Zayn’s head smacks against the wall when he grinds his bare cock down against his.

“How do you want me, babe?” Liam asks, one arm leaning against the wall right beside Zayn’s head so he can groan against his ear. The other reaches between them to fit their cocks in the palm of his hand. “Against the wall? Need it too bad to wait for the bedroom?”

Zayn groans, hips bucking into the slow movements of Liam’s fist. “That’s you babe. You probably couldn’t pay attention at work today, you wanted me so bad,” he challenges, words coming out choked.  

“I know,” Liam whines, eyes going big. Zayn can imagine it