gets. Gentle then rough.

Liam’s hands run back up his torso, cupping Zayn’s neck and pulling him down so their lips can meet. “I’ve been thinking about this all day. When those models were walking around, I was wondering what it would be like if it were you.”

Liam’s tongue flicks out against his lips and Zayn chases it with his own. “With her?” he mumbles against Liam’s lips.

Liam growls, his eyes closing. “Show me,” he says roughly. “Stand up and show me.”

Zayn’s heart picks up pace as he takes a step back from Liam. Liam’s hands rest in his lap, eyes raking down Zayn’s body. With anyone else, Zayn would be embarrassed by the wet spot soaking through the material, but it’s Liam, who looks at him with heavy lidded eyes and flushed cheeks.

“Turn around,” Liam orders and Zayn obeys. He wishes he didn’t though, because he wants to see the look on Liam’s face when he hears him groan out. “Bend over, babe.”

Zayn does, spreading his legs slightly. He’s close enough to the wall that he can press a hand to it to hold himself up. He feels the warmth of Liam’s hand before he’s cupping the curve of Zayn’s ass. He kneads the flesh roughly, making Zayn’s nose bump against the wall.

Liam’s hand disappears and the only sound is the bed creaking. Zayn’s not sure if he’s allowed to stand up, and he ignores the ache in his arm from holding himself up. After a long moment, there’s a body pressing against him, and he can feel the hardness of Liam’s cock. Liam reaches around, pulling Zayn back up to standing with a firm press of his hand against his torso. He mouths at Zayn’s neck, moving his hand down the planes of his stomach. Zayn tilts his head for Liam as he cups Zayn through the soft material. He lets out a desperate whine and Liam chuckles, nipping softly at his skin.

“So wet for me babe.” Liam pulls Zayn’s earlobe into his mouth as his thumb swipes at the head. Liam’s hips circle slowly behind him.

Liam turns him, pressing the back of Zayn softly against the wall, despite the urgency in his hands. Zayn fists the sides of Liam’s shirt, pulling him closer.

“I should probably let you suffer, since you’ve been quite naughty today,” Liam tells him as he leans forward to nip at his jaw.

Zayn groans, thrusting his hips up against Liam’s. Liam growls against his skin, biting him hard. Zayn likes getting Liam worked up, getting him to where he’s no longer gentle with him.

“I’ll be good,” Zayn promises, fingers reaching for the buttons on Liam’s shirt. He leans forward, pressing kisses to Liam’s throat as his fingers move down his shirt. “Get on my knees, let you fuck my face.”

Liam groans, stepping away from Zayn before he can finish taking off his shirt. “Lay on the bed,” he demands and Zayn nearly runs.

He rests back against the pillows, spreading his legs and placing his hands back on his stomach because he still hasn’t been told that it’s okay to touch. Liam kneels between his knees, running his hands up Zayn’s thighs. He leans forward, hovering his smirking mouth over Zayn’s lips. “Turn over, babe.”

Liam sits back up on his knees as Zayn does as he says. He turns his head to the side, but can’t quite see Liam as he covers Zayn’s back with his body. He feels Liam’s lips, soft against his shoulders and moving down his back. It’s hard not to grind his hips down when Liam gets to the bottom of Zayn’s spine, and Liam’s hands running up the back of his thighs, pushing his ass cheeks up.

Liam noses at the lace fabric, barely brushing against his skin. His thumbs slide underneath the fabric as he cups his ass. There’s warmth breath across his skin and Zayn moans out, desperate. He wants to grind his hips down, but Liam is pulling them up away from the bed.

He opens his mouth to complain at Liam, but it comes out as a broken sob. Liam is moving the fabric aside and pressing his mouth to his skin. Liam runs his tongue across Zayn’s skin, spreading his cheeks, exposing Zayn. His tongue is hot and wet against him, running over his hole. He can’t contain the litany of moans that leave his lips as Liam presses the tip of his tongue against him.

“So good babe,” Liam moans, licking into him harder now. Liam’s hands knead harshly at his skin and Zayn hopes there will be marks tomorrow.

His legs shake when Liam presses the