now? How in the world could he not be shocked, or look like he wasn’t so shocked at all? His ex-boyfriend is here. A once hobbyist of surfing turned into one hell of a professional surfer that could make the water turn into lava, was right here. Liam’s here out of fucking nowhere, without any notice and then giving him a Lilac as if it was the most normal thing in the world to do after you haven’t seen your ex for five years. And he expects him not to look so shocked?

Zayn averted his gaze and looked down. He had to say something. “Liam, I – you need-“

“No, Zayn. You don’t have to say anything. I know exactly what you’re thinking.”

Zayn gulped. “Y-you do?”

“Fucking hell, I do.” Zayn had no idea since when did Liam cursing could actually turn him on but he quickly brushed the idea away. “It’s written all over your face when you first saw me back at the bar. You were shaking, Zayn. You were thinking if I’m just a hallucination or something and if you’re just dreaming. You were in the verge of running away if I didn’t do those puppy eyes.” Liam smirked.

“You! You knew that I’d fall for that. My god, I’m so stupid.” Zayn breathed out. He wasn’t so sure if he’s angry for falling into that trap or because Liam knew he’d fall for it.

“Of course I knew you’d buy that. You’re still the same.”

“Wha-“ Zayn’s words were cut off when Liam placed his hand on his chest, gently pushing him to the ground.

In a blink of an eye, Liam was on top of him, his head in between Liam’s large hands, his body trapped on Liam’s knees. He felt his body melt under him. Zayn couldn’t even push him away. He lost every ounce of strength he had because Liam was so near again. So near that Zayn could feel the heat coming from Liam’s body even though he wasn’t even touching him. He was so near he could smell his scent, such familiar scent. He could smell the cool mint coming from Liam’s mouth, breathing on his cheeks. And even with the slightest touch of Liam’s fingers on his hair and on his hands, Zayn felt like he’s going to combust any second.

Liam looked down on his chest for a second, smirking from the sight of his body heaving visibly against his shirt.

“Oh shut up.”

Liam chuckled. “What? I didn’t say anything.” He leaned down and kissed his forehead, feeling the smile on his skin. “But you know, I was really happy when I saw you like that. I was scared that you would look at me normally, greet me like a friend when we finally see each other– but then you reacted like that and damn, I knew I still had an effect on you. I could still make your heart beat faster and I could still be in your mind even if you don’t want to.” Liam hovered closer, his lips touching his left ear as he said those words.

Zayn bit his lips in attempt to hold back his moan or any embarrassing sound. He had no idea that was what Liam was thinking that time – and to think he’s the only one scared in their encounter. He felt a bit relived and happy at the same time.

“But you know what’s the best part?” Zayn wanted to say ‘No, I don’t want to know because I’m so embarrassed please get off me’ but all he could do was to tightly grip the grass under his palm when he felt Liam nibbling his ear.  “It’s when you kissed me. God, it all came back to me, Zayn. You still want me the same way I want you. I wasn’t really planning on doing anything to you. Not even to touch you on our first meeting after a long time, even though I really wanted to. But then you lead me, so-“

“Hey! I didn’t lead you! It was – it was the drink. I didn’t plan on kissing you…” Liam pulled himself up and stared back at him, his tongue rolling inside his mouth until Zayn saw the bump on his cheek. God, everything he does is turning me on, this is bad. “We were drunk.”

Liam chuckled and Zayn couldn’t believe Liam wasn’t getting pissed on what he was saying about what happened to both of them last night.

“See, I know this is what you’re thinking so I went to the bar this morning, but you weren’t around.”

“What do you mean?”

“I know you’re thinking what happened between us was an accident, a drunken sex,