his time with her. Sure they had a billion outings specifically for work, to make ‘Sophiam’ seem legit, but there were times Zayn would text Liam knowing it wasn’t a work night and he would message back saying he was busy with Sophia. It hurt Zayn deeply, so much that in anger he would call on Perrie and chat with her. 

 

Zayn would look at the pictures of Liam with Sophia, looking so damn happy together that it made his chest hurt. Liam hardly texted and never called anymore. He stopped taking Zayn to the movies and out on the boat to fish, which Zayn had loved immensely despite being out in the ocean. Liam looked so in love that it hurt. Harry, being his best friend in the group, started glaring at Liam whenever all five boys hung out. It seemed to confuse Liam and made Zayn feel so bad.                  

 

As they were setting up for their hour on 1D Day, Liam came over and smiled. Zayn smiled. And that was the end of their fight.              

 

Sophia was later fired for sleeping with Niall. The search for a new girlfriend started and Liam was happier. Zayn had been ecstatic. He was still bound to Perrie by their contract, which Liam totally understood. Unfortunately, Zayn and Louis’ video of them smoking weed went viral.

 

Liam and Harry were furious. 

 

Management called Sophia back, desperate to make Liam look as good and normal as possible to take over the damage control. Zayn didn’t really think it was fair to put so much on Liam, especially since Zayn and Louis were responsible, so he bought Liam a watch and called it a promise. A promise to save them from this hell they were in. To stay by Liam’s side no matter what. Liam had cried steadily for twenty minutes, clutching onto Zayn’s newest shirt and smiling so broadly. 

 

Liam and Zayn tried to hide it. It was hard to not sing their favorite lines from You & I to each other. It was hard not to stand by each other. To want to show more affection than their ‘platonic’ relationship allowed. Many of the songs Liam wrote were, in fact, about his relationship with Zayn. Liam proudly sang these songs to Zayn when they were trying to fall asleep after a show.

 

Then Liam changed.        

 

After getting hit with accusatory tweets about him being homophobic, Liam shut down. He wouldn’t talk to anyone, kept a safe distance from Zayn in public (which hurt Zayn so much he locked himself away for days), and made sure to bring up his relationship with Sophia any chance he got, soft smile in place. This made Zayn miserable during interviews.

 

Zayn just needed something to pull Liam back to him. Something utterly romantic, since Liam was an absolute sap.    

 

--

Ed sat, mouth open, as Zayn finished. Ed had known Zayn and Liam were close, but not that close. He quickly scribbled some notes before getting up and heading to his bedroom. This would require his good song notebook.

 

“Hmmmm…..we need something about young love you know? Like….utterly innocent but deep. Kind of like you and Li.” Ed said, glancing at Zayn. They sat in silence for about five minutes before Ed tried out some line floating around in his head.

 

“By your side I’ll stand forever, lights shining all around us but its only yooooou. Only you.” Zayn smiled softly but shook his head.

“Little too…..deep. I was thinking simple y’know? Like about teen love, yeah? Since I – er- at eighteen.” He blushed deep scarlet. Ed tapped his pen on his lip, mouthing the word eighteen over and over. 

“I have loved you since we were eighteen. Ummmm….oh! Long before I….no…we… both thought the same thing…..?” Ed sang, testing the line a few different ways. Fast. Slow. High pitched and low. Zayn was giggling, nodding along.

“I like it. What are we calling the song Ed? Nothing, like, obvious right?” Ed chuckled and suggested 18 (the numeral version because why the hell not).

“Oh! And I want it to say somewhere ‘these arms were made for holding you.’ I want Li to know I know we are mean to be. Not him and Sophia.” Ed nodded, scribbling that in and tapping the pen on the page. They needed to tell a story, but make it so it wasn’t obvious it was from Zayn.

“We need a super cheesy line I think. Something utterly teenager and romantic. Think back to how you felt when you were eighteen and first falling in love.” Zayn closed his eyes and was silent for a few minutes. A soft smile spread across his lips, features softening and relaxing. This made Ed giggle.

“Well…..I just remember always wanting to, like, kiss him. Like every bloody second of every day. And always wanting to be right there next to him. ” Zayn mumbled, scratching the scruff on his cheek in thought. Ed scribbled that down