s shoulders, seemingly unconcerned with how tightly wound Harry is, and how he’s essentially flying blind on the emotion front. “But I think a more telling question would be who you were doing.” Niall gives Harry another long squeeze before clapping his hands. “He’s back!” he announces.

Harry, who’d gotten nearly choked in the whole clapping hands process, barely manages to stay upright as the giant doors come heaving open and an entire gaggle of mutants end up parading out to meet the two of them. They all seem rather enchanted with Niall and more than a little hesitant about Harry, and Harry snuffs out his powers automatically. That appears to be Niall’s goal, because his friend shoots Harry a particularly smug look, no doubt rifling through Harry’s emotions like no one’s business.

One of the children visibly relaxes, whispering to one of her friends, and the others glom onto Harry instantly. “It’s okay--I can hear him,” she says a bit louder, and Harry starts counting in his head automatically, bending down to their level. He wasn’t at X-Factor when he was their age, mostly because he was a late bloomer and hadn’t had any trouble until the time Gemma fell out a tree and Harry ended up landing her in trauma by preventing her from unbreaking her arm. Which was traumatic, and horrifying, and ultimately his mum had refused to cart him off to Simon’s for fear that Harry would think it was punishment.

Harry thinks it must be nice, however, and he’s sure to give all of the children his utmost attention, and only flips Niall off a little.

The girl from earlier notices and her lips quirk up a little. “I’m Lux,” she says, smiling up at Harry. “Nice to meet you.”

Harry blinks a few times. “Lux,” he repeats. “Like. Louise’s Lux?” Professor Teasdale’s daughter had been barely more than a baby when Harry had seen her last, and this girl is a child. Fully functional, telepathic, and walking on her own. Harry stares down at her a bit dumbfounded and more than a little charmed.

She certainly looks like Lou and Tom, with the blonde hair and the blue eyes and the causal use of her power. Harry can feel her fiddling with his brain and it takes all of his self control not to slam his walls down and keep her out.

She’s a child.

Harry is a grown arse man.

He manages a smile.

Lux grins at him again. Yep.

Harry blinks a few more times.

Mummy talks about you a lot, Lux continues. She says you’re silly.

Niall makes a giggling noise. “He is silly, isn’t he?” he says, which means Lux isn’t projecting just to Harry. Or she’s not as good as Nick is, actually, since she can’t be more than six, at this point.

Niall giggles again.

Harry flips him off a bit more and remembers why he dislikes telepaths. “It’s very nice to meet you, Miss Lux,” he says, extending a hand to her.

Lux takes his hand daintily and gives it a shake and him a once over, before skipping off back towards her friends, who have very quickly gotten bored of Harry and appear to be having a very serious discussion on the steps above them.

Harry watches the group of them with a wry smile, remembering the way Louis had gotten soft whenever they’d been around baby Lux, and the way that he’d talked about his many sisters.

Jay’s had another pair of twins since then--one of which had given her a near heart attack by floating out of her crib at half five in the morning. Taylor had been utterly charmed by Doris, more so because of their shared powers. Harry thinks of Louis’ face the first time Taylor complimented Harry after one of their simulation classes, and decides that he probably shouldn’t mention that to Louis.

And then he goes a bit sick in the stomach, because of course he’s not going to mention that to Louis. Because Louis is a murderer. Harry’s not going to talk to Louis again because he’s gone around and killed people. And he doesn’t even know he’s got a little brother now.

He wrenches his eyes away from the gaggle of children and finds Niall standing next to Lux with worry in his eyes. Lou’s daughter has a furrow to her brow like she’s been snooping, and Harry snaps his powers in around himself before he can help it. He lowers his shields as soon as Lux looks a bit hurt, because apparently she’s inherited Lou’s puppy dog eyes, but he regrets it as soon as Niall smirks and reaches down to high five the girl

“So Harry,” he says slowly. “Who’d you sleep with?” He’s looking at Lux a little bit knowingly, and Harry acts on instinct, his