is usually woven with grass amongst the slums and rebels but is woven with silk amongst the priveleged

 

VEHCILES: Cars are the main mode of transport, though dirt bikes are occasionally seen. Rebels steal cars from the priveleged, as well as the oil and petrol. A rebel tribe may have up to 5 or 6 large 4x4's whereas a slum tribe may have 1. Not all tribes have cars, and not all priveleged people have cars though most do

 

HOUSING: rebels and slums gather in tribes. Some tribes live in tents made from tarpaulin, plastics, metal sheets, wood sheets or skins. Some tribes make homes in large holes at old bomb sites, underground, in sewers, or underneath rubble. Priveleged live in houses that they pay for

 

MONEY: priveleged pay with their country's original currency with cash and card. Slums and rebels pay with bottle caps. Caps of certain shapes, textures, colours and patterns of rust change the value of a cap. To make 'money' as a slum requires trading. Trading bones is the easiest way, deer skulls are worth more if they're bigger. Trading skins and furs can get a slum 'caps' for spending

 

BUYING: Privleged buy their goods from a supermarket in the centre of the country. Most live nearby to make trips easier and less dangerous due to slums and rebels living closer to the borders of each country. Slums buy from markets that are set up randomly throughout a country. Stalls are set up, and owners choose prices. Some stalls buy items in exchange for caps, others sell them. Rebels steal from stalls, slums and priveleged rather than buying anything

 

WEAPONS: due to slums, rebels and Privleged being different from one another there is often a lot of fighting. Privleged are more humble and don't carry weapons, slums can carry weapons but most are for hunting purposes, otherwise they're used for protection. Rebels carry weapons, they're used to attack others and to take a tribes home. 

 

WATER: Water is found at natural springs and rivers. Most areas don't have them, but some have up to 3. Water is bought from a market, due to springs, rivers and lakes being used for bathing and washing clothes

Niall looked out of the window of the abandoned building he lived in. The shutters hung from the windows , broken.

Despite the old place he called home, he was richer than most people in this part of England. The old house was his, and he'd made sure to keep it clean on the inside, but dirty on the out so that it never attracted attention.

He looked out from it, over at Big Ben. The clock hadn't chimed in 6 years and the hands had stopped ticking. There was no such thing as time anymore, no such thing as work. You either had money or you don't.

Niall was rather oblivious to the outside world, which he was well aware of. He wanted to know what it was really like out there, but the small government that was left had decided to take control of those who let them

In six years a lot changed. There was almost no electricity. Having a little money could get you running water and candles, but not many people had the money for that even.

Clothing had become rags, people hand sewed them with cloth scraps, or animal skins, using grass, straw, reeds, or even just thread left in broken down craft buildings.

The richer had access to few resources that others didn't. Thread, running water, houses, food. The others were called slums, some were rebels.

The rebels overthrew the government 6 years ago once the over population of the planet began to cause problems. There weren't enough jobs, or homes to live in. There were hundreds living on the street, but now there were millions

The plan had backfired, and their entire planet had become a dystopia, something that was thought to only be in a story book.

Everybody was wrong, and now people lived in rubble, and made houses from them too. They fought endlessly, but some tried to bring back the old England.

Niall gathered a dirty bag made from different swatches of material. He packed his money, spare clothes, a few bottles of water and some food for the road.

He tossed the bag into his shoulder, and wandered out, making his way down from his house on the hill.

He walked for hours, still waiting to see the people he saw everyday from his window.

He tripped in the dust, but soon got back to his feet

"Well, well, well" Niall heard a snicker "what do we have here?"

Niall turned to the voice, looking straight at a relatively large female who had 4 men behind her. All of them had Mohawks, and hers was brown.

Niall smiled "wow, so you're in the slums?"

"Try rebels, honey" the girl smirked

Niall's eyes widened, and he ran for it instantly. He was covering his mouth, the dust in the air was heavy as he panted.