Niall insisted as he started the car, reversing out of Zayn’s driveway and down the road to school.  The smaller boy was stubborn, however, refusing to put the jacket on.

“Zayn, you put that jacket on right now or I’ll turn this car around.” Zayn rolled his eyes mockingly, smirking at his boyfriend’s antics. Niall kept his eyes on the road, but he was grinning as he drove.

“Oh, really?” Niall nodded, sparing a glance to Zayn and his heart skipping a beat when he Zayn was staring at him with adoration.  

“Yes, don’t test me, love.  I know how much you treasure your perfect attendance.  It would be a shame if you happened to…miss a day.” Zayn snorted, moving to shove at Niall; the blonde was quick and grabbed his hand before Zayn could even pull his hand back.  Niall brought Zayn’s hand to his lip and kissed his knuckles, smiling when he saw Zayn was blushing when he glanced at him.

“That would mean, according to the rules, you wouldn’t be allowed to play tonight.  That would a shame-“

“Just put the jacket on.” Niall interrupted as he drove into the school parking lot, honking when he saw some of his teammates relaxing by one of the cars in the lot. Zayn recognized them to be Liam, Louis, and Harry; they were the only ones that knew about Zayn and Niall’s relationship. Well, that was until today.

Niall parked in a space near them, turning to Zayn with an excited gleam in his eyes.  He helped Zayn maneuver the rather large jacket on, smiling when he saw how small Zayn looked in his clothes.

“You look so adorable, babe.” Zayn smiled, grabbing one of Niall’s hands in his own.  He rubbed circles into Niall’s palm, biting his lip nervously as he thought about how many people would stare at him.  How many people would point at him?  How many people would talk about him when they thought he couldn’t hear him?

“Hey, don’t freak yourself out, Zee.  What did I promise you in your room?” Zayn kept his eyes down on their entwined hands as he mumbled under his breath.  Niall smiled, squeezing Zayn’s hands.

“What did I promise you?  C’mon, babe, look at me; let me see those beautiful eyes of yours.” Zayn looked up, grinning shyly as Niall encouraged him to speak up.

“You promised you’d protect me.”

“That’s right, I did. If someone says or does anything to you, you know I would kick their ass into next week.” Zayn nodded his head, but his smile disappeared, and Niall was quick to bring it back.

“You mean everything to me, Zayn, in case you haven’t noticed. And no matter how much it sucks, there are going to be people who don’t agree with our relationship.”  Zayn nodded his head in understanding, his eyes never leaving Niall’s.

“You have to make me a promise too, okay?  Promise me you’ll tell me if anything happens, no matter what.   If anyone does anything, I want to let them know right away that I’m not taking their shit.”

“I’ll promise if you stop cursing.” Niall smirked, leaning over the middle console to kiss Zayn on the cheek.  “Deal.”

There was a knock at the window, and Zayn to see it was Liam. Louis and Harry were right behind him (by the looks of it, Louis was trying to talk Harry into letting him copy his homework).

“Ready?” Niall asked, his eyes focused on Zayn’s face for any signs of doubt or worry.  The younger boy took a deep breath and nodded, a sudden determination in his eyes.

“Good.” Niall smirked before they opened their car doors and stepping outside.  Niall slid over the hood of his car to join his friends and boyfriend on the other side; he wrapped an arm around Zayn’s waist and pulled the boy closer to his side.

“You’re wearing Niall’s jersey?” Liam asked with a surprised tone, looking back and forth at the couple.  His question had gotten Harry and Louis’ attention, and the two boys finally focused their attention on Niall and Zayn.

“You’re actually coming out?” Louis asked this time, wide-eyed as he stared Niall’s jersey on Zayn. Harry whistled lowly, but he was smiling nonetheless.

“Well, congrats mates. Definitely didn’t see this coming.” Liam beamed at them, his eyes shining with joy and pride now that the shock had gone. He pulled the two into a tight hug, crushing his two friends without a care.

“I’m so happy for you guys!  Championship game day too, Horan!” Liam ruffled Niall’s hair as he smiled down at the blonde.  He and Niall had been friends long before either of them had been able to talk