. I'm nothing like that though. I know I'm awkward and moody sometimes and I also knew this was for, like, an audience. I hate that you guys had to go through this instead of an actual, like, date. Pez was hitting me over the head about it before we left. And right before she went to the toilet." Zayn sighed then, fingers coming to a stop on the table. Liam had a chicken piece halfway to his mouth while Zayn was speaking, and there it still was, even though Zayn was silent now. He smiled broadly at Liam, motioning towards the chicken still in the air, only inches from his still open mouth.

"You gonna eat that mate?" Liam set the fork carefully on the table. He grabbed Sophia's untouched wineglass and took a large swallow of it. Time for some liquid courage. After a moment to collect himself, in which Zayn shook his head (fondly Liam hoped) and picked at his salad.

"First off, you are like me in that way. You just don't see it. Whatever is going on tonight isn't normal. I put it on the sea of flashing bulbs outside the door. You are usually very pleasant to eat with. And let me say, Sophia did the same thing. Telling me that I was making dinner unbearable by acting weird. Which I admit I was. It's whatever. We can just.....pretend it didn't happen and enjoy the rest of the dinner, right?" Zayn smiled then. The real one with his tongue pressed to the back of his teeth and eyes all squinty. Louis sometimes called it the 'Liam smile', but Liam would just shove him away with a laugh. Which reminded Liam....

"Zayn....why did you, uh, choose those things as the most romantic things you've done. Surely you've done more than that with Perrie? I mean...you guys are, like, engaged or whatever." Liam watched as the smile dropped right off of Zayn's face, eyes widening in panic. Nice job Payno. Scare the poor boy just when things were going so well. Liam shook his head then, mumbling a never mind, before digging back into his food, determined to just end this evening. Zayn, however, had other ideas.

"Liam, can I be honest with ya?"

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As Zayn continued to pick at his salad, he heard Liam giggle and saw him shake his head (fondly?). He cocked his head to the side, wondering what in the world Liam was going on about in his head over there. Maybe he was laughing at Zayn for his stupidity. He doesn't think Liam would, but his traitorous mind has other ideas. Since Liam doesn't seem to be in the talking mood tonight, with the way he stays silent and continues picking at his chicken (probably lost in that wonderful mind of his), Zayn decides to just ramble along, fingers drumming a beat on the table to distract him from Liam.

"I told Perrie this was gonna to be a huge mistake. Not, like, going out with you and Sophia 'cuz you always try your hardest Liam, yeah? You never back down, which is really admirable. It's just, I'm nothing like that. I know I'm awkward and moody sometimes and I also knew this was for, like, an audience y'know? I hate the cameras and I hate that you guys had to go through this instead of an actual, like, date. Pez was hitting me over the head about it before we left. And right before she went to the toilet." His fingers paused as he sighed, feeling the bubbly feeling that had been there before because of the wine turn sour. He just wanted to go home. He looked up to see Liam staring at him, mouth open and fork of chicken only meters from it like he was about to take a bite. Zayn found this hilarious, felt a goofy smile spreading across his face. Liam was one of the dorkiest people he knew. Even more so than himself. It's what he loved most about Liam actually. He made Zayn feel less....alone. It was nice.

"You gonna eat that mate?" That seemed to bring Liam out of his head. He set the fork down just as Zayn took a bite of his salad, wincing at the bitter taste of spinach on his tongue. Liam grabbed Sophia's untouched wineglass (apparently neither of them drank wine that much) and took a long swallow out of it. Zayn tried to bite back a surprised noise at how much Liam swallowed down, like he was craving it or something. Liam almost never drank, even though the tabloids always said the opposite of him. Liam wasn't a drunkard, he just enjoyed letting go like the rest of them. Nothing wrong with that. Liam had his eyes closed for a second before looking a Zayn, a serious expression written on his face.

"First off, you are like me in