, though. You did great, actually. But it only gets more painful from here," Niall says. He helps Zayn stand back up and helps him stretch with a secured hand on his lower back. "I'll be here, though. Anytime you need anything, my door's open, yeah?" 

He's already passed two months. He can survive the rest of this. 

** 

Actually, it does get much much worse. 

Zayn's pain is unbearable, lately. His head throbs and he ends up yelling at Niall for everything; for not making dinner the right way, for not staying up with him, for not buying him the right cookies. It's for every small little thing the blond does and Zayn's not sure he enjoys this anymore. 

He's not sure if he wants this anymore. 

"Zayn, you need to calm down a little. The amount of stress you're putting on yourself and the baby is too much," Liam explains. He's dropped by to do some studies and see the results this far. 

Niall must've told him about the mood swings, Zayn thinks because he's been nothing but calm since Liam, Louis, and Harry showed up. But maybe it's Harry's soft self showing him love. 

"Leave him alone, Liam. This is a natural way of acting," Harry says. He knows how pregnant woman act and he knows that Zayn's just going through some hormones which is entirely natural regardless of the light Liam's put him under. "Just let him breathe a bit." 

Zayn's entirely grateful for the curly haired boy as he nudges into his neck and holds on to the illusion of being loved. 

He tells himself that's not what this is about and his hormones are making him say silly things, but he doesn't even believe himself. 

That night, he curls up into Harry's side and falls fast asleep happily for the first time in a long time. 

**

Zayn notices something in the days that follow the week Liam, Louis, and Harry spent with them: Niall's not Niall. It feels weird to have the blond boy act so curt with him. It feels weird to not have Niall to talk to and joke with. 

"So. How are you, Zayn?" Niall asks, his eyes never lifting from the clipboard. Zayn immediately hates the way it sounds so formal, like him and Niall aren't friends. Like they don't fucking live together. No. It only reminds Zayn that he's alone and he has no one but his doctor. 

"Fine, I suppose. Same as always," he says lowly. His stupid fucking hormones are getting the better of him as he sniffs and he feels his breathing exaggerate. Tears fill up his eyes, and he looks anywhere but up to try and rush the tears away. 

"Alright then. Nothing's going wrong?" 

Zayn shakes his head, but a migraine begins to form and he immediately stops. "N-No," he chokes through a sob. He tries to press it down, but the tears begin to flow. He subconsciously holds onto his now very prominent stomach. 

"Zayn?" Niall puts a hand on his wrist, so, so close to his belly. So, so close to where he wants another person's hands most. He can't stop the sob that bursts through him at the sad thought. 

"Zayn, what's wrong?" Niall cups his chin in between two hands and makes him look up. Zayn's staring into the gates of heaven as otherworldly eyes stare down at him and burn him from the inside. "C'mon, talk to me." 

And Zayn lets it all out. 

"I'm supposed to be fucking happy, Niall. I'm supposed to have someone holding my hand and helping me out. I'm supposed to have someone that cherishes this baby as much as I do. We're supposed to make someone else happy as someone else is supposed to make us happy. 

"It just all hurts and sometimes I do yell at you and sometimes I do break down, but god damn it this is really difficult to go through alone. You have to understand that." Zayn knows he's been nothing but a jerk to Niall, but he needs Niall to understand what he's going through. He's going through this majorly alone. 

He can't help the tears and he feels pathetic and probably looks just as bad. His entire body shakes and he wants to try and place a hand on his stomach to soothe himself, but he just can't. He just can't be calmed down. 

"Zayn, please. I'm sorry it has to be this way. I'm sorry you feel so alone. I'm sorry I haven't done anything for you," Niall apologizes. He gently takes Zayn's hand and brings his other hand down to his belly. Zayn's eyes widen dramatically