mate,” he says. “I’m still not sure if I love you now.”

Louis rolls his eyes. “Say that to me after we haven’t written almost an entire album together and we’ll talk.”

Harry, who’d spent most of the conversation attempting to look dignified enough so as to not warrant pissing in their sink, immediately perks up his ears and shoots Louis a positively venomous look.

“What?”

Harry’s little head swings around with far more drama than he ever had as a human.

“Oh, okay fine. Part of an album,” Louis corrects. “We can’t forget your stunning contribution, Harold. Critics all around the world will surely be weeping at the wonder that is ‘we’re on fire, we are on fire.’”

Harry doesn’t even bat an eyelash, but Louis isn’t sure if that’s because he’s unamused, or if he’s a dog and dogs just don’t blink.

“You cried for fifteen minutes when you heard Happily,” Liam points out, loud enough that Harry’s dog-hearing picks it up, and Louis very abruptly goes pink.

“I thought we agreed to never speak of that, Liam,” he says, stepping quickly forward and reaching to pick Harry up with one hand. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to go help the love of my life piss in a sink. Ta.” He clicks off the phone with slightly more vindiction than probably necessary, and proceeds to drag the less than pleased Harry into the kitchen to do just that.

--

Harry isn’t speaking to Louis. Harry can’t speak to Louis, though, so that’s not unreasonable. Mostly, it’s the fact that he’s decided to go sulk in their bathroom that Louis finds more than a little overdramatic.

“Hazza,” he says, from outside their bathroom door. “I’m not sure how I feel about this newfound interest in toilet bowl swimming--”

Harry makes a scoffing noise through the door at that, and Louis reaches up to rub as his temples. He’s not sure why he even did Harry the courtesy of closing the door behind him in the first place.

“--but I’m sure we can use our considerable combined wealth in order to get you some swimming lessons when you’re not walking around on four legs and are instead stumbling around on two.”

Harry makes another disgruntled noise, before he practically yelps, and Louis gives up all pretense of giving him privacy and shoves the door open.

“Harry--” Louis starts to say, before what he’s looking at catches up with him, and he blinks. “Why are you in the bathtub?”

Harry shoots him a particularly poisonous look, and turns around to glare at their bathroom wall.

“I mean,” Louis continues, awkwardly, to cover the silence. “Are you--are you alright?”

Harry doesn’t even look at him, which normally wouldn’t bother Louis all that much, but it’s three in the morning and the love of his life is currently a labradoodle puppy and not speaking to him, so he figures he’s entirely justified in picking up his phone to dial Liam.

“This is all your fault,” Louis says, when the phone stops ringing. “In fact, when all this is said and done I am going to make you wish the buzzcut was the worst thing you ever did to your hair.”

“Erm,” says Sophia. “Hi?”

Louis nearly drops the phone. “Oh God, Sophia, sorry,” he sputters out. From inside the bathroom, Harry makes a noise that sounds like it could be the puppy equivalent of laughing. “Shut up, Harold,” Louis shouts, and regrets it instantly because maybe Harry wasn’t laughing so much as deciding to forgive Louis for making him piss in a sink.

“I’m going to just--give you to Liam,” says Sophia, bless her, and then Liam’s voice comes back on, sounding even more sleep muffled.

“Lou?” he says.

“Sorry, Liam, really,” Louis says, in a rush. “I just--you’re still the reasonable one, yeah?”

“Um,” says Liam. “Listen, Lou, do you want me to come over?”

“What if it doesn’t wear off,” Louis mutters. “I mean, we’ve got what, six hours till we have to be all pretty for the album shoot, yeah?”

“Yes,” Liam agrees, slowly. “Louis--”

“And like, I don’t even know if it was the orange that did it, Liam, like what if it’s not that--what if--” He lowers his voice. “What if he never turns back?”

“Louis--”

“What if he’s stuck like this, Liam?” Louis is aware that he’s gotten somewhat shrieky in the past few minutes, but he can’t seem to get his voice to stop