there, just a fan for a band, surrounded by other fans and wishing that he could meet any one member of the band. Niall had thought about it before, hundreds of times while he was stuck up in hotel rooms or backstage before the show, before award shows, and especially while he was walking the red carpet at his own movie premiere. He wanted to see his life from the outside, just witness the way that his own face lit up when they won an award or something.

It must be amazing to not have to keep to such a strict schedule as all of this, to not have to be away from family and friends, and stuck with the same dozen people all the time.

Niall wanted to be a normal boy sometimes, just messing about with Sean and Darragh and Dylan, going to uni and drinking his weekends out of his memory. Sometimes he felt that he was a bit like Pinocchio, “I want to be a real boy!” and they lied so often to the fans about things that shouldn’t even matter but, in the eyes of their management team, they do.

Then other times, Niall was definitely Rapunzel, caught up in his tall tower above the rest of the world, unable to join them down on the ground where everything could just be real and solid beneath his feet, where the floor of everything that he’d built didn’t threaten to crumble out from under his feet with just a little too much weight.

Rapunzel is the princess taken away from everything normal and thrown into this other world that seems so great and pleasant for the first few years, but then the ugly truth comes out and she fights to get free. Only Niall doesn’t want to break out of being in this band with his brothers and he doesn’t want to leave this world behind completely; he just doesn’t want to constantly be waiting for the other shoe to drop, for the wrong thing to come out, for the end to come and have everyone say that they knew it was there.

Niall sighs and looks down at the crowd of fans. On the bright side of this tower life, he’s able to do things for these amazing people, girls and boys and men and women; he’s able to affect their lives in positive ways, keep them living for just a while longer, and if that’s something that this gives him, he’d never leave this tower behind.

He watches as a pizza delivery truck pulls up to the curb, opening up the back of his truck to pull out the dozens of pizzas. He watches as the girls that are still awake look around in confusion, but as soon as they approach the delivery boy, the screams down on the street get louder and Niall cracks his window open.

They chant his name, shouting their thanks into the sky and Niall pockets his phone, closing out of the app that he’d used to order the pizzas for them. Of course, he’d ordered one for himself and when the delivery guy knocks on his door a few minutes later, he hands Niall the pizza along with a couple notes scribbled on napkins in what looks like lipstick and possibly eyeliner.

“You’re really awesome, man.” The delivery boy has a grin the size of California on his face. “We don’t get many celebrities ordering pizzas for their fans at two in the morning.” He shook his head in wonder and took Niall’s payment for the pizzas before leaving.

So yeah, if he could bring joy to people in this way and with music and whichever other ways that he did, then he was okay with staying up in this tower of fame for a little bit longer.

***


LT



.More like Goldilocks and the four bears; he always managed to eat their food and fall asleep in their beds.


Louis woke up when a pizza boy mistakenly knocked on his door. It was two in the morning and he couldn’t think of who in their right mind would be ordering a pizza at this time. Then he thought back to two weeks ago when he and Niall had been awake and ordered in a pizza at four in the morning.

That being said, he realized that it was probably Niall who ordered it, and the Irish lad was right across the hallway from Louis, so. Slipping his feet into some shoes, and pulling his phone off the charger, he crossed over to the other room.

Niall was sitting on the edge of his bed with the pizza box beside him, a movie playing on the TV.

“What’s up, Tommo?” He asked through a mouthful of cheese and pepperoni.

“Can I have a slice?” Louis dropped down onto the bed, glancing at the screen to see that it was the first Godfather movie. “Damn pizza guy was knocking on my door just a minute ago. What are all these?” Louis’ hand bumped into the carefully stack up napkin, covered in lipstick and something smudgy and black.

Niall grabbed them from him before he could ruin them. “They’re notes from the fans