at Liam through his lashes and Liam sighed before moving his hips cautiously forward. 

Liam didn’t want to hurt Zayn, but they had done this many times before, and he knew Zayn actually got off on it. So with a few more soft thrusts, he began moving his hips a bit more firmly and felt Zayn moan around him. He watched as his cock slid all the way into Zayn’s mouth. He saw Zayn move one of his hands to press down on his own crotch to try to relieve some of the pressure. This was definitely one of Liam’s favorite views in the entire world. Zayn’s eyes began to water after a little bit, and Liam tugged Zayn’s mouth off of him completely. Zayn immediately pouted at the loss of his cock in his mouth.

“Don’t want to come yet babe. I still have another surprise for you, yeah?”

“Yeah, Li.” And god, Zayn’s voice was rough and scratchy from having his throat fucked, and it sounded amazing. He stood up from the ground and placed a chaste kiss on Liam’s cheek.

“Will you get on the bed for me, baby? I need to grab something real quick, and then I will be right back.”

“Of course.” 

Zayn began to move towards the bed while Liam went into the closet. He reappeared a few moments later with his hands behind his back, to find Zayn completely naked and propped up against the headboard. He stopped for a second just to take in how gorgeous Zayn looked sitting there waiting for him. After finally making it over to the bed, Liam pulled his hands from behind his back. Zayn’s gaze shifted down to what he was holding, and he let out a gasp. Liam was holding a huge sparkly purple dildo. 

“Want you to watch me fuck myself on this, babe. And then I want you to fuck me until I can’t even remember my own name.”

Zayn’s eyes slipped closed for a moment as he tried to get his breathing to return to a more normal rate. As he opened his eyes back up, Liam moved around the side of the bed and grabbed the lube out of the nightstand. He crawled up onto the bed and set down the lube and dildo before straddling Zayn. He kissed him hard and fast, tongue swiping out to lick over the seam of Zayn’s lips just as he fucked his hips up against Liam. Liam sighed and slowly climbed off of him, then grabbed the lube and dildo once again. He moved until he was on all fours, his ass facing straight toward Zayn. He put the dildo down again and began to slick up his fingers with the lube. He looked over his shoulder at Zayn and found him intensely watching his every movement. 

“There’s only one rule ok, babe? You can look all you want but no touching me or yourself.”

Zayn gulped but nodded in agreement. With that, Liam took his hand and began circling his hole with one of his slick fingers. He slowly pressed one finger into himself, head dropping down below his shoulders. After giving himself a moment to adjust, he started moving it in and out. When his body became more comfortable, he added a second finger alongside it.  He again glanced over his shoulder at Zayn and found him gripping tightly to the sheets by his sides, while closely watching Liam’s fingers slide in and out of his hole. Liam moaned at the thought of Zayn getting so worked up watching him and slid in a third finger. Zayn’s gaze lifted up a moment later to meet Liam’s and he managed a small smile.

“Look so good like this sweetheart. Opening yourself up for me, getting your hole all ready for me cock. Can’t wait to have it in you and have you begging for more.”

Liam’s head dropped down again and he nudged his prostate, letting out a loud moan. He knew if he continued on like this, knowing that Zayn was watching him, he would likely come. With that thought in mind, he slipped his fingers out of himself and reached for the dildo. He covered the dildo in lube, and then brought it around to his now puffy hole. He chanced another glance back at Zayn and could tell that he had started to sweat and his knuckles had turned white from how hard he was gripping the sheets. His cock was pointed up towards his stomach, looking red and angry from barely being touched this entire time. He could see where the precome had leaked out, leaving a shiny imprint on Zayn’s stomach. Liam loved how worked up he had managed to get Zayn just from touching himself. 

He teased the outside of his hole before starting to push the head in past the ring of muscle. When he had pushed the toy in about halfway, he paused to allow his body to adjust to the size. As he felt himself relax, he pushed it in the rest of the way and took a second to breathe. He starting thrusting the dildo in and out