think breaking up with me would make me feel better? You said no takesy-backsy, Liam. Might sound stupid but I was kind of holding you to that promise.”

“What do you want me to do?” Liam bellows.

Zayn’s lips slap shut, because Liam doesn’t stop. His voice doesn’t get higher, but it feels like each word pierces against his skin.

“Would you like me to pretend I don’t notice how upset you get? I’m acknowledging it, Zayn, and I’m telling you I can’t fix it. Would you like me to pretend I don’t so I can keep doing it?”

“Okay,” Zayn says numbly, jerking his head into a nod.

“I’m sorry,” Liam says, reaching out for him again, voice quieter now.

Zayn nods, ignoring the way Liam’s voice breaks because he wants to comfort him, wants Liam to comfort him, but he can’t have that.

He turns and leaves before Liam can say anything else, doesn’t want to hear anything about let’s be friends, or any other shit like that. He walks through the living room without a word or glance at Harry and Niall. He doesn’t want them to see the way his face betrays any emotion he is feeling.

Harry catches up with him though when he is half way down Liam’s street, an arm around his shoulder to redirect him to his dorm instead of Everton, where he had been heading. He doesn’t say anything, and he doesn’t let Zayn smoke more than two cigarettes like he intends to.

“He broke up with me,” Zayn tells him as Harry guides him inside. “He low key pulled the ‘it’s me not you’ line.”

“What a fucking cock,” Harry coos softly, helping him out of his jacket. He expects Harry to say something along the lines that he knew this was going to happen, that’s why he went to Liam’s with him, right? But he doesn’t, and Zayn knows no matter how many times he says he hates Harry, Harry is his best friend and he loves him. 

Zayn lies in Harry’s bed, keeping his jeans on because he doesn’t care. Harry curls up beside him, fingers softly brushing through his hair again.

“You know,” Zayn says tiredly, and he isn’t quite sure Harry is awake or listening, but he goes on anyway. “I had been thinking I would rather be alone than deal with how cranky he gets but I don’t think that is true.”

“I know,” Harry says softly.

“I’m too clingy. I expect too much from him.”

“Did he say that?” Harry’s tone is harsher then it was before, taking on that protective best friend tone and Zayn shakes his head quickly.

“No, no. He said he doesn’t like that he is too busy and he knows I get upset by it. And he doesn’t want to upset me anymore, doesn’t want me to hate him because he can’t change it.” But in Zayn’s head that sounds more like, ‘I’m busy and you’re clingy.’

Harry stays quiet for a long moment before he says, “It’s true though, isn’t it?”

“Yeah. Doesn’t make it feel any better, though.”

 

He convinces his parents to pick him up and bring him home for the weekend again. They don’t ask, but his mother puts in a lot of effort to make sure he is okay in little mom ways. Checking up on him while he is in his room, letting Safaa stay up past her bedtime so they can finish watching the third season of Spongebob, bringing him coffee Saturday morning when he wakes up. They don’t mention Liam, except for Safaa, but his parents don’t ask about him at all and Zayn figures they probably already know. That Doniya probably told them, because even she goes out of her way to check up on him too often to be normal.

Between the break up and going home, Doniya hasn’t let him be. Constantly in his room, or making him come to the dance studio with her, texting him throughout the day about how he is doing, or how is day is going. He doesn’t mind because his sisters had always been his source of comfort before Liam had been.

When he gets back to school, he finds a job on campus so he can start saving up for his own car, so he can go home whenever he wants. It’s a job in Professor Higgins’ art studio, stocking it with supplies and keeping it clean, being there if other students need help. He isn’t sure why Higgins has so much faith in his abilities since he is just a first semester freshman, but he goes along with it.

Liam doesn’t talk to him and he doesn