quickly. Then he pulled out and positioned his cock.

“Are you sure she won't hear us?” Harry asked.

Zayn smirked.

“She’s a deep sleeper.”

And then Harry was crying out euphorically as Zayn was thrusting inside of him.

 

When Zayn finally came, he sat back to admire the boy before him. Harry had come earlier, his sticky fluid spraying all over their stomachs. He wondered what he must look like to Zayn, with cum dripping from everywhere.

“I should go…you know…clean up and everything.” Zayn rubbed the back of his neck guiltily. Harry nodded. He did know.

“I love you,” he whispered as he watched Zayn hurriedly dress. The older boy flashed him a quick smile.

“I love you too.”

And with that he dashed out of the room, shutting the door behind him. Harry lay back down and sighed as silence engulfed the room. He closed his eyes and welcomed sleep, holding on to the warmth of Zayn’s cum inside him.

 

* * *

 

Harry slammed the door of his car and marched up to Zayn’s flat. It was absolutely pouring but he couldn’t care less.  He rang the bell and pounded on the door. After a minute or so, a sleepy-looking Zayn pulled open the door.

“Oh. What’re you doing here? Lucky Perrie isn’t around –”

“What the hell is this?” Harry shoved his iPhone under Zayn’s nose. Zayn leaned back as his eyes quickly scanned the screen. He grimaced.

“Oh. That.”

“When the fuck were you going to tell me you’re engaged?”

Zayn grimaced.

“Let’s talk about this inside. People can see us out here.”

“I don't care if people see us!” Harry yelled, but he let Zayn pull him inside anyway.

“Look, Harry, I didn’t tell you before because –”

“Because what?”

“Because I didn’t want to hurt you!”

Harry laughed bitterly.

“Well, guess what, Zayn? You did. It fucking hurts!”

“I know, and I’m sorry! I just…”

“Why’re you doing this, Zayn?” Harry cried. “Why’re you even fucking with her?”

“I don't want to be! Harry, you know I don't,” Zayn yelled, “It’s a fucking PR thing! I don't want to be with her anymore than you want me to. I want to be with you, not with her.”

“Then why can't we?” Harry pleaded.

Zayn sighed frustratedly and ran his hand through his hair.

“Because management wouldn’t allow it! They told you and Louis to stay away from each other and you guys weren’t even anything. Can you imagine what they’d do to us?”

It was true. Management had asked Harry and Louis to put some distance between themselves so as not to fuel the Larry Stylinson rumours.

Harry sighed.

“I’m sick of this. I don't want to lose you and I’m tired of hiding who I am.”

Zayn wrapped his arms around Harry’s waist.

“I know,” he murmured, “I am too.”

“I wish we could just be open about this. About us.”

“And we will,” Zayn promised. “When the time is right.”

He pressed his lips tenderly to the younger boy’s. Harry let his troubles fall away and focused on the boy kissing him. Zayn stepped away.

“You should go,” he whispered. He pulled the door open. As Harry exited the flat, he remarked that Zayn didn’t even have the courage to look him in the eye.

 

* * *

 

“You alright, Haz?”

Harry looked up and saw Louis peering down concernedly at him. He smiled.

“Yeah, fine.”

Louis lowered himself into a seat at Harry’s lonely table. They were at the after-party, having just left the VMAs. But Harry didn’t feel like partying. Each time he had tried to approach Zayn or even join the group he was standing with, the boy would find an excuse to leave. Not once had he acknowledged Harry throughout the entire night, except for when they had had a quickie against the bathroom wall before the show.

Presently, Harry was trying to lose himself in champagne. Maybe its fizziness would ignite some spark in him. He looked on dejectedly as Zayn shared an intimate moment with his girlfrie – fiancée. Louis followed his gaze and sighed.

“Mate, why do you do this to yourself?”

Harry chuckled humourlessly.

“Trust me, I ask myself the same question everyday.”

“Why don't you try to find someone else?”

“Yeah,” Harry snorted drily, “because that worked out great the last time.”

 



Flashback




 



“Harry, are you okay?”



Harry glanced up. He had been having a thing with Taylor Swift since early December, when One Direction had been in New York to