He and Perrie- they're perfect. And you know he'd do anything to make me happy. He'd /try/ to love me, Liam, and that would be terrible. I couldn't live with that." He covered his face, tears dripping onto his lap. Suddenly Liam's arms wrapped around him and Liam leaned his head on Niall's shoulder. 

"I'm sorry," he said. "I-I didn't know. Maybe you should tell hi-"

"NO!" Niall jolted up. "I can't! I'll ruin him, Liam, don't you see? He will /never/ love me, and I can't tell him because he'll ruin himself trying. Just- just leave it be." Liam sat back again. 

"Okay Niall," he said quietly. "Just tell me if you need a distraction or someone to talk to, okay? I'm here." He hugged Niall again before stepping out, the door shutting softly behind him. 

Niall curled up and cried.
__

Niall leaned over the sink, examining his face in the mirror. Even he could tell that he looked terrible. His eyes were underlined with heavy dark circles and his pale skin was tinged grey. His face was hollow looking. He hadn't seen the boys in several weeks- they'd had some time off- and he had to make himself look normal.
He gingerly picked up the powder he'd taken from the makeup artist and brushed it on. It took him some time, but he finally managed. He rubbed his cheeks until they were the usual red and left, hoping no one would notice anything amiss.
He made sure to pull his sleeves over the jagged red lines on his arms.
__

"Nialler!" Louis enveloped him in a tight hug as Niall entered the hotel where they were staying that night. The others had crowded in Harry's room and were talking, but stopped to greet Niall as he came in. He forced a smile, a painful upward tug of his lips, and hugged Louis back. It was comforting to hug the brunette, but Louis let go quickly and flopped back on the bed. Niall sat before the others could get close enough to hug him too. 

"How are you all?" he asked, wincing at the polite tone. He avoided Zayn's eyes. 

"C'mon guys," Paul spoke through the door. "Off to bed." Four groans sounded and Niall half jumped up, ready to hide from Liam's searching gaze. The other boy was suspicious and Niall didn't want him to know. As he stepped out, Liam grabbed his arm, pulling him aside. Niall yanked his arm away. 

"What?" he tried to steady his voice as Louis and Zayn disappeared around the corner and Harry shut his door.

"Niall," Liam half-scolded. Niall leaned against the wall and looked at him expectantly. Liam sighed. "What's going on?"

"What?" Niall asked innocently. Liam's glare shut him up immediately. 

"Niall, it's obvious that there's /something/ wrong. Just stop playing these games! You can trust me. Let me help you." Niall felt his face grow stony as he froze up. 

"Leave me alone, Liam. I'm fine." He turned.

"Niall-"

"Leave it alone!" Liam's eyes widened as Niall left, tears blinding the blonde as he searched for his room number.
He just kept screwing up.
__

Niall looked around at the four other boys. He felt like he had no choice in pushing them away. They were getting too close and he just couldn't let anything out. Not just for himself, or even just for Zayn, but for the band.
He couldn't let on that he was a wreck. 

His heart stopped as Harry leaned closer to him, eyes locked on his face. 

"Is that...makeup, Niall?" he asked, confused. Three other faces leaned into Niall suddenly, examining his face. Zayn reached up and swiped a finger under Niall's left eye, some of the powder coming away on his fingertip.
Niall panicked. Grabbing the Pakistani boy's wrist, he shoved him away, backing up quickly. 

"It's...it's nothing." He felt sick- his heart was stuttering and his voice was quavering. His hands shook as he reached up, feeling his face.
Liam sucked in a sharp breath. 

"Niall, what is that?" he asked. Niall wanted to cry as he looked down to see that his sleeve had pulled up, at least a dozen of his cuts showing bright red against his skin. 

"Niall!" Louis looked up at the blonde in shock. Zayn's eyes were locked on the cuts. 

"I-" tears slipped down his face as he stood, facing the others. "I'm sorry."
He ran, ignoring the others calling for him as he stumbled into his room and