stars for what seemed like hours and wished upon every single on that one day he'd have the strength and courage to tell Louis how he really felt about him. And he also wished for some guidance because, truth be told, he didn't even know every detail of what he felt for Louis. It all seemed to keep building and building and he knew it started the night they went out for beers when Louis first got to the base. Harry had introduced him to the gang during the first round and by the third round, they were taking turns doing karaoke. Harry and Liam did a horrible rendition of that Brittney Spares, Rock and Roll, song from the movie Crossroads. Louis and another solider did their take on Alicia Keys' I'm Going Down and Harry recorded every single second of it. It was that night, in between the fourth round and last call, that he looked at Louis and realized that this boy meant so much more to him than anyone he knew and that he could spend the rest of his life studying his smile, getting lost in his eyes, and hearing him croak out any song that came on the radio.

"Scoot over, loser. You're on my side." Louis' voice cut through his trance as he poked Harry with his bony hips, siding onto the hood of the car and popping open his beer. "What's up? Didn't see you all day."

"Yeah, I know. I was busy at the range with Liam. He told me something interesting about a pretty boy named Zayn."

Louis chuckled and looked over at Harry, his eyes dark with the lack of light this far out from the base. "Sorry, he asked me to keep it on the hush. I would've told you otherwise."

"It's alright," Harry smirked and took a sip of his beer, bringing his legs closer to his chest as his eyes rested on the moon. "What did you do all day?"

"Training for my run next week. I'm leading it so I can't slack or else I won't get a chance to do it next time so, these puppy's are going to be seriously pissed at me for a while." Louis shrugged and kicked off his shoes, wiggling his toes.

"You realize it's disgusting that you don't wear socks."

"I wear them when I have to." Louis shouldered Harry with a smirked before pinching his side. "Don't be such a wife about it."

"Whatever, man." Harry bit his lip and looked down as he traced the pattern on his pants, taking a deep breath in a failed attempt to stop the way bumps rose on his skin and a slow shiver rolled down his spine. "Hey, Lou?"

"Yeah?"

"Remember the other night when.. when you asked if you could blow me?"

Louis was quiet for a minute, but it felt like a Goddamn eternity and Harry was honestly ready to run himself over with his own car, if something like that were ever possible. "Yeah, I remember."

"Well.. um, you know, if you still wanted to.. It wouldn't be the most.. h-horrible thing."

"You're saying I can blow you?"

"Yes." Harry's voice cracked and he knew it wasn't hard to mistake the way it trembled or the way he was unable to look at Louis as he spoke and if his legs weren't bent, he knew it wouldn't be hard to miss the way his cock pressed against the zipper of his jeans and throbbed so hard full of blood that he could barely stand it.

Louis didn't say a word as he slipped off the hood of the car and grabbed one of Harry's leg to pull him off as well. Harry went willingly, wedged between the front bumper and Louis' body and before he could even take a deep breath, his lips were consumed and his body felt as if it were on fire. He felt Louis' hands reaching down to undo his button and zipper, proceeding to stroke the outline of his cock while biting into Harry's bottom lip and sending the younger man into a moaning frenzy that seemed to stick to the air and wrap a bubble around them that he wished would never burst. Harry eyes fluttered close when Louis knelt down onto the plush grass beneath their feet and pressed his hot mouth against the fabric surrounding his cock and Harry whined out his name while his fingers cling onto the hood of the car, desperately wishing he could hold out long enough to feel that very mouth against his aching cock. It felt like centuries before Louis' fingers curled around the hem of his jeans and, in one swift motioned, pulled them down along with his boxers, springing free Harry's hard cock and automatically wrapping his delicate hand around him, stroking gracefully. His tongue followed his three strokes later, lapping around the wet tip, tracing the slit as pretty moans fell from him and mixed in with the choked groans coming from