, "Of course I do. What kind of boyfriend would I be if I didn't?" Zayn grinned.

Liam smiled back, "I want to Zayn, I really, really, truly do. But, promise me you'll stop if I want to."

"Duh," Zayn said, sticking his tongue out, "I would never hurt you. We'll do whatever you want. You'll be in charge."

*

"Zayn, Zayn, Zayn, Zayn!" Liam panted, his hands tangled in Zayn's hair, tugging and pulling and moaning as they both laid on the bed, spread out and nude.

Zayn nipped at Liam's neck, his arms caging down Liam's hips as he sucked and bite at the bruises all scattered around his boyfriends neck, stopping every few seconds to hear how Liam's breathing was doing. "You alright?" Zayn asked traveling up to Liam's ear ad biting down softly.

"F-Fine." Liam shuddered. "Just-please Zayn."

Zayn smirked, nodded, and brought his hand to Liam. "You've gotta be stretched first babe." Zayn muttered, kissing the side of Liam's head and held three fingers in front of his mouth.

Liam enclosed his mouth rushly over the fingers and sucked harshly, running his tongue over and around them, making sure he got them wet because he wouldn't want anything to hurt.

"That's enough, love." Zayn grinned, slowly pulling his fingers out and locking lips with Liam again for a moment. He pulled back, "It's gonna burn baby, at first. Tell me when you wanna stop, ok?"

Liam nodded his head quickly. Zayn looked at him with a fond expression and circled his entrance with one finger first. He teased and brushed the hole before pushing it inside at Liam's groan, he stopped immediately and pulled out.

Liam stared at him, "W-What? What's wrong?"

"Are you ok?" Zayn asked, his hand free with the slimy fingers came up to brush Liam's curls back behind his ears and back to caress his cheek.

"I'm good Zayn, I'm absolutely, positively perfect." Liam hissed, frowning.

Zayn looked hurt from Liam's reaction, "Sorry, I need to make sure you're not hurting." He muttered, sticking the finger in again and then a second without wasting any time.

Liam moaned, loud and dirty, "Fuck Zayn, oh... Shit."

Zayn added the third finger the minute later, stretching them out and twisting them, making sure Liam was prepared.

"Zayn, oh, oh godd..." Liam muttered, his eyes going wide and tears swelling up, "Zayn, no," He coughed, "S-Stop.." He said, reaching for his inhaler but Zayn grabbed his hand with his free one and forced Liam to look him in the eyes.

"You don't need it." Zayn said, words being unbelievably strong, not harsh, yet full of concern like he would snap and get the pump himself.

"Z-Zaynn." Liam wheezed trying to squirm away from Zayn but Zayn's eyes were so Hazel, so Gold, so beautiful, that Liam was mesmerized and surprised when his breathing started going slower but still a bit heavy.

"With me Liam, ready? Breathe in, and out.. In.. And out.." Zayn constructed, breathing in and out with Liam as he followed Zayn's soothing voice until his breathing was back to normal. "There ya go, I knew you could do it."

He was about to thank Zayn when Zayn curled each finger slowly, one after another, and the words were caught in his throat and he let out an expected moan.

"Ready, baby? Or do you still want me t-"

"No, fuck, I'm ready." Liam panted.

Zayn smiled, sweetly, and pulled his hand out, grabbing lube and spurting a squeeze in his hand, rubbing his hands around his exposed cock and slowly aligning it with Liam's hole. "Ready?"

"Yes." Liam said, putting his hands on Zayn's shoulder and giving it a light squeeze accompanied with nails digging into his skin but Zayn didn't really notice as he pushed in and Liam almost let out a shriek. "Zayn!"

"What!? What!? Are you ok!?" Zayn started to panic.

Liam opened his mouth but the only thing that came out was a big wheeze followed by smaller wheezes.

Zayn grabbed Liam's pump and brought to the younger boys mouth and let him take in the air. After Liam seemed to relax and his eyes drifted close he asked, "Are you ok?"

Liam's eyes bulged open, "I'm ok Z, I just.. It didn't really hurt.. I was just like, is this really real? Is this really happening? Am I actually having sex with you? Or is this a dream? You know? I can't really