the seat towards him with a raised brow.

“I can get them myself, thank you,” he says politely, voice quiet and a hand cupping the bottom of the phone so Zayn won’t hear. There is only one duffel bag, because he is only allowed to stay for the night. Paddy grimaces at him, and Liam can hear the way he laughs after Liam has scrambled out of the car.

“Make it vibrate again,” Liam orders once he is out of earshot of Paddy, voice more demanding than it had before. Zayn doesn’t say anything in response, and he thinks it is because Zayn is starting to get too overwhelmed. That is the only time he goes quiet in bed.

Liam is careful to be quiet as he turns the key, and opens the door, kicking his shoes off in the entrance way so they won’t sound against the floor. He can hear Zayn’s loud moans echoing through the hallway as he walks towards their bedroom, and where the phone presses into his ear.

“Do you have the cock ring on?” Liam asks him quietly, tip toeing against the carpet.

“Babe,” Zayn whines, and Liam closes his fingers into a fist when he hears it from the bedroom too. “You’re not going to let me come, are you?”

Liam makes a sound like no before he says, “Not until I’m there.”

Zayn’s laugh is not filled with amusement at all, but a bit sarcastic and desperate. “Prick –“

The door to their bedroom is opened, and Liam pushes on it gently, thankful when it makes little noise. But even if it did, he doesn’t think Zayn would be able to hear anything over those loud fucking noises he keeps making.

Liam’s breath hitches when he steps inside and his eyes find his boyfriend. Zayn is sprawled out on the bed, legs flat and spread, fingers tangled in the sheets. He is grinding his hips down onto the plug, a faint buzzing sound mixing in with his moans. His eyes are clenched shut, skin splotched with red and glistening with sweat.

His cock lies against his lower belly, swollen and an angry dark shade that makes it look almost painful. Zayn could have been touching himself and Liam wouldn’t have known, but he isn’t – and that makes Liam want to be a bit easier on him, kiss him all over and tell him how good he is.

Liam hangs up the phone, watching as Zayn’s brows scrunch together when the line goes dead and his head turns towards where the phone is balancing against his shoulder, lips pouting out and hips no longer moving.

Liam clears his throat, making Zayn yelp and jump, eyes wide and alarmed before they are filled with something brighter.

He doesn’t move from the bed, but falls back against the mattress, like he isn’t surprised but Liam knows he is.

“You are a shit,” he groans, fingers sliding down his torso like he wants to be a shit too. He teases the pad of his fingers across his abdomen, sliding through the trail of hair with a finger grazing his swollen cock.

Liam slides off his jacket, fingers going for the buttons at the top of his shirt. He grins, walking over around to the side of the bed so he can sit next to Zayn, the bed dipping some with his weight. “I told you I would be home soon.”

He cups Zayn’s inner thigh, feeling how smooth and soft his skin is under his palm. It is difficult just to touch him lightly, when he wants to crawl on top of Zayn and kiss every inch of his skin.

Zayn whimpers, fingers tangling back into the sheets. Liam eyes the tiny ring at the base of his cock before he slides his eyes up Zayn’s torso, where small bruises are starting to blossom like Zayn had been pinching himself and he lets his leg go.

“Roll over babe. Let me see.”

Liam undoes the rest of his shirt, sliding it off his shoulders as Zayn readjusts his position on the bed, knees digging into the mattress and legs spreading in front of him so he can see the plastic red toy nestled inside of him, the base keeping his cheeks spread. Liam presses a hand at the bottom of his spine, making his ass curve higher and pulling him a bit closer as Zayn whimpers again.

He scrapes his lips across the curve of Zayn’s cheek, an overwhelmed feeling building inside of him that will make him lose his composure and he can’t –

“Good boy,” he murmurs against Zayn’s skin. “Always such a good boy for me.”

“Yes,” Zayn huffs out. He goes to say more but Liam presses a finger against the base, making the plug press deeper into him.

“Except this week,” Liam scolds gently, tapping Zayn’s hip so he gets the hint to lie back on his back. Liam stands, pulling off the belt of his jeans and letting it fall to the floor as Zayn eyes him with