. All I have left, all that is mine, is my son. That and my career is all that I have and even then, I’ve nearly lost both of them. And that’s—it’s my entire fault in the end. I tried to do what was best for everyone; I tried to be the best that I could be for everyone and for what? So that I could end up losing everything that mattered to me?” Liam’s eyes are welling up, his breathing becoming ragged and uneven.

Zayn takes the closing steps before wrapping Liam up into a hug, pulling Liam’s head into his neck and Zayn just holds him. Holds him from breaking like Zayn is all too familiar with. Holds him from everything terrible that had been thrown in Liam’s direction. Holds him from everything and anything.

“Shhh,” Zayn whispers out, Liam’s whimpered cries leaving drips of water on Zayn’s sweater. “It’s okay, Liam. It’s gonna be okay. I’ve got you.”

Zayn lets Liam cry, lets him let it all out and this (as awful as it sounds) was the exact type of broken Liam he would’ve expected to see after having lost the mother to his child. Apparently Zayn wasn’t the only one pulling on a proper façade.

 Zayn knows that inhaling the scent that is Liam Payne and allowing himself to get used to the warm of his arms around him—he knows he’s exposing himself for further heartbreak from Liam Payne.

But it’s okay. It’s fine. Liam needs the comfort.

Liam’s worth it.

Zayn knows the feeling of not having that and the last person he’d ever wish that feeling to would still, undoubtedly, be Liam James Payne.

Sami’s cries immediately fill the room and that’s what has the two stepping away from one another, both males heading towards the living room and Liam wipes his eyes against his own sweater.

“Can I?” Zayn asks, turning to Liam. Zayn’s got his bottom lip tucked in between his teeth nervously and Liam sniffles at first before nodding with a softened expression over his once burning eyes.

Zayn easily and with care picks up crying little Sami and those cries remain as Zayn begins to rock him in his arms. Nothing works and Liam’s quick to reach for the diaper bag, “He’s hungry.” Liam sniffles, pulling out a bottle and some formula before making his way to the kitchen.

Sami’s eyes are shut tight as his wails continue and it’s not until Zayn begins to hum out the same song he’d hummed to Sami the first night he was found in Zayn’s arms.

Zayn continues to hum, Sami’s wide eyes coming into view as the infant recognizes the tune, staring intently at Zayn and the way Zayn’s lips are creating such a sound. Sami coos in return.. Zayn grins slightly before wiping off the tears from Sami’s face as he continues singing, still rocking the baby before he feels Liam’s presence loom over him from behind. Zayn adjusts Sami in his arm as Liam places the bottle near Sami’s lips to take.

Sami takes the bottle between his lips without hesitance but his eyes are glued to Zayn and god knows that’s doing something to Zayn. Liam says nothing as Zayn takes over the bottle but instead Zayn feels Liam hook his chin over Zayn’s shoulder and Zayn tenses underneath the touch but his singing continues.

Liam knows this song, knows it all too well. Zayn had shown it to him once after describing the fights and the name calling he’d endured before moving to Wolverhampton.

Still, that doesn’t surprise Zayn any less when Liam joins along. His voice smoothly and delicately harmonizing with Zayn’s and it’s then that Sami’s eyes turn to Liam, lips still sucking on the bottle with tired eyes slowly beginning to droop.

Zayn and Liam don’t stop singing until they’re certain Sami’s fast asleep, the suckling on the bottle coming to a standstill until Zayn removes it, and clears his throat as he awkwardly turns to face Liam.

“Should I set him down or are you, uh. Are you leaving?”

“Do you want us to leave?” Liam offers in return and Zayn has to contain the force in his exhale.

“No.” Zayn speaks out before thinking it through. His actual response should have been yes. But he just—he refuses to say goodbye right now.

So Liam and Sami stay.

Sami gets set right in the middle of Zayn’s bed with pillows surrounding his tiny body to have some sort of barrier just to keep him safe from the edges of the bed. It’s Zayn decision, not wanting to have to force the tiny baby into an uncomfortable position on the baby carrier if he can help it.

Niall and Louis pop up around six pm to check up on Zayn and the minute that they see Liam chilling on the couch with Zayn having chosen