the same school again.
It’s lunch break and Harry’s sitting with Niall at a table, both eating their lunch. ‘’It isn’t so bad here!’’ Niall says with his mouth full. ‘’The food is nice and I already made a new friend. I think his name is Liam, but I’m not sure anymore.’’ Harry chuckles and drinks from his soda. ‘’You literally make new friends every day, Niall, it’s not that special anymore.’’ ‘’Hey! He’s nice. He counts as a special something.’’ Harry just shrugs at that and decides not to argue any further, eating the rest of his meal. A few minutes before the bell Harry starts to worry a bit though. Louis always comes to their table during breaks, but he hasn’t come yet. But he isn’t sick either, he saw him walking and laughing in the hallway today, he couldn’t be. And that’s when Harry gets snapped out of his thoughts by two pair of hands before his eyes. ‘’Guess who!’’ Louis’ voice sounds and Harry’s chuckles quietly. ‘’Mommy?’’ Louis laughs and let’s go, grabbing a chair and sitting next to him. ‘’You’re silly.’’ Harry smiles. ‘’What’re you doing after school?’’ ‘’Nothing, really. Homework.’’ Harry shrugs and Louis nods, taking his backpack, zipping it open and looking at what’s inside. Harry doesn’t really mind, but when he starts pulling out books, he kind of does. ‘’Louis, give it back please.’’ The bell goes and he wants to grab it but Louis pulls away quickly. ‘’I’ll give it back to you, if’’ Harry groans. ‘’if you come over after school and do my dishes.’’ People are getting up, quickly finishing their food or drinks, picking up their backpacks to go to class and Harry sighs, ‘’Okay, I will.’’ and finally snatches the backpack from Louis’ hands. Louis only grins and stands up, shouting something along the lines of thank you while he quickly runs back to his older friends to get his own backpack, and Harry only smiles. The thing is, he doesn’t really mind doing all those things for Louis. Because it means more time with him. And Harry likes Louis. He flings his backpack on his back and walks after Niall, back to his class, looking at Louis who dissappears into a classroom.
Yeah, he thinks. He really does like to spend time with him.
It’s when Harry is 15 and Louis is 17 when Harry makes a new friend of his own.
They’re together sitting in Louis’ room. They just had dinner and Harry would stay over, as his mum went out with Robin to his grandma for two days and refused to let their kids home alone. Though Gemma wasn’t here, she was staying with one of her friends. ‘’Do you want to play fifa? I just got it a week ago and it’s sick! I mean, I really like to play it, but I think it’ll be more fun together.’’ Louis rambles, as usual, and Harry smiles softly at him. ‘’Yeah, sounds good.’’ Harry’s phone buzzes suddenly and he takes it out of his pocket, seeing he’s got a text from Zayn. Hey, wnna go out 2night? :) x Harry texts him back that he can’t, he’s staying with Louis tonight, and he recieves another message seconds later. O yeah, s’alright mate! U wna just text instead? x Harry looks up to see what Louis is doing and sees him fiddling with his playstation, so he agrees. He’s got nothing to do till Louis’ done anyway. They’re texting about how they’re planning to spend their holidays, how they don’t wanna go back to school because it’s a right pain in the ass, that Zayn’s mum told him he needs to go find a job for the summer and Harry’s glad his mum didn’t. They even talk about Louis for a little moment. ‘’Okay! Finally done, Harry you can ha… Watcha doing?’’ Louis looks over his shoulder and Harry shrugs, sending his text to Zayn before putting his phone away again. ‘’Nothing.’’ ‘’Who’s Zayn?’’ Louis asks. Harry shakes his head and takes his controller. ‘’Just a friend. Can I be Manchester United?’’ He turns around and smiles at Louis, but Louis doesn’t smile back. Harry thinks he even sees a slight hint of jealousy in his eyes, but before he can tell for sure, Louis’ already sitting on the ground with his own controller. ‘’Yeah, sure.’’ Harry just nods. They’re in the middle of the game – Harry of course losing against Louis with 1-4 – when Harry tells him to pause the game for a second. He takes his phone out of his pocket again and goes to open