be the last time you catch me off guard." Louis said walking from the stage drenched in water. Apparently, before the show, Liam had one of the security guys fill a green bucket of ice cold water for him. Once it was Harry's solo in 'What Makes You Beautiful', Liam discreetly grabbed the bucket that was hiding behind the staircase.  He quickly, before Harry's solo ended, went behind Louis and dumped the now melted ice on Louis and it was freezing. The end of Harry's solo was filled with Louis' screams. 

Liam was a laughing mess as he came backstage, handing his mic to a backstage crew worker. "I don't care if it never happens again, at least I got you this time. That's all that matters." Louis shook his head while taking his shirt off.

"What happened to you Loueh." Zayn said, sleep evident in his voice.

"Why don't you ask your friend? The fucker he is." Louis said, trying to get dry.

Zayn began laughing. "What did you do Liam, pour a bucket of water on Louis?" All the boys laughed harder while Louis glared because Zayn was spot on.

"That's exactly what he did." Niall yelled, his face turning red from laughter.

The boys soon settled down, grabbed their phones and made their way to the tour bus.

"Y'all doing anything tonight?" Liam asked no one in particular as they began driving back to the hotel. Zayn and Harry shrugged while the other boys shook their heads.

"Yeah me neither." The rest of the ride was silent, with the boys tweeting about the show and replying to fans on twitter.

***
"How about we smoke for a bit?" Zayn asked, already pulling some weed out and handing Louis the blunt.

Louis shrugged, "I roll though." Zayn handed Louis the weed and Louis began cleaning out the blunt. "So, what's going on between you and Perrie? You haven't talked about her the past few days."

Zayn ran his hands down his face. "I don't know. It's just not the same being with her anymore. I just feel different." He looked over to Louis and saw him, delicately, placing the weed onto the blunt. "Like, I still love her but I don't think I'm in love with her anymore."

Louis picked the blunt up and licked the ends. "What changed?"

"Louis, I really don't know. All I know is one day, I was hopelessly in love with her and then the next day, I was questioning whether I wanted to be with her or not."

"When was the last time the two of you talked?" As he finished up with the blunt.

"I've texted her but I haven't talked with her." Zayn took the blunt from Louis and lit it. "It's not a big deal though."

Zayn put the joint between his lips and inhaled.

***
Two hours later, and the two were high and drunk. After they finished their joint, they had one of the guards go out and get some beer. Zayn was just now coming out of the bathroom as he watched Louis eating a bag of chips.

"Can I get some?" Louis handed him the bag and once he turned around, Zayn couldn't help but stare at Louis' bum.

"Bro, did anyone ever tell you that you have a nice bum? Like, its pretty." Louis wasn't really paying attention to Zayn and so he just shrugged. "I'm serious Lou."

Louis turned around so he was facing Zayn. "Serious about what?"

"Your bum, it's a really nice size."

Louis continued to walk into the living room to grab his jacket. "You're weird Zayn but I'm gonna go."

Zayn pouted. "No, I have another joint I want to smoke with you."

"I can't Zayn, it's two thirty and I need to be up by seven." 

"Lou, come on. I'm not tired yet." Zayn sat on the couch with a grunt and patted the spot next to it. Louis sighed and walked around the couch and sat next to Zayn. "Just smoke with me and then if you're too tired, you can sleep over." Zayn looked toward Louis and saw that he was already dozing off.

"But I'm tired now."

Zayn sighed. "Fine." Zayn leaned his head back and turned it to his left so he could get a better look at Louis. He couldn't help but notice his lips, his cheekbones, his hair, and the slow deep breaths that were leaving his mouth, due to him sleeping. These are things that Zayn wouldn't notice if he wasn't drunk or high. Yeah, he's noticed Louis' bum before but never thought to say anything about it, he only mentions it when he's high or