I pulled off my jeans in favor of gym shorts and then, as I peeled off my shirt, turned to say to Louis, “I and some friends of mine were just gonna go kick a soccer ball around on the front field. You care to join us?”

He stared at me for a moment before dropping his gaze, clearing his throat, and saying, “Yea, sure, um, yea, that sounds great.”

“Cool.” I pulled my hair up into a bun and pulled on a thin sleeveless tee. Louis was already dressed in the typical straight boy uniform of shorts and a t-shirt, so I motioned towards the door. “Shall we?” 

He nodded.

The air outside was still sick with summer, though cooling with the evening and the approaching autumn. It felt good after the chilly breezes of the stone dorms, and I bumped shoulders with Niall when I spotted him by the tree line. 

“Niall,” I said. “This is Louis, my new Ty.”

“Pleasure, Louis,” Niall beamed, holding out a hand for him to shake. Louis smiled and accepted it. 

“Pleasure’s all mine,” he said.

“Charming, isn’t he?” I said, like we were old friends. He grinned at me, surprised. 

“Astoundingly so,” Niall agreed.

“Liam!” I shouted, seeing him coming out of his building. I waved him over.

“Hey,” he said, already sweaty like he’d been working out since dinner’d ended. Which wasn’t unlikely.

“This is Louis,” I said.

“Hello, Louis.”

“Hello, person.”

“Liam,” I aided.

“Liam,” Louis repeated. 

Liam grinned. He didn’t offer a hand. “Should we get started?” he asked.

“Who’s got the ball?” Niall asked.

“I have!” Andy, a sophomore, said, jogging up to us.

“You ready then, Beckham?” I asked.

“Ready as I’ll ever be.” He smiled wide at me, the setting sun catching in his eyes and making them like morning glories.

Niall grabbed the ball out of Andy’s hands and, with a holler, kicked it across the field.

We all took off running like a gun’d been shot.

ugh, pretty boys

I woke up early, and, as always happens on the first day back after break, was immediately disoriented. It happened at home, too, when I’d been here for a few months. I turned over to search the dark for Ty’s sleeping figure, always on top of the duvet despite the cold. Instead, I found just a head, tucked into a pillow, the tiny body of my new roommate easily disguised under his quilt. I watched him as my eyes adjusted, his barely-open mouth, his messy hair and his eyelashes, long enough that I could make them out across the small span between us, fluttering slightly as he sighed in his sleep.

I smiled at the sight. He was beautiful, the classic kind, like a James Dean or a Marlon Brando.

Probably didn’t swing the same way those two did, though.

I sighed, myself, and turned onto my back, dragging my eyes away from him. Being bisexual was a hard thing to ignore at an all-boys school, and I’d been here about three weeks, freshman year, before I realized it. But I also understood the careful balance schools like this had with queer guys. Not quite don’t ask, don’t tell, but along those lines. Kind of like, you can like guys, that’s fine, even fair, given your circumstances. Just don’t act on it where anyone can see.

All my crushes had been older, unachievable guys, anyway, so it’d never been a problem for me. And Ty was about as appealing as one of those hairless cats.

I could tell already that rooming with Louis would make things here slightly more difficult for me. Even if he had the personality of the peach colored pencil you always used to color in white people’s skin in kindergarten, he had the kind of face you only realized you weren’t supposed to be staring at after minutes had passed, and a body that’s every movement made your tongue feel slightly too large for your mouth, even as petite as he was.

It didn’t matter. I’d gone here for three years now, and never gotten into anything serious enough to cause me any trouble with the less tolerant guys. One pretty boy sleeping across from me was nothing I couldn’t take.

I tried to sleep for a while longer before jumping up, dragging on the gym shorts I’d discarded on the end of my bed last night, and heading out for a jog.

When I got back, Louis was gone, presumably already down at the dining hall for breakfast. I showered hurriedly, then put on that fateful blazer and those never-tight-enough-