head.

"nothing, nothing babe. you're just cute, that's all." liam couldn't think. which was good, because zayn finally caught up with what he had said full-body flushed. (well, liam thought it was a full-body. he couldn't tell yet, unfortunately.)

"i, um, shit. sorry leeyum, i-" one of zayn's hands went up to rub at his face (mostly his eyes) and liam just about screamed.

"don't think i'm the only cute one around here," liam grinned. zayn peeked through his hands.

"so you admit that you're cute, then? pretty fucking vain of you, mate," zayn said, raising his eyebrows. liam decided to ignore the fact that zayn was still blushing and shrugged.

"hey, modesty gets you nowhere." zayn nodded thoughtfully in assent, fingers playing with the bottle of medication. he glanced down at his hand absently before remembering exactly what he was doing.

"one more try, then?" zayn asked. liam hesitated, furrowing his brow, but nodded. zayn bit back a smile, then hesitated before gently holding liam's eye open with one hand while he dropped the medication. liam made a wounded noise in the back of his throat as the cold liquid touched his actual eyeball, and zayn let go instantly so he could clench his eyes shut, then walked back over to his chair as liam massaged his eyeball.

"not too bad, right?" zayn mustered after a few moments of thinking about the man in the chair. the firm, solid, muscley man who was actually so endearingly cute and how the fuck-  

liam finally opened his eyes and glowered at zayn as miserably as he could.

"three more?"

"sorry mate," zayn said apologetically. "you ready?"

"guess we don't have all day?" liam said weakly. zayn frowned in response.

"we've got time. relax liam, take a couple deep breaths if you need to." liam nodded and relaxed in his chair a bit. the silence should've been uncomfortable, but for some reason... it wasn't. zayn made everything feel warm and cozy, at least from the inside.

on the outside he was fucking freezing, with little goosebumps popping up on his arms. someone had turned the air conditioning on, and liam was almost shivering in his thin white t-shirt.

" 's cold," liam said after a few moments in a way of making conversation. zayn deftly swiveled around and plucked a jacket off the hook behind him.

"you wanna wear this for a bit? i think it'll fit you actually, my sisters bought it, like, seven sizes too big for me." liam smiled, eyes crinkling as he accepted the jacket.

"yeah? tell me about them, what're their names?" liam hadn't missed the fond smile that had settled on his lips as he mentioned his family.

" 've got three of them. doniya, waliyha and safaa, and yeah, they're um. they're pretty cool," he said happily. "they're like, a lot like me, but also pretty different. which is cool, because i'm really protective over them but like, i also get to learn a lot from them and just, yeah." he shrugged, smiling as he looked at the floor. "they're cool," he finished.

liam calmly contemplated setting himself on fire as he smiled at zayn from his chair. this man was an, an enigma (fuck if liam didn't feel cool for using that word). flirty one second and caring the next second and now shy too and why was this his life-

"so um, how often do you see them?"

"pretty often, actually. i chose a flat pretty near to the house, so i drop in and visit whenever i want. get my mum to cook for me and stuff, y'know?"

"why'd you move out at all, then?" liam chuckled.

"wanted to spray paint my walls," zayn grinned. liam laughed in response.

"i'm serious! get to concentrate on my artwork and play my music and smoke without my mum yellin at me to do this or that. 's nice, having your space. also," and his smile turned filthy. "when i've got guests over, we can be as loud as we want."

"um," liam said eloquently. zayn giggled.

"you're fun to mess with. what about you? got any siblings?"

"oh, shut up," liam chuckled, rolling his eyes. "and yeah, two sisters, nicola and ruth. it's just me and my dog now, though. they're back in wolverhampton." zayn nodded sagely.

"wolverhampton, yeah? thought i placed your accent, but i wasn't quite sure. and you've got a dog? sick mate, i love animals." zayn