whole body arches and I struggle to get out of Zayn’s grip.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” I moan. Niall’s tongue goes inside of me and I feel my body tense up. I bite my lip to hold back a scream. The boys, other than Zayn, pause their actions for Niall. My body begins to tremble as I feel my Niall suck on my. My mouth opens and Zayn’s lips are quickly on mine to swallow the scream. He lets go of my hands to hold my waist and my hands grip the sheets on the bed. With Niall french kissing my pussy, Zayn french kissing me, Larry Stylinson tearing at my neck, and Liam doing God knows what to my breast, lets just say, it was quite the sensation. My orgasm was coming quickly and the boys could feel it.

“You gonna climax for us, huh?” Louis whispers, nibbling at my neck.

I couldn’t even answer, only whimper in pleasure. Niall wraps my legs around his neck and really went to work. Zayn grabbed my hands again and connected my lips with his, but not before saying,”Trust me, you’re gonna need this.”

My head arches back and I feel my climax whipping through me. Everything bursts into white light. The pleasure is too much to handle. Zayn struggles to keep his mouth on mine. My moans and screams are swallowed by him. My body arches and shakes. I could feel Niall sucking my juices as they came out. My legs tightened around his neck and it was a wonder I wasn't choking him. I could feel myself coming down and everything refocuses. Zayn pulls away from me and catches his breath.

“Fucking shit,” I pant.

“This is only the beginning,” Liam says with a smirk.

Niall emerges from my legs with a grin.

“As sweet as expected,” he says cheekily.

“Mmm,” Liam says,”Lemme taste.”

Then the unexpected happens, Liam and Niall’s lips come together. The kiss was far from innocent. Both of their tongues fight for dominance and they’re getting closer and closer together. Niall grabs Liam’s waist and jerks him closer so that their crotch’s were rubbing each other. Liam moans and I could feel myself throbbing again at the sexiness that was in front of me. Zayn leaves my side and I can see a playful pout on his face. Niall notices and pulls away from Liam and connects to Zayn. I couldn’t help but feel angry that Zayn wasn't kissing me anymore. But that was short lived. Louis and Harry drifted their hands to my clit and began to rub. My moaning starts up again and the lost attention is grabbed. Liam gets on top of me and fits in between my legs. He begins kissing down my neck, all the while Harry and Louis are still rubbing circles. I find confidence and remove my clenched fist from the grip on the sheets and move them to Liam’s bulge, still sheltered in his boxers. I catch him off guard and he tears away from my neck and lets out a low groan.

“Shit,” says, out of breath.

He removes Harry and Louis’ hands from my inner thighs and they leave from the side of me. Niall and Zayn were still making out. Zayn had his hands in Niall’s hair and Niall had his hands down Zayn’s boxers, stroking him. Liam presses down into me and I moan loudly. He wraps my legs around his waist and grinds into me. What the other boys are doing to the side of me does nothing to help. Louis found his way to Niall and was closely pressed to him, sprinkling kisses down his neck. Harry was doing the same to Zayn, but he had wrapped his arms around the three of them, his hands resting on Louis’ bum. They were all grinding into each other and I felt myself involuntarily grinding into Liam. He grinds back harder and I moan as my throbbing flesh rubs against the scratchy material keeping me away from his erection.

“I think you have on too many clothes,” I say looking him lustfully in the eyes.

He chuckles lowly and lifts up and pulls his boxers down and throws the across them across the room. He presses into me again and I cry out at the pleasure of his skin against mine.

“Better?”

“Inside of me, now.” I say through clenched teeth.

He nibbles at my neck before pulling my legs apart. “Are you sure?” He asks. His eyes are clouded over with lust and they droop.

“Yes, please.” I beg.

He smirks and puts his tip against my throbbing entrance. “Liam-” Without warning he thrusts into me. I cry out in pain and pleasure as my body tries to adjust to his size. Now I know why they call him Daddy Direction. Fuck he was big. Tears prick my eyes. He kisses the edge of them.

“You okay?” He asks.

I nod.

“Are you sure cuz-“

“Liam, please.”

He takes the