friend. What if the lad needed him?

Or what if he didn’t?

Making up his mind, Zayn was heading to the door. Before he could make it, a certain curly-haired lad appeared. “Harry!” Zayn cried out in relief but it was short-lived because he noticed the slight sway in the way that the lanky lad stood.

Oh, Zayn was going to murder that Tomlinson kid after he was done with Harry. This could be his take on a modern Romeo and Juliet.

Drunk Harry was a giggly and naive Harry. Anyone could have taken advantage of him. Zayn immediately went forth and put an arm around Harry’s abdomen, supporting him.

“Hiya, Zaynieeee…” he slurred at Zayn with droopy eyes and a dopey smile on his face. He flopped both his arms uselessly as if trying to give Zayn a pat on the back.

“You alright, Haz?” As soon as Zayn asked, he smacked himself mentally for the stupid question. Of course the lad wasn’t alright, he was drunk.  “That’s it. It’s time to go home. ”

“Bbbut Louuuu,” Harry lifted his head in search for Lou and pouted. “Haven’t said bye bye yet. ”

Zayn ignored the lad’s mumblings and started walking to the door, dragging Harry with him. Suddenly, Harry decided that it would be funny to let Zayn support all of his weight.

“Oof!” Zayn lurched a bit to the left before steadying the both of them. Harry giggled.

“Weeee!” He cried. Zayn rolled his eyes.

“We really need to get home,” he decided.

“I need to go to the loo,” Harry stated before laughing to himself and muttering about loo and Lou.

Zayn groaned, “Can’t you hold it in until we get home?”

Harry held his stomach. “ I don’t wanna pee. I wanna puke. ”

Oh boy.

Zayn quickly led Harry to a nearby bathroom before he could redecorate the floor. The other lad groaned and let out other sounds of discomfort the entire way there. They arrived at the bathroom in the nick of time. As soon as they passed the door, Harry ducked to the toilet bowl and puked. 

Although Zayn wanted to look away, he knew that he had to be a good best friend and so he pulled all of Harry’s luscious curls away from his face, holding it for him while Harry puked up his internal organs. The smell was foul and Zayn wished that Harry would puke faster. Suddenly, the door to the bathroom opened and another pair walked in. 

 “If you’re looking for a quickie, find another bathroom, mate,” Zayn said, looking up at the two dudes. 

 One was super hot and the other looked like he was going to- 

 -dive in next to Harry and start vomiting too. 

 “Oh, shit,” his friend breathed out, looking at the guy in complete mortification. That was when Zayn realised that the guy puking was Louis Tomlinson, Harry’s crush and his friend was Liam Payne, Zayn’s-not-too-obvious-or-so-he-thought crush. 

 This was an awkward situation. 

 “It is,” Liam agreed. 

Zayn’s cheeks flushed red when he realised that he had accidentally said it out loud. He cleared his throat hurriedly. “Well,” he stopped halfway when he realised that he had nothing to say. Liam stepped forward, careful not to accidentally step on Louis’ foot in the suddenly small bathroom. 

“’M Liam,” he held out a hand to Zayn. Before the other lad could free his hand of Harry’s hair, the curly-haired one lifted his head. 

 “He knows who you are,” Harry said, blanching at the aftertaste of his vomit. “He has a-” Zayn’s eyes widened when he figured what Harry was going to say. Fortunately for Zayn, Harry didn’t get to finish his sentence because he started puking again. Zayn quickly rubbed Harry’s back, in hopes of soothing the lad. 

Liam copied his actions, unsure of how to help his friend.

 Once Harry seemed slightly more okay, Zayn helped him stand. “C'mon, Haz, let’s get you home,” and he dragged Harry out if the bathroom without a goodbye to Liam and Louis. 

 His encounter with Liam did not end there though. 

Once Zayn had gotten them both safely at their shared apartment, he nursed Harry back to his usual self and Harry swore not to drag Zayn to parties and  get that drunk again. However, that resolution went down the drain when two weeks after, Harry got invited to another party. After much pleading, Zayn had gave in for the second time. 

 This party made him experience Deja Vu because the same thing happened. Harry went missing again and came back when he was intoxicated to the point of puking. And so, they took a trip to the loo because he felt poorly. And by chance, Liam and Louis apparently faced the same issue. Louis was