since leopards are big cats, known to everyone alive. "And can we have hate sex later? I'll even let you top."

   "Tempting offer, Zayn, but I'll keep my arse to myself."

   Whilst we were talking, James and Kyros took action and lunged at them in their wolf forms, their teeth sinking into the hellhound's neck, but it looked like it was doing no real damage. It was either I reveal myself as a demigod or try killing that in my wolf form.

   Being the idiotic alpha I am, I choose the latter.

   Transforming mid-leap, I jump up into the air, the change of form as painless as ever. 

   From the corner of my eyes, I see that James is being thrown off the beast, falling onto the ground hindquarters-first. I howl in fury, lunging at the thing's neck and manage to pierce its thick pelt with my teeth, tasting the dark, icky blood of the Underworld. I don't release despite the taste of the horrible blood, holding on until Kyros leaps towards the hellhound and bites down its calf pretty hard. The monster rears and lets out a growl, from the pain, I suppose, and its bloodred eyes widen. Seeing my chance, I score my claws down its throat, leaving a bloody gash on their wake. It howls this time, definitely from pain, and soon disintergrate into dust, leaving a stench behind. I wrinkle my nose and kick at the dust, as if it were dirt.

   "That was pretty impressive," Harry muses, his legs crosses now, his ferocious green eyes unwavering as he looks at me still in my wolf form. "Taking the hellhound without the help of a demigod... are you sure you aren't one as well?"

   I flinch inwardly, hoping Harry can't smell my uneasiness. "Please, if I were a demigod, you'd be able to sense my Powers." But I do a good job of hiding it, and since we're from different pantheons, it's even harder for you to figure out. I add to myself, swishing my tail behind me. "Your imaginations amuse me... are they still active in bed?"

   "Yuck, I'm too young for this," Kyros wrinkles his nose from fake disgust. In human years, the pup is only 17, soon to be in his prime and in need of search for his mate. "Master, can you just save the dirty talk with your mate for later?"

   "I told you not to -"

   "I'm not his mate." Harry snaps at the young wolf, making him whimper.

   "Hey! You had no right to frighten Kyros!" I snarl at him, baring my teeth at the younger demigod/were-leopard. 

   "He called me your fucking mate! I am not your mate, you idiotic gits!" Harry lashes out verbally, his Powers doubling from his rage. "So fuck off, before I decide to kill you all."

   That's not an empty threat since all pantheons know that there would be a Norse demigod whose destiny is to overthrow his own one and become the new king of the gods.

   "Calm the hell down, Hazza. No need to be all angsty and stuff. Can we go grab coffee or something?" I try to sound nonchalant, like I'm not talking to someone who has powers to kill us all with one flick of his hand.

   "I'm not going anywhere with you unless it's for the band!" Whirlwinds start to form around the young were-leopard, and I realise he's beyond pissed from Kyros' comment.

   "C'mon, Harry. Looks like you could use some relaxing and caffeine will do it for ya!"

   The curly haired lad narrows his eyes and contemplate his options, and I can practically see the battle inside his head. It's to either go with me, or look like a complete jerk who's saying no to a simple suggestion.

   "Fine, but you're paying," his leopard ears twitch before they disappear.

~*~

   After 10 minutes or so, we're sat at a table at Starbucks, taking sips of our coffess, not really speaking to each other. Every once in a while, we'd look at each other but the eye contact last less than a second. I start to tap my finger against the table, which earns a glare from Harry.

   "You cats are so weird..." I muse out loud, and he hisses at me.

   "I'm a leopard, not a cat." He retorts, his eyes narrowed into slits.

   "Yeah, leopards are big felines, aka cats," I stick my tongue out at him, and he bloody pokes it. I try to bite his finger, but he's quick enough to pull away before I can do so.

   "If you're gonna keep on hating me, can we have hate sex later?" That earns a kick under the table. "Okay, okay, fine, we