establishment, there was a man hunched over at the bar, his head on the surface and he looked as if he’d already had plenty to drink.

“Leeyum?” He asked tentatively, slipping his hand over the familiar shoulders. “Li, are you alright?”

Sad brown eyes looked up from the drink, settling on Zayn as though he was blurry. “Hey, mate, what’re you doing here?” He smiled sloppily and lifted his drink to his lips, only spilling half of it on the way. “It’s a great night, you know, I’m – I’m feeling great.” The shaking pout to his bottom lip proved otherwise.

Zayn glanced across the bar to his friends. They were watching him now and when they saw who he was with, they went back to their drinks. He pulled the chair out beside Liam, slipping in so that he was facing the younger boy. The drink was easy enough to wrestle away, even though it left Liam pouting even more.

“Tell me why you’re drunk.” Zayn demanded, sitting the drink on the other side of him so that Liam couldn’t reach it. “Under most circumstances, I know that you’d be getting drunk at Funky Buddha, so my main question is why you’re here getting drunk?”

“Soph broke up with me. Same reason as the last time.” He put on a falsetto voice that Zayn assumed was meant to sound like Sophia. “’Do you even know what I’m saying?’ And I’m not even that upset. Like, I know that we’ve not been 100 percent great over the past few weeks, but uh… Give me my drink back.”

He tried to reach around the older boy, but Zayn blocked him by grabbing his hand. “You’ve had enough. You should go home.”

Liam batted his eyes at the older boy, tightening his grip on his hand. “Come home with me, Zayn. It’s been too long since we’ve had a movie night or a drunk, chatty night.”

One glance over at Zayn’s friends revealed to him that they seemed perfectly fine without him, but he figured that he should still go tell them that he was leaving to take care of Liam. They would understand. “Yeah, alright, Leeyum. Let’s go. Back to mine or yours?” Liam grinned and stood up, nearly pushing his seat over in his rush.

“Wait, I need to go talk to them really fast.” He nodded over at his friends, tugging Liam along behind him without waiting for any reply. When they reached his friends, they all turned to look, eyes scanning Liam’s face and then tracing down to where their joined hands. “I, uh, it was nice seeing you all, but Liam’s sort of drunk and I should take care of that before he causes some bad publicity, so I’ll see you lot around some other time.”

They all mumbled their replies which ranged from booing him to telling him to go away and take care of Liam. Just like he knew, they were alright with him ditching them in favor of the brown eyed boy behind him.

Even though Zayn hadn’t yet passed his driver’s test, he knew enough about driving to take over from Liam and get them back to the younger’s home safely.

Liam was a handsy drunk, all of the boys knew it but it didn’t stop Zayn from flushing from head to toe when the bigger boy fastened his hands around the smaller’s waist, resting his head on his chin as they headed inside. “Zennnn.” Liam slurred, breath hot and sticky against Zayn’s skin. “Zen, come to bed with me.” He licked his lips and pressed them against the exposed skin of the darker boy’s throat.

It was hard. Both pushing Liam away, staying calm, and… other things. Drunkenly Liam stumbled behind Zayn, hands cinched around the small waist, his eyes focused on the one thing that was right in front of his face when he was led up the stairs. Zayn’s bum or lack thereof. It’s not that there was no bum – there certainly was because Liam had seen it on more than one occasion – but Zayn had such a tiny bum, cute and small and Liam giggled at the thought.

When they reached the peak of the stairs, once again on stable ground (although Liam found it difficult to maneuver), Zayn turned around quickly, capturing Liam in his steady gaze, hazel eyes turned steely in the dim glow of city lights through the window. Liam caught a fleeting smile that tried to escape over his lips. “You look pretty, Z. So angely, angelic, angel manish.”

Zayn allowed his lips to twist into a half smile and his eyes melted into those warm puddles that Liam was used to looking into. “Get in bed, Li.” He stepped closer and wrapped his warm fingers around Liam’s warmer wrist, pulling him away