pressing it into Zayn’s shoulder. He wants to do a lot more than just imagine it.

 

A few hours later, Liam hops onto the kitchen counter, a dry rag in his hand as his father stands in front of the sink beside him, washing all of the dishes that hadn’t fit in the dish washer.

“So,” Geoff starts slowly, glancing at him with a grin on his lips. “Your mother told me there was going to be a surprise today, and I have been waiting with tissues at hand–“

“Dad,” Liam groans, grabbing a plate from him to dry it off.

“What?” Geoff says innocently, raising a brow at him. “The suspension is killing me.”

Liam snorts. Those tissues he mentioned are probably for himself, he thinks. His dad is worse than his mum sometimes. “I’m just like – nervous, you know?”

Geoff nods, humming in his throat. Everyone else had moved to the family room after dinner, with full bellies that made Safaa fall asleep curled up onto Ruth’s lap only a few minutes after she turned on some movie Doniya and her had been talking about wanting to see.

“It is a big thing, a big step. Of course you’re going to be nervous,” Geoff goes on. “When I proposed to your mother I was so nervous I kept missing her finger when I tried to put the ring on.”

Liam chuckles, sliding the plate into the dish strainer. He has heard the story of his father proposing about eight times, each time with just as many tears as the last time he heard it. “I just don’t know if like, you know, Zayn –“

Geoff stops, looking at him with a frown that cuts off his words. “If you are going to say that you don’t know if Zayn feels the same for you as you do for him than I am going to have to stop you there, son.”

“Feels the same way about marriage,” Liam clarifies, itching anxiously at his chin. Zayn has told him a handful of times just in the few days since they have been reunited that he is in love with him, like he knows Liam always needs to be reminded of it. But being in love and being ready for marriage are two separate things –

Geoff shrugs as if it is simple. “You are only going to find out if you ask, right?”

Liam goes quiet after that, his mind racing with his memorized speech and thoughts of forever with Zayn. He doesn’t know much of what his future holds, but he knows whatever happens, he will always have Zayn whether they are far apart or right beside each other, whether they are married or not. Zayn promised it years ago, right next to you -

That is why he chose to engrave those four words on the ring, because he wants to promise Zayn the same. When Zayn left the band, he had confessed his fears of Liam being more angry than supportive, that separation would hurt their relationship but he just needed to go –

And Liam had choked it down and promised him that it would only show how strong their relationship is. Sturdy, strong, fireproof -

Liam hops off of the counter when he finishes drying the last pot, his fingers anxiously working into his front pocket to wrap around the box waiting there. His heart pounds brutally against his chest, and he really doesn’t know what he is going to do when he steps into the living room. He doesn’t like not having a plan, but he never planned falling in love with anyone quite like Zayn either so maybe it fits.

Liam rests against the doorframe when he takes in the living room, and Zayn, who is curled up against the arm of the couch, head resting against the back of it and lips parted open as he sleeps soundly. Liam’s heart doesn’t drop this time, but warms because he looks peaceful and comfortable on his family’s couch.

 “Come sit, sunshine,” Tricia says, tapping a spot on the couch beside her as he shoves the ring deeper into his pocket. “Your mother says you have some exciting news.”

Liam gives his mother a look that says, “are you serious?” because he knew she wouldn’t be able to keep it to herself. She probably called Tricia the moment after he told her he was going to propose.

He settles on the cushion beside her, and she slides gentle fingers against his warm cheeks. She has never treated him any other way but like her own, and it has always made him feel warm. She is kind, gentle and caring just like his own mother and Liam can see so much of Zayn in her too. She is like all of his favorite people in one –

“You’re a good boy, Liam,” she says softly. “You take such good care of my sunshine.”

Liam grins, feeling his cheeks warm as he nuzzles into Tricia’s palm. “I kind of like him.”

Tricia nose wrinkles like Zayn’s