not hard to imagine at all.


Harry nodded, tonguing the corner of his mouth. He raised an eyebrow, waiting for Zayn to ask him about his major. After a few seconds of eye contact, he spoke up. “Not gonna ask me what I study?”

Zayn looked at him, a slight smirk tugging at his lips. “Law?”

He shook his head, leaning against the wall.

Zayn pursed his lips, his eyes looking over his as if that would help. Under those eyes, he felt naked. “Definitely not English.”

Harry raised an eyebrow once again, “And, why not?”

“I can just tell. I give up, what is your course.” He said, as if exasperated.

“Sports therapy.”

Zayn raised a thick eyebrow, tonguing the front of his teeth. “I bet you're really good with your hands.”

Harry smirked, “Oh, you have no idea.”

And, just like that. It started.

 

Two months later, he had Zayn pressed against his bed, shirtless and quivering. He mouthed at the older boy's collarbone, slamming his hips forward. Zayn moaned, his fingers twisted through Harry's hair and tugged him closer.

“Fuck, I love you,” he whimpered, pressing his mouth against Harry's shoulder as he continued to slam into him. He ignored the words, like he always did, focusing on fucking Zayn into the mattress. “I love you so much,” he breathed, brushing his lips against the veins in Harry's neck.


Fuck love, it doesn't exist.


Instead of saying it back, he angled his hips to slam repeatedly into Zayn's prostate, shutting him up about the subject of loving him. Zayn was being ridiculous, he'd realise soon that love is just a figment that people created to sell more cards, and cash in more money. The boy would soon see that it's all bullshit.

Harry fucked him harder, trying to fuck out the sense of love inside him. Abolish it from Zayn, save him from himself.

He did this every time Zayn would open his stupid fucking mouth and say something that would make Harry's chest hurt a little.

 

He stepped out of the bathroom, a girl in tow behind him. He wiped at his mouth, removing the girl's overwhelming orgasm form his lips. He looked up, beginning to walk down the stairs. Green eyes met amber, and he could see from the look on Zayn's face that he was hurt. He didn't know why, though. They'd agreed, and Harry had pushed that what they were was casual. They could both fuck whoever they wanted on the side. But, Harry had a suspicion that Zayn hadn't been with anyone else over the course of five months. He was always available when Harry called him at two in the morning, or when he stumbled to him drunk after a party; his dorm would be free of other people. It was probably because of all that love shit. Zayn still said it. In texts, on calls, when he left in the morning. Or, when Harry kicked him out. He still never said it back. Not once. He didn't love Zayn, so why lie?

 

Zayn turned up to practice one morning, a month later; large clothes hanging off his small frame. His eyes were red, and his hair was flat at one side. He clutched Harry's phone, walking straight onto the pitch, ignoring the Coach's curses for him to get off. He simply smiled, and Harry could tell that he'd just woken up. He must have found his phone, and came straight here. Fucking hell, he must have walked, too. Zayn couldn't drive, and he barely had enough money to catch a bus.

As the boy walked onto the pitch, he heard mutters from behind him before a couple of obnoxious wolf whistles sounded.

“Who's the fuck is tha'?” Niall's distinctive Irish voice questioned. Harry turned, looking at his team mate who's eyes were completely locked on Zayn. His jaw was clenched, but his tongue snaked out to wet his lips as the blue eyes looked over Zayn's thin frame.

“No one,” he answered back, his own jaw tight as he continued to stare at the blonde. He felt the stab of possession, and jealously twinge in his gut. He knew he had no right to say that, but he fucking did.

He strolled over to Zayn, locking his hand behind his neck and pulling him against him, their lips roughly connecting. He immediately pushed his tongue into the boy's mouth, receiving a soft sound of shock and pleasure as he rubbed his tongue along the back of the older boy's teeth. He pulled back after a few minutes, looking down at Zayn's flushed face, and the unmistakable curve to his lips.

“I-I brought your phone,” he said, handing him the contents in his hand.