separated by a counter only, the only bedroom down the hallway, past the small bathroom.

The door to his room is slightly open, so Liam just makes his way over, thrilled to see the other boy. “Zayn?” he asks, but Zayn probably does not hear him over the sound of his music playing through his speakers. Liam just walks into his room, a smile on his face, almost jumping with excitement. “Hey Zayn—” is all he manages to say before his jaw drops.

He certainly did not see this one coming.

He’s almost ashamed he didn’t knock before, maybe given Zayn a couple of seconds to compose himself…but then again Liam would be missing out on this sight, which puts him between a rock and a hard place.

Zayn’s lying in his bed, his trousers and pants pushed all the way down to his calves, his shirt strewn somewhere on the floor, and it takes Liam a second to gather his thoughts as he’s lost himself in the sight of Zayn’s skin, taut around his lean frame covered with tattoos, beads of sweat glistening across his chest and God, there are only a few things that would make Liam look away at this point.

Zayn’s eyes are shut, his lashes brushing over his skin, his lips shiny where his tongue has just licked at, soft moans escaping here and there, his mouth gaping as he strokes himself, his cheeks flushed pink with excitement. Liam wishes he could look away, but he’s only drawn more into it with the obscene sounds that are coming out of Zayn’s mouth, which are definitely doing things to him.

He’s too far gone when Zayn opens his eyes a couple of seconds after, struggling to grab something to cover himself with as he screams, “Liam?! What the fuck are you doing here? Oh my god,” his face flushing beyond embarrassment.

Liam actually takes a second to snap back to reality, already processing what he had just witnessed. “I’m so sorry Z, I should’ve knocked. I just haven’t been able to sleep and I figured I’d come here and hang out with you and maybe it’d help me sleep better and God I’m really so sorry for walking in on you,” he replies, almost speeding through the entire sentence.

He doesn’t pay much attention when Zayn raises an eyebrow at him, still silent, and he’s more embarrassed than he’s ever been before. “I should go,” he mutters, already turning around, a hand reaching for the door.

“Why would you if you were enjoying it so much?” Zayn asks and, when Liam turns around to look at him, his caramel eyes are darkened and a smirk is taking over his lips. “W-what?” Liam responds, trying to relax but dying for Zayn to go where he thinks he’s going. However, as of now, the only place Zayn is going is right in front of Liam, dropping the sheets he’d been covering himself with, leaning close to whisper into the taller boy’s ear.

“Is that a thing now, Li? Does it get you off to watch me get myself off?”

Liam tries to stutter an answer but it’s hard to even inhale when he can feel Zayn’s hot breath against his neck, the boy hovering in front of him, expecting a reply. He tries to say he needs to go, but he can’t even form a coherent sentence with the feeling of Zayn’s eyes staring at him, patiently waiting. When he’s finally about to say something, he forgets what coherent sentences sound like because he can feel Zayn’s hands palming at his dick through his jogging bottoms, his hips almost immediately bucking into the touch as he lets out a soft whimper.

“Let me help you with that, your non-sleeping thing,” is the last thing Zayn can get out before Liam’s lips come crashing against his. The kiss is hungry and Liam is kissing the shorter boy like he’s never going to be able to again. It’s almost painfully good, the way Zayn’s kissing him back, sucking at his lower lip while he pumps Liam’s cock and swallows his moans as soon as they escape his lips.

Mere seconds after, Zayn can feel his knees hit the back of his bed as he’s pushed onto it by Liam, who’s now looking at him like a blind man, staring at the sun for the first time.

Neither of them gets to say anything because their lips are connecting again shortly after, Zayn pressing chaste kisses to Liam’s plump bottom lip, his hands roaming under Liam’s shirt, feeling the muscles that spread across his chest and his abdominals and Zayn swears he’s never thought Liam was ever as beautiful as he was right now, moaning his name and asking for more as he got rid of the excess of clothes. “You’re so fucking fit, Li