water from the faucet at her and she shrieks, cursing at him. He tries to ignore the heat he can feel slowly creeping up his neck.

-

 

Everything falls into place when Liam walks into Malik’s Kitchen later that week and finally sees Zayn, who’s sitting at the front and bouncing a baby in his lap as he chats with a woman standing next to him.

He startles a bit when he sees Liam, but his look of surprise quickly morphs into a smile.

“Hey,” he greets, gently grasping one of the baby’s chubby wrists and using her little hand to wave at Liam.

Devastating.

The woman—Zayn’s good friend Caroline, he learns—smiles warmly at him, and they all chat for a bit while her daughter Brooklyn tries to climb all over Zayn, looking up at him with adoring eyes. Liam really empathizes with her.

Caroline bids them farewell after a while, and Brooklyn squawks when she’s extricated from Zayn’s arms.

“Take care, beb,” Zayn calls after them both.

“Aye, Chef!” she responds easily, saluting him on her way out of the door. Baby Brooklyn shrieks her own goodbye too.

It takes a moment for her words to register, and when Liam realizes his head jerks up in surprise.

“Chef?” Liam looks at Zayn, stunned.

 -

“You’re fucking kidding me.”

Louis sounds more delighted than anything, which scares Liam more than he should admit.

They’re closing up and setting the tables in preparation for the next morning. Liam tells him about Zayn—Chef Malik—how they met in the courtyard, about Caroline and Baby Brooklyn and Zayn’s sheepish explanation when Liam confronted him, how he was about to tell Liam before they got interrupted by Louis’ call the other day.

Louis interrupts his extended description of how Zayn single-handedly painted that one graffiti wall in the restaurant with an upraised hand.

“Can we talk about how desperately you want to shag his brains out?” he says, eyes glittering.

Liam sputters, knocking over a pile of menus.

-

It goes a bit like this:

Zayn visits Tommo’s on his day off, bringing along a guy named Harry who asks them if they serve kale salad and makes Niall choke with laughter on his sip of water. Louis looks appropriately scandalized and Liam tries his hardest not to study Harry and Zayn’s every move around each other.

They all go out and get shitfaced the next week, and it sort of devolves from there, really. It takes a few drinks to get Louis to admit to Zayn that he’s glad that he’s not a robot, that he already thinks he’s one of the coolest people he’s ever met. They grin dopily at each other for a few long seconds, nodding emphatically. Business rivals my ass, Liam thinks.

Louis signs him up for karaoke and Liam leads the crowd in a weepy rendition of “A Thousand Miles” (Harry’s choice) trying not to get too emotional when he thinks of the easy way Harry had thrown his arm around Zayn’s shoulders when they first met at the diner.

“That was fucking beautiful, Payno,” Niall tells him later, and Liam avoids Zayn’s questioning gaze. He throws himself into a conversation with Harry and a drunk girl at the bar—immediately regretting it once he realizes that Harry’s demonstrating his foolproof technique for pulling his hair in a bun.

(Despite everything, he really likes Harry, which makes him feel even more like a piece of shit for feeling the way he does.)

They all get kicked out when Niall starts a chant for more shots and Louis decides that it’s a good idea to climb on one of the tables to prove his point.

Somehow they all end up splayed on the floor of Zayn’s apartment, Niall and Harry falling down first after Harry stumbles and brings Niall with him. They tangle into each other, giggling, and none of them seem too inclined to extricate themselves.

Zayn sprawls over Liam, humming absentmindedly and rubbing a stubbly cheek against his chest.

“About fucking time,” Zayn whispers, sitting up slightly and winking as he gestures toward Niall and Harry.

If Liam breathes a bit easier after that, no one needs to know.

 

 


3. Chicken Pad Thai


 There are a lot of things that Zayn does that drive Liam crazy. He makes him wash all of the dishes every time he experiments with one of his recipes. When he’s not working he stains practically every clean surface with paint, doodles on Liam’s notes from class. He gets moody when he’s tired. He licks his lips too often. Liam can’t stand it.

 Granted, everything that drives him nuts is countered by all of the things he likes about Zayn—from the way he laughs at Liam’s jokes, to the way he teases his sisters and the way he looks when he’s cooking.

And he’s always cooking.

“Can you drain the noodles, babe?” Zayn asks over the roaring of