to Zayn once when he speaks, and he is walking away into the kitchen as he does so. “Don’t touch yourself.”

Zayn ignores the tremble in his fingers as he pulls off each layer of clothing. He can hear Liam padding around the apartment and it’s driving him crazy because Liam should be in here, watching him strip or something.

He rests back on the bed, frustrated because Liam didn’t tell him how he wanted him to lay. He puts his feet firmly on the bed, so his knees are bent before sighing and laying them flat, spread out so Liam can have a full view of him when he enters.

He rests his fingers on his lower stomach, itching to wrap around his hard length that is curved and leaking on his stomach.

It seems like forever before he can hear Liam’s footsteps get closer to the door. He’s sweating against the sheets as he thinks about what Liam is going to do if he ignores his command and wraps a hand around himself.

He doesn’t have time to find out because Liam is coming through the door, a plate in one hand and a sandwich in the other and he doesn’t even fucking look at Zayn. He huffs out impatiently as Liam sits on the edge of the bed and places the sandwich on the plate so he can take off his shoes.

Liam doesn’t acknowledge him in anyway as he finishes the sandwich and places the plate on their nightstand. He reaches over his head, grabbing the collar of his shirt and pulling it off in one swift motion and fuck, Liam is definitely doing this on purpose.

Zayn’s eyes graze the muscles of Liam’s back, watching as they expand and flex as Liam pulls off his socks. Zayn’s fingers scratch at the start of coarse hair at the bottom of his stomach because he needs to touch or be touched.

Liam stands, turning so Zayn can take in the planes of his chest and the curve of each muscle against his stomach. Liam still doesn’t look at him, head bent as he undoes the button and zipper of his jeans.

When Liam tugs them past his hips, Zayn moans loud and rough. He can see the hard outline of Liam’s cock pressed against the black material. The muscles in Liam’s stomach jump when he cups himself, thumb running against the tip of his cock.

“Lay back,” Liam says roughly. His sudden attention makes Zayn jump, scrambling to push himself farther on the bed so his head rests against the pillow and his body is flat against the mattress. “And come here.”

Zayn rotates his body, knowing what Liam wants, and scooting back until Liam grips his shoulder, tugging him father until his head falls back on the edge of the bed. His eyes land on the muscles of Liam’s thighs and his head swims slightly from everything flipping upside down.

Liam cups Zayn’s jaw, thumb pressing in between his lips. Zayn parts them easily, running his tongue over the rough pad of skin. He can’t see Liam’s face much from this angle and he’d have to move his head in order to, but Liam’s got a firm grip on him.

He knows Liam’s has wanted to try this angle since he discovered it in some porn video, but Zayn had been nervous to try it. In the video, the cock could be seen almost clearly against the other man’s throat, resembling the way a cock strains against the fabric of underwear and that’s hot as fuck, but a bit intimidating as well.

Zayn closes his lips around Liam’s thumb and groans. Liam pulls his thumb from Zayn’s mouth but taps it against his bottom lip so Zayn knows to let his mouth fall open and wait.

“My baby doesn’t like being ignored,” Liam cooes with a click of his tongue. It’s not sweet at all, and it makes Zayn tense in anticipation.

Liam circles his hand around the base of his cock and leads it slowly towards Zayn’s mouth. Zayn’s head rests nearly in between Liam’s tanned thighs now.

Zayn sticks his tongue out to lap at the tip of Liam’s cock. “Eager?” Liam asks. “Let me fuck your throat? Let the other guys hear it in your voice tomorrow?” He pushes his cock forward slightly and the awkward angle is new, but not bad. Zayn moans against him because yes, he wants that, likes when the boys know what they’ve gotten up to when alone.

Liam cups the underside of his chin to tilt his head more as he pushes his hips forward slowly. Zayn’s tongue rubs against the top of Liam’s cock until he can feel it completely around his throat.

“Fuck,” Liam hisses. Zayn’s never been able to fully take Liam and it feels so good. His eyes water and drip across the edge of his face. He huffs out through his nose as Liam stays there before sliding back out and pushing in with more momentum