to convince you that he is 5 foot 9) but he moved with a slight lankiness to his frame. Whenever Louis did a prank, Harry would just reprimand him, as if that had any effect on Louis. Liam sensed a slight favoritism because of that but he did not mind because sometimes, Harry would give him a bonus out of nowhere. Liam liked to think that it was compensation for having to deal with their lovey dovey moments at the shelter. “It’s nothing, Lou. Just watched Buffy leave the shelter forever,” Liam let out a heavy sigh and closed the door to the shelter before walking back to the reception desk. Louis rolled his eyes and trailed after him. “Liam, it’s just a dog,” he deadpanned, leaning against the desk. Liam sat down behind it and gave him a scowl. “I’ll have you know that animals have feelings,” he responded, slightly miffed. “They’re not just animals but then, you wouldn’t know because you’re hardly around them.”

Louis narrowed his eyes at that jab. “I’ll have you know that I do know that they have feelings. And excuse you, if I am hardly around them as you claim, why do you think I took a job at this shelter in the first place?”

“Because you fancy the boss,” Liam replied. He felt smug when he saw Louis blush.

“Please, I actually care about the animals,” Louis scrambled to get his dignity together. Liam gave him a knowing look and Louis let out an exasperated sigh. “I’m serious! Am I not compassionate?”

“‘Course you are, Lou,” Harry said, coming out of his office and giving him a kiss on the cheek. Louis crossed his arms and pouted like a petulant child.

“Liam thinks otherwise,” he told the taller boy. “I don’t get why you don’t just fire him.”

Harry let out a chuckle. “If I did fire him, then who would take care of the shelter with me?”

“Well, I could,” Louis responded. Liam and Harry shared a look and laughed. Louis frowned. “I’m being serious.” To that, the other two laughed even harder.

Before Louis could scold the duo, the door to the shelter was opened and a lad wearing a red sweater walked in. The laughing two sobered up immediately when they saw who it was.

“Hello, Liam,” the red-sweater guy greeted Liam in a tired tone.

“Hi, Zayn,” Liam greeted him back. “The usual, I guess?”

Zayn nodded and held up a small bag, “I brought some catnip if that’s alright with you. ”

Liam gave him a soft smile. “Go right ahead.” Zayn gave him a grateful look and walked through the door that lead to the feline section of the shelter.

“Oi, he didn’t even say hi to us! Who does he think he is?” Louis cried out, annoyed. “And the usual, Liam? What was that about? Sounded almost like you were a prostitute offering him your services.”

Harry rubbed Louis’ shoulders, trying to drain the anger out of him.

“That was Zayn,” Liam said and Louis scoffed a 'You said his name already so I know’. Liam ignored his rude tone. “He comes here a lot, just to pet the cats.”

“Did he ever adopt one?” Harry asked. Liam shook his head.

“Nope, he just pets them.”

Louis coughed into his fist, “Weirdo.”

Harry rolled his eyes fondly at Louis. “Why does Zayn always look sad?”

Liam shrugged, “ I don’t know but when he goes home after seeing the cats, he’s always happy.”

Louis coughed again, “Double weirdo.”

Harry left after that to finish up some paperwork and Louis followed him into his office which left Liam at the front desk alone. With nothing better to do, Liam went to look for Zayn.

The lad found Zayn in the middle of a circle of cats, all meowing and vying for his attention. The raven-haired lad was laughing and Liam could not think of a more beautiful sight.

Did he forget to mention that he had a tiny crush on Zayn?

Zayn’s eyes crinkled with happiness and his tongue was pushed behind the upper row of his teeth. His face radiated joy and Liam had to remind himself to breathe. Zayn’s hazel-coloured eyes flickered up and met his.

“Hi,” he said, shyly before stroking a cat that had been pushing its head at his hand. Liam knelt down next to him.

“Hi,” he said back. They spent the next few moments in silence, stroking the cats and feeding them catnip. Liam couldn’t help but sneak a few glances at the guy, fawning over how content he looks.

“My dad’s friend said that he enjoys Buffy’s company,” Zayn started talking out of the blue.

Liam’s eyes widened, “So you were the