something. I'm not really sure, I also heard he OD'd but I don't think that's true." Liam shakes his head and watches the buildings pass by. He wonders how that can be when he clearly saw Zayn earlier that day in class. Zayn had looked right at him, too. Harry pulls into Liam's driveway beside his mother's already parked car and waits a beat before asking, "You alright? I can hear you thinking about something." "I'm fine. Just a weird day is all." Liam gets out of the car, taking his bag with him. "I'll see you later." Harry shouts something that Liam doesn't really understand over the roar of his engine. He finds his mother at the stove of their small kitchen. Her hair is pulled back and she's singing along to an old Madonna song as she stirs a pot on the stove. Liam smiles fondly at the sight and turns to head upstairs to his room. It's small and represents Liam in every way. With the Batman and Lord of the Rings posters on his walls, along with a few other of his favorite series. He's really a big dork with all of his Marvel and DC comics lined up on the small shelf above his bed. He sighs as he sits at the edge of his bed and only startles a little when his mother comes in the door. "I didn't hear you come in." She smiles, eyes crinkling at the corners the same way Liam's does. "Don't see how you would, with the way you were singing." He shakes his head fondly. She sticks her tongue out at him. "How was school?" "Same old, same old." "Well dinner will be ready at 6 and if you need me I'll be downstairs." Karen shuts the door behind her and Liam can just barely hear her soft footsteps fading away. . “Mommy, where’s Zayn?” Zayn smiles down the table at his little sister, Safaa. His family was sitting at the table eating dinner, like they do every night, only Zayn’s seat was empty. It didn’t help that he was actually sitting in it and looking down at the noodles his mom had made only made him hungry, if that’s even possible in his state. Tricia looked at her husband with puffy eyes for help, Zayn wondered just what she would say to the two little girls staring at her with curious eyes. “Well, Zayn got into some trouble and he’s alright, but he won’t be home for a while.” The smaller girl nods briefly, Zayn knows it’s because she’s young and is probably more worried about which doll she’s going to sleep with tonight, but at least she cared, even it it was for a quick minute. His mom began asking his sisters about school, again, and Zayn cared, but not enough to stick around to hear his sister complain about how difficult her English class was. “Try being in high school,” he scoffed before attempting to walk through the wall. He’d seen plenty of ghosts do it in movies, and it looked pretty effortless to be honest. Apparently it isn’t because Zayn only ended up running into the wall face first with a thud. “What was that?” Zayn hears his father ask as he slips through the open window, not looking back. . “Did you hear about that Malik boy?” Liam’s mom asks casually when Liam’s mouth is full. His head snaps up at the mention of Zayn, but his mother doesn’t notice as she’s too busy scrolling through something on her phone. Liam makes a noise that sounds like ‘no’, but could really be anything, through his stuffed mouth and catches the balled up napkin his mom throws his way. “Anyways,” she huffs, “I was on the phone with Tammy earlier and she was telling me how she was driving down the street this morning and there was an ambulance parked in the middle of the street. Then she started complaining about how all the traffic made her late for work. I told her she needs start getting to work earlier, this is al--" "Mom," Liam groaned. If he didn't stop her then she'd never finish the story. "Right. Well, while she was waiting for the queue to pick back up, she'd  caught a glimpse of Trisha talking to some medics. Said the poor girl was bawling her eyes out." HIs mom stood to rinse her dishes in the sink, but left them aside for Liam to put away. "If you ask me, he had it coming. With the skipping school and tattoos. Just a shame he had to end up in the hospital." Liam stares down at the plate of food in front of him appetite suddenly lost. Karen doesn't seem to notice the slight change in Liam's mood when she kisses him on the forehead and slips upstairs,