Zayn bites his lower lip, his eyes asking for any denials.

  "We're watching a chick flick that stars Alex Pettyfer and Gabriella Wilde, which eighty percent of the female population wants to watch since it came out today," Harry smirks at his boyfriend, earning a playful pat on his back. "Alri', I'm up for it. We still have time before though..."

  "You're such a horny bastard!"

~*~

  The couple decided to have a late breakfast - full English with Zayn's own mix of using chicken breast ham in the omelette they substituted for eggs - with Zayn hand-feeding a giggling Harry. Currently snuggled into his boyfriend's arms, Harry sighed sleepily as he flipped through the telly channels. Everything on seemed to be... Valentine's themed.

  "That one's just absurd," Zayn mumbles, pressing his lips on top of Harry's curls. "The book was so much better than the movie."

  "You've read 'Beastly' by Alex Flinn?" Harry snorts and tries to hide it by a bout of fake coughs. "What do you do in your spare time, Mr Malik?"

  "I make love to you, Mr Styles," he replies rather cheekily. "Among many other things."

  "I'd take the offer but we kinda need to leave, babe. Let's see how ridiculously cliché 'Endless Love' is."

~*~

  After two hours of tear-jerking movie, the couple headed to The Ivy, like Zayn promised in the morning. Their securities - reduced to only a couple men since their fans learned to be more, per se, respectful of their personal safeties - checked the perimeter before letting them enter the building.

  Thank God for unusually quiet and uninhabited restau- Harry's mind stops mid-sentence when he realises that there's no one else in the diner.

  All the tables have been cleared away and in the centre of the lounge, there's a tablewith those long candles around it in a shape of a large around it. Zayn takes Harry's hand and leads him towards their table, not before stealing a quick kiss on the younger's cheek. Harry's reduced into tears of joy and surprise by the time they take their seats.

  They order three-course meals and apparently that's not all Zayn had in mind.

  When the dessert comes, couple of violinists (who Harry didn't notice at all) start to play some classic Bach (he guesses) and the server returns with their sundaes.

  Zayn chooses that precise moment to go down on his knee, taking out a blue velvet box out of his black leather jacket.

  "Harry Edward Styles, we've know each other for a bit more than three and half years and it's been my absolute honour to have spent those time adoring you as a little brother. Now you're my boyfriend, been for five months, and I can certainly say that I'm irrevocably in love with you. I was such an arse to not have courage to ask you out five months prior to this day. To be frank, I was jealous of your intimate friendship with Louis.

  "Now, I stand here as your boyfrined, your lover, who can't imagine his life without you. I wish to spend rest of my forever with you, until our last breath leaves our bodies.

  "Wil you marry me?" He opens the tiny box, revealing two simple platinum rings with five small diamonds embedded on them. Harry could make out the engraving "always & forever" on them.

  "I... I mean..." Tears overflow from the younger lad's emerald green eyes as Zayn waits nervously, biting on his lower lip. "A thousand times yes, Zayn! Oh my gosh, I don't even know what to say-" Not trusting his words, he nods and pulls Zayn up until their faces are level and kisses him sweetly, tears mixing with the taste of his boyfriend's - no, fiancé's - stale cigarette and citrus mouth.

 ~*~

  Harry's back connects to the wall as soon as the newly engaged couple return to Harry's flat, the lust practically tangible in the air. Zayn, being the gentleman he is outside of their bed, decides to merciful and kisses his fiancé's neck passionately, nibbling on the soft spot as he whispers filthy things against the pale skin.

  The couple reach their bedroom completely naked, the clothes flown into the air as they made their way, and Zayn traps his curly haired lover against the mattress, their groins tightly pressed against each other's. Slowly, Zayn thrusts his hips against Harry's, earning throaty moans from him.

  "Just fuck me, I'm hard for you, Zee," Harry whimpers when he feels a pair of plump lips connect to the juncture of his neck. "You're a fucking tease."

  "And a good one at that," comes his boyfriend's reply. The darker skinned lad rolls his hips into the paler, squirming lad's,