bathroom and some wet towels and goes about cleaning the cuts and wrapping the gauze around them gently. 

"I'm going now. Sleep well, Niall." Liam turns in the doorway and waves, smiling weakly. "I'm sorry, Niall. I'm really, really sorry."

"Goodnight, Liam," Niall says tiredly, and Liam leaves. 

Niall plays his guitar until his fingers bleed, and he adds more gauze to the amount wrapped around his palms. . . . . . . . . . . 

Liam enters the hotel room he's sharing with Zayn slowly, his mind racing. Should he have promised to cover for Niall? He knows that the lost look in Niall's eyes had talked him into it, but he is determined not to let it go if it happens again. 

"Hey, Liam," Louis waves from the bed where he's sitting with Zayn. "Is that blood on your shirt? What happened?"

"Niall dropped a bottle and cut his hands trying to clean it up. I've bandaged him up."

"I'll tell Paul he can't play tomorrow," Louis says, slipping off the bed and out the door. Liam shuts the door behind him and strips down to his boxers, settling into bed.

"Does he need stitches? Did you wash his hands? Shouldn't he go to the hospital?" Zayn rushes out, looking extremely worried for someone willing to lie to his best friends. Liam remembers what Niall said just in time, and he stays in the bed instead of hitting the other boy.

"He's fine."

"Alright, if you're sure. Maybe I should go check on him."

"Don't!" Liam yells before he can help it. Zayn sits back, startled. "I mean, he's asleep now."

"Okay." 

"Goodnight."

"Liam?"

"What?" Liam grinds out, trying to erase the picture of Niall bleeding from his mind. 

"I've told Louis and Haz and I haven't been able to tell Niall yet, but there's something I have to tell you about me and Perrie," Zayn starts. Liam shoots up in bed.

"Don't," he warns lowly. "Just...don't."

"But-"

"Shut up!" Liam yells, and Zayn has the audacity to look hurt.

"...Alright," he says quietly. Liam settles back down. 

Zayn asks him a few more questions, but he pretends to be asleep.. . . . . . . . . . 

Niall wakes up with another hangover, and his arms burn. The first he hates, the second he likes, which scares him. Liam's there in minutes, giving him some painkillers and water, and Niall tries not to burst into tears again. 

Liam sits by him on the bed as he drinks, running his fingers through Niall's messy hair. When Niall finishes, he pulls him back and hugs him wordlessly. Niall doesn't cry then either, but he hugs him back just as tightly. 

Liam calls Paul and says that Niall's tired, and Paul tells him to let Niall rest until they need to head to the venue. They order room service, but Niall only eats a little under Liam's anxious gaze. He knows he'll have to face it, knows he'll have to talk to Zayn like they used to, but right now he just needs silence and Liam's quiet company. Liam seems to understand that, and he doesn't push it. 

When they get ready for the show, Niall keeps himself busy with makeup and dressing, and Zayn's attempts to talk to him all fail. He's not blind, he saw himself in the mirror and knows he looks like a wreck. 

Lou fusses over him and gives him knowing looks, but all she does is hug him tightly and tell him she's sorry. He cries a little at her understanding, and she doesn't say a word when she has to fix his makeup. 

During the show, he sits with Liam on the steps and wanders around the stage with Liam's arm on his shoulders. He smiles like he's supposed to and wonders if Liam will let him have any alcohol tonight. 

The chances of that are about zero. . . . . . . . . . . 

Niall's asked to be alone, and Liam leaves. He's worrying himself into a panic when he shuts the door behind him and comes face to face with Zayn's equally panicked-looking face.

"What's wrong with Niall?" he asks. 

Liam loses his shit. 

"What's wrong with Niall? Well I'll tell you, because he damn well won't since he doesn't 'want you hurt'!"

"What are you talking about?" Zayn demands fiercely. Liam gets right in his face, shaking with barely suppressed anger. 

"I'm talking about you lying to him! I'm talking about him being