’d better, cunt.”

-

Niall wakes up with the loudest yawn he could muster.

(Yeah, he’s often told he sounds like a cute little koala bear cub.)

“No,” Harry mumbles in his sleep, sounding troubled. “Mother, I will not wear that hideous all-black plaid shirt!”

Typical, Niall giggles in his thoughts. Plaid nightmares… should I said plaided?

“NO!”

“Nice dream,” Niall snorts. “Panic! At the Plaid Shop!”

“Hush,” Niall dodges the pillow flying in his way. “So why are we in a double suite again?”

“Zayn was lucky enough that all it took was a dinner for two with that horridly pasty chick,” Niall rolls his eyes. “Louis was livid though. He told me about the hot I’m sorry sex they had.”

“Do the two of you have a bottoms’ pack or,” Harry laughs when Niall lunges at him with the best position he can muster. “I’m hilarious!”

“Haha, my bones are shaking,” Niall pins his thighs on either side of Harry’s lean waist. “Really, need I remind you that the first time we had sex you spilt half the lube on the sheets?”

“We don’t talk about that,” Harry whines, sounding gravelly and deathly sexy. “Besides, you wouldn’t shut up about how—”

“Remind me to get better friends,” comes a booming voice, a voice Niall and Harry both giggle at.

“Forgot about the Skype call, sorry,” Harry laughs at the flustered looking Louis. “When did I even accept the call?”

“You didn’t, the laptop didn’t hang up last evening,” Louis retorts. “Oh, things are fine between me and Zayn, thanks for asking.”

“We didn’t ask, you dolt,” Harry replies fondly. “By the way, did you see Jamie Dornan’s ass?”

“Haha, as gay as I can be, I don’t go on—okay, maybe,” Louis flushes crimson red. “Not on screen, those yummy adverts.”

“I hear you!” The furious possessive boyfriend’s voice booms from what must be the shower stall. “NEVER FORGET ME.”

“Yeah, yeah, parfaite catastrophe,” Louis says the words in that French accent of his. From the first day on, that never had any effects on him, unlike 95% of the school they went to.

“Cute nicknames,” Niall points out. “French, and hard to understand, but still cute.”

“Us Belgians are super romantic!” Louis huffs. “We’re the French-y neighbours of the Netherlands, of course we’re better than those people.”

“Hardy har,” Harry rolls his eyes. “And Niall, don’t.”

“Harry seems to be affected by an illness that makes him roll his eyes all the time,” Niall remarks. “But hey, Labour Day no school!”

“Zayn says he’s taking me out to a park,” Louis shrugs. “Perks of going to a local university by the name of SFU and UBC—no long distance shite.”

“How bloody awesome,” Niall grumbles in that perfect Irish accent he can imitate. “So when’s the Reading Break?”

“February 9th-February 13th,” Louis shrugs as a naked Zayn strolls in with a towel hung low. “Say hi, Zayn!’

“Fuck off,” Zayn says in his usual tone. “I was supposed to ‘shag’ him after the shower but noooooo, you fuckers wanted to call.”

“Can I see my gorgeous best friends?” Niall pouts in the way he does with Harry when he says no to desserts after dining out.

“Yes,” Zayn rolls his eyes. “And before you ask, Harold, we aren’t having an orgy.”

“Well fuck you too, Malik.”

-


December 


“A word with you, Niall?”

This is the fourth time Niall was caught doing… explicit things with Harry via text messages and Professor Breslin, the Music Theory/History head, isn’t the best to please.

“I’ve been in your position once,” the professor’s lilting tone doesn’t soothe Niall at all. “When I was your age, of course.”

“I’m twenty,” Niall flushes. “Well, soon-to-be but still counts.”

“My point is,” his hazel amber eyes flash something that shouldn’t be there—compassion? “You have to end it with him, not the relationship kind, but the whole deeply in love with him shit. I get that concept of love is easy to fall for, but you can’t be in this university and still try to keep up with the love fest.”

“You’re full of shit,” Niall grits at the much larger professor. “Just because you’re the head of the Music Department—”

“Niall, don’t play stupid,” the Canadian accent is replaced with much familiar Irish one. “Don’t say