accent thicker and rolling off his tongue slowly. "So what do you say, Leeyum? How do you want me? My way or yours?"

Liam gasps, arousal dancing down his spine. "Both," he manages, biting around a nervous smile when Zayn snorts.

Zayn shakes his head fondly, pushing off of the bed. For a moment Liam worries he did something wrong, until Zayn's hands work at the button of his jeans -

His teeth twist at his bottom lip, eyes dark when they rake down Liam's body, lingering between his legs where his cock strains against the material of his briefs. Liam parts his legs some, an invitation for Zayn to come back.

Zayn grins, a bit cocky but always beautiful as he steps out of his jeans. He cups himself, demanding Liam's attention between his legs too, fingers splayed over the thick of his cock, thumb dragging over the damp material -

Liam groans, sitting up and reaching out to curl an arm around Zayn's waist. He tugs him forward without warning, savoring the gasp Zayn lets out when Liam wrestles him so his back is against the sheets instead of Liam's.

"Compromise?" Liam says, parting Zayn's legs with his own.

Zayn's eyes flick down to his lips, where his thumb tugs down the lower. "Gonna beg for it?"

Warmth spreads across his cheeks as he nods without hesitating. Zayn gives him an overwhelmed look like he can feel the tightness in Liam's chest in his own before he is pushing forward to crush their lips together, fingers sliding to grip at the short hairs at the back of his head.

They rock against each other, Liam’s fingers expanding across Zayn’s ribcage and Zayn’s tickling through his curls, like he is obsessed with the feel of it.

And Liam is obsessed with the moans Zayn spills out against his tongue whenever their hips roll together right, making their cocks drag against each other through the material of their briefs. The tiny slips of composure through shaky, breathless Liam’s that sound like maybe he could beg for it too.

Their briefs tangle around their ankles, their sweat soaking into the crisp hotel sheets as they roll against them, wrestling each other for a position. Liam is putty in Zayn’s hands, moving easily whenever Zayn rolls on top of him, curling his thick arms around Zayn’s thick back to hold him there or wrestle him back whenever he hears those overwhelmed sounds in his throat that tells him Zayn wants him a little rough. Zayn is in charge, even when Liam takes over -

“Fuck,” Zayn gasps out as Liam pins him to his back a second time, fingers circling around his wrists to trap his hands to the mattress. His eyes are dark with arousal, lips parting out in a moan as Liam rocks his hips back down against Zayn’s.

“Jus’ gonna rub y’dick on me to nut off or -”

Liam rolls his eyes, grinning some as he surges forward to nip at Zayn’s bottom lip. He grinds down again, unable to stop himself when Zayn’s fingers trace over the round of his bum.

“I reckon I could, but you’ve kind of hooked me on the idea of nuttin’ off inside you, babe.”

Zayn inhales sharply, eyes widening in a way Liam won’t point out and be smug about but he kind of (really) wants to. “Then get to it, bad man.”

Liam cusses at himself quietly for the eager way he pushes off the bed, stumbling across the carpet because he forgot his briefs were hooked around his ankles. He can feel Zayn’s eyes on the bare of his back as he fumbles into their suitcase, knowing their is an amused grin on his lips that is only ever filled with love and never meant to be cruel.

“Got it,” Liam exclaims, turning to show Zayn the half empty bottle of lube. He had used most of it this morning trying to tease Zayn, but really he had just worked himself up because he was finally getting to see Zayn -

Zayn snorts, spreading his legs and planting his feet flat on the bed. The material of his briefs stretch from ankle to ankle, but Liam looks past it to the dark flush of his balls, the coarse hair at the base of his cock and the way he arches his hips forward. He is a bastard the way he cups his own arse, spreading himself some.

Liam grips at his bottom lip with his teeth, coming closer to the edge of the bed. Zayn’s casual, an arm propped behind his head and a grin on his lips, but his cock is an angry red color, twitching out streaks of precome against his navel and Liam knows he feels anything other than casual -

He whines, slipping fingers across his abdomen as he tries to remove his eyes from the thick of Zayn’s cock and forget about the desperate way he wants to feel Zayn easing into him, because he is just as desperate to feel Zayn stretch around him, always so