But then you have someone like Harry who comes into my life and shows me what love is. He made me feel it before I could say it, before I realised that that was love. It was only when Harry came into my life and showed me the big picture of the corner piece that I had only had a glimpse of."







"So what are you going to do with that?" Louis pointed at the tattoo on his bicep.







"Try and make it work, I guess."







Zayn's tattoos hold a lot of meaning to him. He was never like Harry and Louis; not that he couldn't appreciate the spontaneous tat; a silly little drawings or words for the hell of it just weren't his thing. It always had to have meaning to him, no matter how big or small.







He would spend countless hours thinking about what he wanted where. What related to him, his persona, what he liked, who he liked, and things and people that had made a great impact on his life. His body was his journal which showed his journey; his ups and downs for the world to see.







He had only covered up a few tattoos. One was that Chinese symbol for 'lucky' because Zayn said he felt more blessed than lucky... and the other... well.. you can try your utmost to make something work but at the end of the day, you have to come to terms with the fact that you just can't force a square peg into a round hole.









Entry 20


People say that 'maybe you've just lost that spark'. I don't think that we lost it. We know where it is, we can see it and we can actually make a new one - a new 'spark' if we wanted to. I don't know why we choose not to. Maybe we're lazy. Maybe we're scared. Maybe our spark has shown us all that could have been seen (done it's job and now it's burnt out) in the short space of time that we've been doing this.

Maybe I'm just being really fucking overzealous and overthinking the things that people say.




Entry 27



11/08/2016






You know, one day when it all seemed too much to handle – for any of us – Zayn walked into the hotel room and just sat next to me in silence for what must have been minutes but felt like hours on end.

It was at a time when the band got really big and we had managed to make a name for ourselves on the states. But of course as they say 'with fame comes misfortune' and it all started to eat away at us... and Zayn and I were the ones who always showed it the most. I guess it was just another thing that we bonded over and one of the things that brought us closer together.

He looked at me, and I still remember that I was trying to watch some movie but I just couldn't concentrate on it, anyway, Zayn turned to me and asked if I ever felt like just getting away from it all sometimes. And I turned to him and nodded.


"Harry?"







"Mm?"







"Do you ever think about leaving the city? Like, going away on holiday for a really long time – but to a place where no one knows you and you know no one?"







"Kind of like escape to your own little island?"







"Yea. An island. Just to be completely by yourself."







"Yea. Lots of times. Not alone though, I'd take you with me." Harry said earnestly and looked at Zayn.







"Me? Why me?" Zayn ask with slight bewilderment.







"You're good company. You're nice, funny... You just basically get me – and you're also always there for me. So, I'd like your company. I'm happy when I'm with you."






 

I miss those talks with him.

There's so many things that Zayn and I will take to our graves. So many things that I can't imagine speaking about with other people, that I spoke about with him. He always knew what to say, he always stayed true to being my best friend.

 


It's their night off in the summer of 2013. Harry and Zayn had decided to stay in for the night while Louis, Liam and, Niall (who were used to this) decided to go out. Zayn suggested that they sneak to the pool so that they could dip their feet in and gaze at the stars. He wanted a relaxed night, free of girls and alcohol and everything that they had become accustomed to.







It was only when he peered around the corner that he saw that other people had the same idea as him and had beaten him and Harry to it.







His eyes naturally gravitated to the two girls that were pissed out of their mind, pouring sloppy vodka shot after shot that was mixed with a hideous looking orange juice – hideous because the brown skinned girl 'lightweight' who's now