"Call me Zayn."

-

“My friend should be here soon… he transferred with me,” Zayn explains to me and Niall. We haven’t any class right now so we’re just chatting. “I think he’s at the admission or some shite.”

“Nope, I’m here,” a new voices sounds. “Looks like you already made friends.”

The newcomer has short cropped brown hair with brown eyes that make me think about puppies. Even with a day’s worth of facial growth, he looks like a bloody puppy.

“I’m Harry!” I introduce myself. “The Irish blond over there is Niall.”

“This is the first time you called me that,” Niall doesn’t look all that offended. “But yeah, me name’s Niall.”

“I’m Liam,” Liam stares at Niall. “Are you 16 by any chance?”

“Nope, turning 16 on September,” Niall replies. “Why?”

“Just wondering…”

“I’ve Biology at 2,” Zayn decides to change the subject. Huh. And why does it feel like I’ve heard Zayn’s voice before? “Any of you got more class?”

“That’s my class too,” Harry sighs. “Not really fond of it.”

“You can walk me there then. I haven’t a clue where the classrooms are located.”

-

“You realised it too, right?” Zayn asks me as we walk towards the building our biology class is at. “Don’t play dumb.”

“Realise what?” I furrow my brows together. “Ever since you got here, my Whisper–”

It clicks to me then.

“You’re my soulmate?” I nearly scream that out. “Holy shit.”

“You know the Whisper stops when you find your soulmate, Harry,” Zayn grins, looking straight into my eyes. “We’re soulmates, can’t you feel it?”

And I can. I can feel the spiritual cord connecting us together, connecting our souls together. It’s like I can’t stay away from Zayn since he’s my soulmate. He’s still staring at me so I take the next step and crash my lips to his, cupping his face at the same time. He lets out a surprised grunt, like he didn’t expect me to kiss him. He places his hand on the side of my neck, kissing me back. His body presses my body up against a wall, but I don’t mind it at all. I was never a dominant one to start with. He nips at my lower lip and I part my lips, granting him access. His tongue is hesitant, brushing against mine couple times so I just spike mine against his, letting him know it’s okay. He kisses me harder, his hips grinding into mine. I pull away from the kiss, but keep our bodies closely pressed together.

“Well, I think one of us has to ask the question,” Zayn grins at me again. “Will you be my boyfriend?”

“Of course, you idiot,” I reply. “You’re my bloody soulmate, I don’t care we’ve just met. I was made for you and you were made for me.”

-

“Harryyyyyy,” Niall pokes at me again. “Harryyyyyyyy.”

“What?” I growl at him, trying to finish my Physics homework. “I’m a little bit busy here!”

“You know how you have to be 16 to have your Whispers, right?”

“What about it?” I squint at the formulae I don’t really get.

“I think Liam’s been hearing mine,” Niall says quietly. “He’s never said it, but I can tell.”

“Just ask him, you idiot,” I narrow my eyes even more as I try to make sense of the formulae. “Are you taking Physics?”

“Not since secondary school, you idiot,” Niall tells me helpfully. And nicely, I might add. “It’s a pain in the arse.”

“Fuck you.”

-

It’s been a month since I found my soulmate — aka Zayn — and I think I’m ready for the next part.

I haven’t been with anyone before, since I didn’t like the idea of having one offs with strangers who haven’t found their soulmates. I just kept to my hand, which was really lonely.

Currently, no one else is in our room so that’s nice. We’re just cuddling in his bed.

“What are you thinking about?” Zayn presses his lips to the top of my head. “Tell me.”

“I think we’ve waited long enough for sex,” I shrug, snuggling into his arms. “It’s been a month.”

“Are you sure?” Zayn trek kisses from my forehead to my lips. “We don’t have to if you’re–”

“I wouldn’t be suggesting it if I wasn’t,” I huff