ve already guessed, Liam runs as a wolf. They lose themselves to the beasts, unable to communicate with or comprehend each other. For a split second at sunrise and sunset, they can almost touch, can nearly speak. But it’s only an added torture.”

Harry shook his head, his eyes red. “You’ve… stumbled onto a tragic story. And now, you’re lost in it with the rest of us.”

Niall felt his breath catch in his chest as Harry spoke, his skin going cold with horror. Harry’s words made his memories of the wolf and the hawk worse, as he now saw the beasts through the eyes of their victims and prisoners.

“But they can control each other as animals,” Louis countered, his voice unsteady but insistent. “We’ve seen it. If they truly become beasts, how do they know to obey the other’s human form?”

“And Liam was asking the hawk why he did it,” Niall said, the memory coming to him unexpectedly. “When it was injured. As if the hawk had done something human when it got shot.”

Harry shook his head, his face melting into perplexity. His voice was slow with uncertainty, but became more compelled as he spoke. “I don’t know. I suppose it’s possible that with time, they’ve become more capable of influencing the thoughts and actions of the animals. I should–”

“What happened to you?” Louis asked. Harry had been in the process of moving to stand, facing the entrance to the monastery, but at Louis’ words, he froze. “After the curse.”

After a long moment, Harry sighed, sinking back down to his seat. “I was excommunicated. The Bishop would have had me executed, but Liam and I managed to escape the city with the hawk.”

“Why don’t you travel with them?” Niall asked.

Harry’s face flushed with shame, and he didn’t seem capable of meeting their eyes as he spoke. Instead, he looked down at the stone below their feet, speaking slowly.

“It… it was my fault that they were caught,” he murmured, his confession only audible because of the otherwise silent night. “If I had only helped them escape the city earlier, conducted their elopement before the Bishop could catch wind of it, none of this would have happened. I couldn’t burden them with my presence when they already suffer for my folly.”

To Niall’s surprise, Louis spoke before he himself could think of a reply.

“Don’t be daft,” Louis said sharply. Harry was surprised into looking up, his mouth hanging open the slightest bit. “How could you have known what would happen?”

Harry frowned. “I should have known. I had worked under the Bishop for years, I should have seen his obsession and realized that he–”

“It wasn’t your fault,” Niall added. He didn’t know why he and Louis felt compelled to argue this point, but it felt important, suddenly, that the beautiful, grieved man before them not blame himself.

Harry shook his head, avoiding eye contact with either one of them now.

“It doesn’t matter,” he said, his voice now rough with conviction. “What matters is that I have to be the one to fix it.”

Somewhere in the distance, a wolf howled.

 

 

When Louis woke, it was to the sound of shouting across the hallway. Harry had given them a room nearby his own chamber, the one in which Zayn had been resting, but it was clear that Zayn was now very much awake.

“Tell me where he is!” Zayn yelled, his voice echoing off of the stone walls.

“I don’t know!” Harry snapped in reply, his voice straining. “Lie  still!”

Louis rolled off of the cot, saw that Niall was gone from their chamber, and made his way toward the light of the opposite room. When he walked in, he was greeted by the sight of Harry attempting to pin Zayn to the bed. Nearby, Niall looked on, sparing Louis only a brief glance and helpless shrug.

“You’re only going to make your injury worse,” Harry said, but Zayn persisted in struggling against him.

“You said he was fine, Harry,” Zayn said, his voice low and harsh with pain. Harry grunted when he took a knee to his stomach. “You lied to me!”

“No, I didn’t,” Harry insisted. He was panting with effort, and finally pulled away in surrender from where he had been hovering over Zayn. “He’s a  wolf. He’ll be in far more danger going on some insane quest to kill the Bishop than he will be wandering the woods tonight.”

Louis winced and exchanged a guilty look with Niall. When Harry had told them of his own intention to find a way to break the curse, they had told him of Liam’s plan to sneak into Aquila and kill the Bishop. Harry had…