a few weeks later, when Liana interrupts Harry mid-melodramatic tweet by hopping up on top of his laptop and chest. Harry meets her eyes head on and raises one eyebrow. “Yes?”

His daemon twitches her nose at him. “You’re embarrassing,” she tells him, point-blank.

Harry wonders if it would be worth it to reach around her and shut the laptop. They as good as share a brain, though, so probably not.

Liana shoots him an unimpressed look. “Bruno Mars, really?” she says. “Really?”

Harry flushes a little. “What’s wrong with it?” he says. “It’s a good song.”

Liana rolls her eyes. “It’s right sappy, Harold,” she says, and, well. Even Harry’s daemon is adopting Louis’ speech patterns; it’s safe to say that he’s also probably right fucked.

“You of all people should know that’s not my name,” Harry tells her, because it’s safer to do so.

Liana snorts. “Focus on that, would you,” she says. “This is an intervention.”

Harry blinks. “What do you mean?”

Liana looks pointedly at Harry’s laptop.

“What?’

“Bruno. Mars,” Liana repeats.

Harry blinks.

“Oh, for God’s sake,” Liana mutters, but she clambers off of him and curls up in an angry ball. “I’m going to sleep, wake me when you feel like being reasonable.”

--

Harry wonders if it counts as being reasonable to continue tweeting sappy songs. It’s nearing supper time and Harry is lying in his bed with the light off tweeting song lyrics.

He goes to nudge Liana.

“Unless you’ve had a change of heart and have decided to see reason, I’m not talking to you,” says his daemon.

Harry snorts. “Mature of you,” he says.

Liana cackles. “You’re one to talk,” she retorts.

Harry doesn’t see fit to deem that worthy of a response, and if he types the lyrics to The Script’s The First Time a little harder and more vindictively than his laptop keyboard probably deserves, no one’s around to see him.

--

Harry’s just finished hitting the send button for a third time, when Liana gives up on waiting him out and slams his laptop shut.

“Aeliana!” Harry shrieks, more than a little startled and concerned for the state of his laptop.

His daemon ignores his use of her given name in favor of walking up his chest so that she can glare into his eyes.

“Harry Edward Styles,” she says. “It has been three days. This needs to stop. You have two options.”

Harry swallows but quirks his head at her to continue.

“One,” she says, “You can call Louis.”

Harry opens his mouth to protest.

“Or, two,” Liana continues, unperturbed. “You can text Niall.”

Harry’s mouth swings open again. “Wait, why Niall?” he says, which wasn’t what he wanted to say in the first place, but you know. Liana’s his daemon. She’s not going to judge him.

Not too much, at least.

“I thought maybe Liam,” Liana is saying, “but he might actually try to give us actual advice, and you’re more likely to balk at that than anything else--”

“Hey,” Harry tries to protest.

Liana ignores him, but she also gets off of Harry’s chest and leaps onto the floor, so he’s not complaining. “Also, Zayn’s probably sleeping--”

“It’s the middle of the afternoon?”

“And obviously Louis is out,” Liana’s voice comes, from somewhere over by Harry’s desk. “So as you can see there’s really no one else but Niall.” She finishes whatever it is she’s doing and makes a pleased noise in the back of her throat. “So unless you’ve been tweeting love songs as some sort of bizarre personal training and are now feeling up to confessing--”

“Ha, yes, let me just call the object of my affections up right now and tell him I’m deeply in love with him,” Harry scoffs, interrupting. “What would I even say--‘Hey, Lou, so, I’m sort of in love with you?’--That’ll go down like a sack of shit.”

There’s a beat.

“Hang on, what?” comes Niall’s voice, from Harry’s mobile, which Liana has somehow managed to grab and dial with her paws. “Say that again?”

Harry gapes. “How,” he says, not sure if he should be appalled, or amazed that Liana has somehow mastered the art of the mobile phone.

“Don’t look at me,” she says.

“Harry?” says Niall. “Um.”

“Niall, hi!” Harry manages finally. “How are you?”