.

“Zayn’s always drawing. He’s really good.” Niall commented.

“I’m decent.”

“Zayn, don’t do that to yourself. You’re really good.” Niall turned to his dad, “He’s amazing.” 

“How long have you two been living together?” Greg asked.

“Um,” Zayn looked to Niall, “Three, four months now.”

Niall nodded and said, “That sounds about right.”

“Are you getting married anytime soon?” Greg wondered.

“Gregory!” Bobby exclaimed, “You don’t ask questions like that.”

He looked at his youngest son and boyfriend, “There’s no rush on that, boys.”

“Daddy, I’m finished eating. Can I take a bath?” Danny asked. 

Niall was in mid-sip of his beer. He sat it down on the table. 

“Sure.” He made a move to get up, but Zayn stopped him.

“I’ll give him one, babes.” He stood ands kissed Niall’s temple. 

“Let’s go buddy!” He scooped Danny up in his arms.

“Are you really going to give me a bath, Papa?” Danny asked.

“Yepp!”

“Yay!” 

They disappeared up the stairs. 

Niall turned back to his father and brother. They were giving him huge smiles. Niall wondered for a moment how their faces aren’t splitting in half. 

“What?”

Greg stood up with his plate in his hands.

“Oh nothing, ‘babes’!” He gave Niall a sloppy wet kiss on the temple, imitating Zayn. 

Niall made a look of disgust and wiped the saliva from his head with a napkin. 

In the kitchen Bobby began wrapping up the leftovers while Niall washed the dishes and Greg dried them.

“So, I couldn’t help but notice that Danny calls Zayn ‘Papa’.” Bobby stated. 

“Yeah, he just recently started doing that. Zayn says he loves it.”

“What happens if one day you two aren’t together? It’s going to confuse Danny.”

“Zayn and me are going to stay together until we are old and wrinkly.”

“How do you know that?”

It’s not that Bobby wasn’t happy for his son, but he just worried. 

“Because we love each other.” Was all Niall said. 

Bobby looked unsure, but nodded. 

“I just worry about you. Ever since the whole Jack thing, a part of me wished you would find someone who treats you right, but then another part of me wished you just move back home and live with me forever.”

Niall smiled at his father. 

“I’m really happy, we're happy. Zayn wouldn’t ever hurt Danny or me. He loves us.”

Bobby smiled and kissed his son’s head.

“I’m glad you found someone Niall.”

Greg nodded in agreement. 

Later that night when Danny was fast asleep in the guest room and Greg had gone home to Denise, Zayn and Niall laid in bed. Niall faced the wall while Zayn spooned against him.

“I like your family,” Zayn stated.

“Good to know.” Niall mumbled, half asleep.

“I’m going to get a drink of water. Be right back.” He kissed Niall’s cheek before slipping out of bed and quietly walking downstairs. 

As soon as he walked into the dark kitchen the lights flicked on. He jumped, his heart racing. 

“Zayn,” Bobby said, “Come have a seat with me.”

He gestured to the chair next to him. 

“Uh, okay.” Zayn did as he was told and took the seat next to his boyfriend’s father. 

Bobby had a cold bottle of beer in his hand.

“Want a beer?”

Zayn shook his head.

“No thank you.”

Bobby nodded, thinking about what he was going to say next.

“So, Zayn, I want to ask you some questions.”

“Okay.”

Zayn wondered why his heart was hammering in his chest. The room suddenly felt so much warmer. 

“How long do you plan on staying with Niall and Danny?”

How could he ask Zayn a question like that?!

“Forever. I know that sounds like a fairytale word, but it’s true. I’ll always love Niall and Danny, even when I’m old and gray. I have loved Niall ever since he bumped into me on the street, making me spill my coffee all over me. I love everything about him. And Danny, ever since Niall arranged for us to meet up in the park one day, so we could meet, I’ve loved him too. I know Danny isn’t my son by blood, but he is my son. I don’t care what anyone says. He’s mine. Niall and Danny are my top priorities. They are always on my mind.”

Bobby wasn’t expecting such a beautiful speech. He hung onto every word.

“Niall went through something really tragic and I never pressured him into anything. Niall is