actually became really attached to Niall and the others seemed to take notice. Niall never really minded he liked having Zayn around asking him questions, making him laugh and just being his friend. He was fun to be around and he knew the other boy’s were a little pissed because Zayn shouldn’t have been on the team, but Niall was being selfish.

There was no way he was cutting him or kicking him off. He did improve a little bit and maybe he didn’t contribute to the team as much as everyone else wanted, but Niall thought he was doing a good job and he made sure to tell him after every game how well he did.

It was Louis who had finally said something, and it kind of pissed him off when Louis, Harry and Liam cornered him to tell him off.

“You need to stop crushing on Zayn and get him off our team.” Louis said, and Niall scowled at him instantly. He knew Louis was pissed off because he played right beside Zayn on defense, and he really had to step it up like four notches because he was practically defending all by himself with Zayn out there with him.

“Zayn’s not going off the team, and this discussion ends here.” Niall demanded firmly, but Liam then grabbed his arm and looked at him with a sad pout on his face. Niall wanted to roll his eyes but he didn’t because Liam was a good guy and never did anything wrong to anyone. He knew he was just going to be stating a fact, but Niall really didn’t want to listen.

“Niall we need another defenseman on the team, and right now Zayn is not sufficing.” He informed him and Harry was nodding his head in agreement. Niall then let out a short breath and looked his teammates right in the eyes.

“Zayn is getting better. He’s not exactly the best, but if you just believe in him and maybe help him out once in a while he would do what you want him to do. Give him advice, teach him some things, yeah? Be good team players instead of complaining about him.” Niall told them calmly and that had seemed to shut them up.

He knew Zayn knew he wasn’t good. He told him all the time how he was shocked he was even on the team, and Niall told him every time it was because he really believed in him, and it was true. He really did think if Zayn could work hard and pull through he could be the player he really wanted to be. He wasn’t just on the team because Niall liked him. It was true though. Niall did come to like him a great deal.

They were sitting together in the middle of the field with the lights on since it was dark outside and Niall was once again telling the boy how good he was getting at his blocking.

Zayn had smiled at him, and Niall had to bite his lip a bit and suck in a deep breath at the sight of how perfect and attractive Zayn looked.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

It was after their first game they won where Zayn accidentally kissed Niall.

It was surprising when it happened and it was when all the boys had finally left the locker room, congratulating Zayn on a good game, leaving the two to themselves.

Zayn had a strong blush on his face and Niall saw the way he was struggling to find words. He hadn’t actually meant to run at the boy and hug him with all the force in the world. He hadn’t meant to look right in his pretty crystal blue eyes. He also really hadn’t meant for his lips to collide with his but it was too late now and they were staring at each other with blushes on their cheeks.

“I-I’m sorry I-”

“You did amazing tonight.” Niall told him, cutting him off instantly. Zayn’s cheeks burned even more, but there was a smile that broke through on his face now.

It was only seconds later when Zayn had smashed their lips together and Niall was resting his arms around Zayn’s neck and the other had his arms wrapped around Niall’s waist.

Their lips moved together against one another trying to keep up. It was messy and wet but Niall didn’t even care because this was what he wanted from day one he wanted Zayn just like this, against him, and he gasped as he felt Zayn buck his hips up into his own.

Zayn then broke away breathing in a deep breath before kissing his way down Niall’s jaw and to his neck marking up his skin and continuing to go further south.

“Fuck Zayn.” Niall whimpered out as said boy nipped at his collar bone definitely leaving enough marks there to be seen the next day. Niall felt his head tip back and hit the lockers as he felt Zayn’s cool hands moving under his jersey against his heated body.

He felt the boy’s lips back on his in an instant and he could feel the smile also pressing against them.

“Let me show you why I really wanted