another perfect one. Harry growls inside his head as he gets his driver out. He practices once before making his swing, his ball soaring into the sky, then dipping down into the middle of the fairway. It’s further than James’ SO TAKE THAT.

“Huh, didn’t know you had it in ya,” James teases as they start walking towards their balls. “So tell me, how long have you been a golfer?”

“Well, I started taking lessons when I was, like, eleven,” Harry decides there’s no harm in telling the older golfer. “I always watched golf tournaments on the telly and thought it was awesome so my parents decided to let me take a couple lessons. They didn’t know I’d fall in love with it. Soon enough, I started competing in the tournaments and look at where that brought me – a title of a champion for juniors. What about you?”

“Eh, started golfing when I was twelve. Been to couple tournaments and maybe won all of them.”

“But I’ve never seen you before?” Harry frowns. Surely he’d have heard James’ name when he won the tournaments.

“You’ll find out soon enough.”

Hole 7 is a par five hole, and James decides to use second wood for his second shot. Harry doubts that’ll make it to the green though.

To Harry’s disbelief, James’ ball does more than making it to the green; it’s a fucking albatross.

“Hm, I suppose I got lucky,” James chuckles, giving the wood to his caddy. “Even though there was a wind against us.”

“No fucking way,” Harry feels his jaw dropping to the grass. “There’s no fucking way you just made that albatross.”

“I believe my score is -6 now, dearest Harold,” James smirks at the younger boy. “I think your winning streak has come to an end.”

Harry grits his teeth together before grabbing his own second wood and makes a swing. His ball lands very close to the cup and he makes an eagle.

Harry -4, James -6.

-

The first game ends with Harry with the score of -5 and James with -7. Harry can’t believe he got bested by some unknown cunt. Really, he doesn’t want to lose to this James.

He spots Zayn and Louis talking to each other in hushed tones and when Harry nears them, they stop talking.

“Wow, were you plotting my murder?” Harry jokes, which both of the caddies scowl at. “Were you talking about something important?”

“Not really, though he wants a piece of my arse,” Zayn elbows Louis at the comment. “I’m not even sorry.”

“He’s horrible,” Zayn grouses. “Anyways, Louis told me James has been to couple of tournaments and won every one of them. You got a steep competition, Harold.”

“Don’t call me Harold,” Harry slaps away Zayn’s hand that’s patting at the top of his head. “Where’s my hotel room?”

“It’s room 413, and you’re sharing it with James,” Zayn gives Harry an apologetic look. “If you shag him, do tell me the details.”

“Ew no.”

-

“I requested single room! What the hell am I supposed to do with me wig now?” Niall yells at his caddy furiously. “Harry will find out who I am!”

“Calm your balls, Horan,” Louis looks rather calm, despite the given circumstance. “Just wear the fucking thing to bed.”

“Oh, like it’s that easy,” Niall rolls his eyes at his caddy for last couple years. “It’s gonna fall off me head whilst I sleep.”

“If wigs fell off that easily, Hannah Montana wouldn’t have kept her secret for so long,” Niall reprimands with a slap on Louis’ bum. “Okay, I’ll stop. But please, I know I got a fantastic arse but stop slapping it.”

“You’re so cocky,” Niall grunts before snatching his room key from Louis’ hand and goes off to the fourth floor.

When Niall gets to the room, he sees that Harry already took a shower and is only in his tight Calvin Klein briefs. He feels his cheeks burn up from the sight in front of him, which Harry raises his brow at.

“Never saw a lad half-naked before?” The quizzical look is replaced with a smirk now, making Niall boil with unknown rage. “Feel free to ogle me, James.”

“Fuck you,” Niall retorts brilliantly, dragging his luggage to his bed. Well, he picks the one on the left, which Harry doesn’t have a problem with. “If you go through my stuff or anything like that whilst I’m in the shower, I’m calling the cops.”

“Do I look like a type to snoop through people’s personal belongings?” Harry scoffs, rolling his eyes