purposely putting pressure on it, and smirked, murmuring,”Are you just happy to have me all to you, or is that a banana in your pocket?”

Rolling his eyes, Liam pulled Niall closer, distracting him from the previous activity by softly slanting his lips across Niall’s and pulling the Irish’s boys tongue into his mouth while slowly rolling his hips so that the ‘banana’ rubbed up against Niall.

Moaning, Niall, still a bit sensitive from last night, and pulled away, a strand of saliva stretching between the two, determined not to be deterred as he looked deep into Liam’s eyes and whispered,”Who was it?”

Liam closed his eyes in surrender and almost inaudibly said,”Mr. Malik.”

Niall gawked for a second, then he was harshly whispering,”You tapped that? Damn LiLi, do you know how long I wanted him? Holy shit… Well, I guess I should wash away his mark on you, huh?”

Confused, Liam scrunched his eyebrows together.

“What?”

Niall’s eyes were alight with mischief, and he jumped off of Liam’s lap, heading over to the closet and grabbing a small box that Liam had noticed only yesterday before turning to face Liam again and walking slowly over to him, explaining all the way.

“I’ve always wanted to watch your ass clench around a dildo or two while i fucked you with them, so I figured I could kill two birds with one stone, permanently erase your memory of losing your assinity to Mr. Malik, lucky bastard, and play out a fantasy or two of mine. Of course, we’ll only do it if you want to?”

Niall smiled comfortingly, now sitting on Liam’s lap again, holding out the box almost like an offering, but Liam could the insecurities hiding in the blue depths of Niall’s eyes and felt kind of bad when he said,”I… I really don’t know if I wanna do that Ni, you know how I am, I only just became comfortable with taking it… Up the ass…”

Biting his lip, Niall nodded his head, putting the box down on the floor and cupping Liam’s cheeks, saying,”Thank you for telling me, babe, we will never do anything you don’t want to do. Now, do you wanna watch a movie?” pressing kiss after kiss on Liam’s lips in between his words.

Liam’s eyes shone grateful, and he pulled Niall in for a long kiss, whispering,”You pick.” after they had managed to separate.

The brightness in Niall’s eyes proved that Liam had said the right thing, and they ambled downstairs, tiptoeing past Niall’s parents room, stifling giggles like two little girls when Niall made a wrong step and a floorboard creaked.

Liam could just see Niall’s parents rolling their eyes, but he couldn’t blame them, after all, they were two 17 year old boy’s acting like children.

When they reached the living room, Niall was full on bursting with laughter, and Liam flopped down on the couch, breathing hard through his stomach pain; laughter’s the best medicine, but damn it hurt sometimes.

After Niall had managed to pick a movie (“JESUS CHRIST! LiLiiiiiii, I don’t know which one to piiiiiiick.” “Niall, just put the damn thing in the TV.”“Fine Mr. Grumpy pants.”) Liam spooned Niall and they settled in, only to find that Niall had put in “Step Up: Revolution”, a movie that both boys liked, but only to a certain extent, so there really wasn’t a lot of attention on the movie from either parties.

Liam was still semi-hard, but it seemed Niall didn’t notice, and he was beginning to get uncomfortable, while Niall was trying to get his timing right for this.

They had never tried to get each other off without touching, but Niall felt like he would be good at it.

Slowly shifting, Niall felt Liam grow even harder, and fed off his soft groan, grinding a bit harder, but not so hard that it would be seen as deliberate just yet.

Biting his lip, Liam looked down at his scheming leprechaun, slightly alarmed at his fidgeting, but suddenly, Niall had turned so that he was facing Liam, and the material of their jeans was all that separated them, both having been near naked for the day, not having planned to leave their room for much besides sustenance and lube, if the need provided itself.

His rough voice made Liam shiver as Niall said,”LiLi, sit up love, ‘m gonna try something.”

The slight glint of hesitation in Liam’s eyes made Niall run his hand up Liam’s chest softly and peck a kiss to Liam’s lips before soothing his ruffled feathers with a small smile.

Liam, not quite sure what was happening, let go of his resolve, and scooted up on the couch so that his back was resting against the arm, and let Niall climb onto his lap, gasping when he immediately began rutting against