they struggle to see who wins. Niall suckles on Harry’s tongue, pricking his upper lip against Harry’s fang, knowing it's a turn-on for the vampire. Harry lets out a moan and Niall smirks into the kiss, taking control immediately. Harry’s tongue wrestles Niall’s, still determined to fight. Niall doesn't let him win this time, his tongue swirling against Harry’s. Harry tries to win this battle but it's not easy. Niall mashes his tongue against Harry’s in a fervent manner as he feels himself harden even more. He rubs his dick against Harry’s, the friction causing his dick to spill pre-come.

”Do you want more, Styles?" Niall pulls away from the kiss, a string of saliva linking their lips.

Harry nods wordlessly.

Needlessly, Niall places the tip of his erection at Harry’s entrance and the vampire pushes down, taking Niall deep inside his soft warmth. Groaning, Niall rocks his hips up, thrusting deep inside Harry’s body as he meets his thrusts for thrusts, leaning down so that he can kiss Niall again. Their lips brush before initiating a heated kiss. Niall kisses back enthusiastically, thrusting harder into the vampire. Harry moans as he breaks their kiss, his eyes blood-red again. 

Not wasting any time, Harry’s twin daggers dig into Niall’s pale skin again, this time at the wolf’s shoulder. Harry growls like a beast against Niall’s skin—which is sort of ironic to Niall since he’s the beast here— as he thrusts upwards as Harry rides him at a frantic pace. When Niall hits Harry’s sweet spot, the vampire starts to moan loudly, the sound reverberating against the walls. Smirking, Niall slams harder into the vampire’s surprising warmth the moment he detaches his fangs from Niall’s shoulder. Niall feels a trickle of blood dripping down his pale torso, which Harry licks seductively. Groaning, Niall grinds faster into Harry’s body, nearing their climax. Harry does the same, placing soft kisses along Niall’s nape.

Niall howls as he releases deep inside the lad he used to love, moaning out his name as Harry screeches his name. Niall recaptures Harry’s lips for a bruising kiss. They kiss each other lazily for minutes, neither one of them giving in for the dominance. Harry’s fangs nip at my tongue, and Niall lets out a soft whimper. Niall stays inside Harry's body as he rides out his high, kissing Harry with so much passion it frightens him. As the pleasure rings out of my body, he feels the base of his cock starting to flare out.


-


Grunting, Harry keeps his position atop Niall, sheathing his shaft, feeling him growing larger inside him. That's the perk of having a werewolf lover—when a werewolf is having sex, his penis grows whilst inside his lover, and it can be quite painful. Well, painfully pleasurable.

Niall slams into Harry’s body in a hurried manner, growling animalistically as his knot fattens up.

I get off of him, realising what I'd done.

Harry forgot that every time a Were has sex with someone, there's a chance of being mated.

Niall looks at me with startled crystalline blue eyes probably thinking the same thing. 

"We shouldn't have done that." Niall brings his smallish hand to his mouth. "You know the consequences..."

Harry nods as he stares at Niall, not wanting the worst to happen to him. A werewolf being mated to a vampire isn't exactly the best life style. They are the worst enemies.

"I want you to know something, Ni–"

Harry yelps in pain as a burning sensation brushes against his left palm. He examines the hand as Niall examines his. They both see the marl, a stylised figure of silvery-blue wolf's head on both of their palms. Shite, this only means one thing.

"Niall, I can't do this." Harry shakes his head dejectedly as Niall brings his head up to kiss the vampire. "This isn't fair for you."

"Harry..." he whispers against my lips. "I still love you... You'll never love yourself half first as much as I love you."

Niall kisses Harry sweetly, not doing anything to deepen the kiss as Harry feels himself harden again. 

"Be mine again?"

Harry kisses Niall’s nose as an answer. "Bloody hell yes, Niall.”

It's then when Harry remembers his little mission.

-

Harry wakes up naked next to a familiar pale-toned body, their hands fitting like destiny. Smiling sleepily, the vampire turns over to straddle his mate’s hips, pressing his cold lips to the other’s small pink ones. A low moan grumbles from the young werewolf. "'m tired..." the Irish wolf grouses, his voice an octave lower than his usual tone,

Grinning wickedly, Harry bites Niall’s pulmonary vein, fangs out. Niall moan-