keep you warm.” Zayn takes all of the stuff gratefully and smiles at Niall. “Oh! Um, I’m going to make soup, so, that should also warm you right up.” Zayn gets excited at the thought of soup, of warm liquid that probably tastes amazing and the fact that Niall’s going to make it only makes the idea sound even better. 

Zayn takes a while longer in the bathroom, just getting comfortable in the warmth after she had spent so long out on the beach in absolutely nothing. Her face was no longer pale and her lips were no longer a shade bluer than what was probably normal, but she stayed for a bit longer, absorbing the faint Niall smell blending into the flowery body wash and the fishy ocean smell.

When Zayn finally steps out, she spots Niall over her stove stirring up something with a smile. The smell makes Zayn’s stomach growl with the deliciousness of the scent. “You can sit, Z. I’ll be done in a minute.” Zayn takes the orders and takes the seat closest to where Niall’s standing and waits patiently.

After a few short minutes. Niall comes to the little table with two steaming bowls of soup. “Alright, Zayn! I hope you like the meal! Seafood Soup!”

The word stops Zayn in her tracks. Seafood? As in the fish she took care of? The little crabs that pinched her tail lightly when she was younger? The clams and mussels she would watch open and close, mesmerized, for hours? 

Zayn feels sick to her stomach and a part of her almost wants to start crying. There's no way she can eat this in good conscience. 

Niall notices the odd expression the girl gives to the soup. “Everything alright? Do you not like seafood?” 

Within seconds, Zayn shakes her head no and has to look away from the soup. “No, I'm not the biggest fan.” It’s painful to admit and the way Niall’s face falls is even worse, but Zayn couldn’t do it. Not for anyone would she eat something from the sea. Niall looks deep in thought for a second, almost contemplating her decision, before she perks up.

“Not an issue,” she says, “more for me.” She picks up both bowls and brings out a larger container to pour them into and wraps them with a shiny thing that makes a funny noise when it moves. “How about a PB & J?”

The PB & J, or peanut butter and jelly smashed between two slices of bread, is amazing. Zayn loves it and the flavors and textures and tells Niall this much which earns her laughs.

“You mean to tell me you have never had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich before?” And Zayn shakes her head and Niall laughs unbelievably. “That’s insane. This is my lifeblood, right here!” The words and tone make Zayn laugh, too, and she doesn’t understand how Niall can pull so much out of her.

Zayn realizes much later that night, after long walks on the beach she knows too well and small adventures up and down the dock, that she hasn’t been home in who knows how long and her father and most importantly Louis are probably going insane looking for her. It’s only after Niall’s put everything away and falls back on her bed with tired eyes that Zayn decides she should start heading back to the ocean.

“Ni,” she says softly, just gently shaking the girl awake. When blue eyes look up to her worriedly, Zayn giggles. “I’m gonna go, okay? I’m going to see if I can catch the bus.” Niall starts mumbling out, trying to hold back Zayn and telling her she’ll walk her, but Zayn shakes her head gently. “I’ll see you as soon as I can. Sleep tight, Niall.” When she drops a kiss to her forehead, she pretends to not feel the racing of her heartbeat. 

After Zayn treks to her spot and strips down, she dives into the ocean and can’t help the pleased smile on her face. She loves being human with Niall, but nothing beats the way her skin feels when she’s part fish. 

Zayn tries to swim away from the public’s eyes, just tries to reach the castle she lives in before someone can try to tell on her in favor of the king. 

Louis is the first to notice her when she gets home, the petite girl swimming right into her arms and clinging on for her life. She was trembling and it scared Zayn as much as it worried her. She couldn’t have been gone for so long. It wasn’t that bad. Right? 

“Zayn Malik, if you don’t get over here and explain yourself to me right now, may the gods help you.” Zayn panics at the tone her dad has taken on, the tone that means business and means she’ll be in plenty of trouble. 

Inside a separate room, her father sits on his throne, his