love for the first time after their last tour for UAN album.

 


-


  All the lads of One Direction were thrilled about their sucess with the Up All Night album sale and the concert venue so it was not a surprise when they started recording the sophomore album, geting to meet with the well-known songwriters to write with them. 

  Zayn wasn't happy with the fact that he got Perrie, a gorgeous girl from Little Mix, was assigned to be his supposed girlfriend.

  "We can't have gay members, Malik," one of the douche bags from the management had told him last time he told them he wanted to be out free with Harry. "It won't look goo to the media."

  "Fuck you and the media, you all know Harry will always be my one true love," he'd flicked his cigarette ash in the man's direction and stormed off the room, a startled Harry following hot on his heels.

  Zayn wrote the song "Last First Kiss" with the writers and Liam and Louis, which was undisputably the favourite song from the album.

  The summer's passed by and the single "Live While We're Young" came out and it got overwhelming attention from the media and their fans. It was decribed as a more mature song, a song that's more fit for older fans.

  Soon, they all were trapped inside a tent for shooting the music video, which Harry didn't mind at all. After the two days of filming, he dragged - not really - Zayn into the most desserted one and made hot love, only to be interrupted by Louis jumping out of the haystack. Luckily, Zayn and Harry only got teased for five weeks before Liam pulls his reins in on his new boyfriend.

  Weeks pass by and the Take Me Home album get released, instantly ranking number one in 73 countries. Zayn and Harry hardly have anytime for being together with each other but they manage, smiling at the cameras whenever they're bombarded with questions and endless waves of paparazzi photographing their every movement.

  It was right around then Zayn asked Harry to move in together and Harry says yes, moving into the mansion Zayn bought earlier that year.

  The tour starts but nothing ever goes in favour of the ordealed couple. The management wanted Harry to have a fake girlfriend - a beard, the fans named it - and it was none other than Taylor Swift. Being Ed's best mate, Harry didn't like the idea of "dating" his best friend in the music industry.

 

 

-

 

  The fight between Zayn and Harry frequented, mostly revolving around the fact that Taylor and Harry were forced to kiss at the New Years thing at the Time Square, millions of photos floating around.

  "Why can't you say no for once? It's our fucking lives, and our love they're trying to ruin!" Zayn'd yelled at Harry, his hands wrapped around his lover's neck loosely. "Why can't you fight for what's rightfully ours?"

  "Because we're puppets of the management. Why can't you understand that?" Harry had feebly attempted to pry the fingers off, tears prickling his eyes. "You're too selfish for your own good and can't see straight, being impaired by the love you feel for me. If you truly want us to work, surely you know we have to play with the marionette?"

  That was the last straw for their fragile, broken relationship. Harry packed his stuff and left Zayn's house without a word, tears spilling down his pale cheekbones.

  The tour went on, despite the fact that Zayn and Harry looked like they wanted to murder each other. It was Niall who decided - by Liam and Louis - to become the bridge between their mutual hatred for each other.

  February came and Harry turned 19. Niall was at the party and they were more than slightly buzzed with the alcohol. Ignoring the caterwauls from the Grimmy, Harry took Niall to a small room and started snogging the Irishman.

  That was when Zayn came into the room with red tulips (A/N Red tulips mean eternal love), greeted by the scene of Harry's skinny jeans halfway down, Niall's hair mussed and his shirt torn open.

  Harry got up to explain himself but Zayn left, throwing the flowers onto the ground.

  Harry picked up the flowers and saw the note and a small ring - the same silver ring he was given two years ago for the promise.

 

 

-

  Zayn returns to his house that night with his twice-broken heart, his face buried into his hands as he weeped silently when he heard someone opening the door using the spare key he hid in the orchid flower pot outside his front door.

  It was Harry, and he had a glittering round object twirling in his hand.

  "Yes, Zayn," the curly haired boy walked up to the darker skinned lad, his own eyes prickled with unshed tears. "I accept this and I love you, Zayn Javadd Malik. I just want to be yours, only yours. I was a dick to