on the screen. Niall kept stealing small glances at Zayn to make sure he was still okay and was happy to see that he was eating at his normal pace and seemed fine. 

 Zayn finished his food and Niall reached to grab his plate. They all piled their plates onto Zayn’s coffee table. Niall wrapped the blanket around Zayn and himself, he grabbed Zayn’s chin gently and moved their faces together. He pressed his lips to Zayn’s softly at first and when he felt Zayn kissing back he slipped his tongue out and into Zayn’s mouth. 

 Zayn opened his mouth and twisted his tongue around Niall’s. Niall gently pushed his tongue into Zayn’s mouth and he could feel the vibrations in Zayn’s throat when the older boy groaned low. He felt Zayn’s hand press on the back of his neck to pull them closer together. 

 Niall could taste the sweetness of the blueberry muffin and the tangy orange juice mixed with Zayn’s natural taste. Zayn could taste saltiness from the bacon Niall had devoured mixed with the creaminess of his chocolate milk. Both boys were so intoxicated in one another. 

 Zayn was the first to slow down. He swiped his tongue across Niall’s top lip one more time before biting his bottom lip and pulling away. Niall groaned in protest but just earned a light breathless chuckle from Zayn. “That’s never gonna get old,” Niall murmured. 

 “Mmm, I agree,” Zayn smirked. He pulled Niall in by his neck again to peck those thin pink lips one time then let his hand slide down Niall’s back with a smile on his face. When they came back to reality their smiles were wiped away when they looked over to see their three band mates staring at them with their mouths wide open and eyes wide. 

 “That’s a bit overdramatic, innit?” Niall asked sarcastically. 

 “Two of our best friends just ate each other’s faces, I think this is a perfectly acceptable reaction,” Harry was quick to quip back.  Niall just rolled his eyes with a smile. 

 “So, um,” Liam began, “are you guys like…what are you guys?” 

 “Well I’m Irish and Zaynie here-.” 

 “Don’t be a smart ass!” Louis piped in. 

 “Yes!” Zayn breathed out. “Yes we’re together.” 

 “Aww that’s so cute guys,” they all cooed poking Niall’s cheeks and smiling at Zayn. 

*__________*

 “Ni, what’s wrong?” Zayn asked one night. It had been a week since Zayn’s attack and his body was finally healing. He wasn’t in as much pain anymore, plus he was beginning to feel okay around Liam, Harry, and Louis. 

 Niall gripped Zayn tighter. “Nothing, don’t worry about me babe. How are you feeling?” 

 “Don’t. Don’t do that Niall,” Zayn groaned to Niall. He pulled away from Niall and turned to face him. “Don’t keep changing the subject. You’ve been acting off since…since, y’know, since I…since that happened. Do you find me that gross?” he asked with tears lining his eyelids. 

 “Stop, it’s not you Zayn. You’re the best thing ever in my life, like…ever. You aren’t gross and I’ve told you that so much and I mean it every time.” 

 “Then why’ve you been acting so odd?” 

 “I…I can’t talk about it Zayn.” 

 “Please, you trust me, right?” 

 “Of course I do baby.” 

 “Then please, please talk to me. You’re bothered by something and I don’t like seeing it.” 

 Niall sighed deeply. He curled his fist that was resting on his knee. “Fine, okay look, it’s hard to talk about but if I’m saying it then I want the guys to be here too. They deserve to hear it. We’ve got no secrets in this band, right?” he asked finally meeting Zayn’s eyes. 

 Zayn nodded in agreement. “Right,” he repeated. He leaned in with his eyes closed to kiss Niall tenderly on the lips. “I love you so much baby,” he said cuddling back into Niall’s side. “You don’t have to if you don’t wanna though. I just hate seeing you upset, you know this.” 

 “I know babe. I love you too. I don’t really want to but I know I need to. Maybe talking will help.” 

 “Probably,” Zayn smiled into Niall’s chest. 

 Niall wrapped his arm tighter around Zayn and kissed the top of his head. They fell asleep cuddled up watching some shit TV show that was only on for background noise. 

*__________*

 Zayn wrapped his arms around Niall from behind. Niall was stood at the stove cooking lunch for them and the boys. Zayn softly kissed Niall’s neck. “You’re sure that you’