and fake not being together" Louis spoke softly, it sounded like he really did need a moment with me.

"I'm not faking anything, you're the faker" I spat rudely, I don't know why I decided to snap, I just didn't fell like being second best right now.

"That's not fair haz, you know I'd be with you if I could" Louis whispered guiltily.

"Why can't you? Why?" I questioned hostilely, I needed him to be honest with me.

"You know why" Louis murmured.

"I don't think I do Louis" I answered.

"I'm petrified of what people will say" Louis spoke softly. 

"Bullshit! You're love her more, it's as simple as that" my voice was getting higher and I was nearly yelling.

"Shh Harry, be quiet!" Louis shushed.

"No, just tell me right now Louis, do you want to be with me?" I asked.

"Of course I do but-"

"Well then you need to try, and try hard because I've had enough" and with that I got up and walked off leaving a distraught looking Louis sitting alone.

Planes and awkward situations never go good together. Everyone could feel the tense atmosphere and they could tell it was radiating from me and Louis. Louis was incredibly quiet which is awkward in itself. The bad thing about planes is we are forced to stay in the same atmosphere for hours and we can't go and sort it our by ourselves.

I felt immensely horrible for putting Louis under that much pressure, it wasn't fair if me to request that of him. But he needs to know that I'm serious and I want the truth no matter how painful that could be. 

The flight went painfully slow, each awkward minute felt like an hour. Finally we arrived at Heathrow airport and we were rushed through customs and split into two black cars. Liam, Louis, Eleanor and myself were in one and Zayn, Niall and Paul were in the other. 

If I thought the atmosphere in the plane was bad, than this was absolutely excruciating. Louis was openly sulking and everyone seemed to know it came from a row with me. Eleanor kept looking at me with pity and Liam gave me a look that said "what did you do?," as if I didn't feel guilty enough. 

We arrived at our apartment block and everyone piled out of the cars. Louis walked off without grabbing his bags, forcing Eleanor to carry both hers and his. I saw that she was struggling so I went to help her out.

"Here let me help?" I asked but grabbed Louis' suitcase nonetheless. 

"Thanks Haz" She spoke sweetly, I hated when she was nice because it made me feel even guiltier about what me a Lou do behind her back. Even if she gets him in the end, what we are doing is still wrong, I mean he's cheating. 

"No probs El."

I left mine and Louis' suitcases on the floor in our living room and made my way to my bedroom. The stress from the tour, Louis and the flight had taken a lot out I me and I just wanted to sleep. I laid on my bed, above the sheets and fully clothed but fell asleep within five minutes.

*                   *                   *

I awoke to the sound of hushed arguing in the living room of our house. Someone was fighting but trying to be quiet about it. I swung my legs off the bed and got up slowly, steadying myself on the bed. Once I was certain I wasn't going to tumble I made my way down to find out who had awoken me from my unconscious state. 

As I entered the hallway before the living room I could make out two voices having a very clear fight. 

"That person up there is heartbroken everyday because of the bullshit you put him through" I could recognize Zayn's frustrated voice.

"He understands exactly how I feel and he knows how a relationship is" Louis retorted angrily.

"I can't believe you could make excuses for the way you treat him, you actually disgust me" Zayn spat, true disgust was clear in his voice. 

"I don't give a fuck what you think of me, I can do whatever I want!" Louis yelled, his voice automatically turning this fight into a full blown screaming match. 

"Not while I'm around you can't, you leave him alone!" Zayn yelled, matching Louis' intensity. I hated hearing them fight especially about me. Zayn had obviously had enough of the way I'm treated but he doesn't need to come here and fight my battles, I am capable of deciding what's best for me. 

"You can't tell me what to fucking do! I love Harry and I will do whatever the hell I want!" Louis screeched, the fight was on the edge of becoming physical. 

I thought I better step in before this gets too out of