looks like because that’s just what mums do. He takes her advice though, hiding his phone and keeping his computer closed to resist the temptation of going through those tweets, those posts on tumblr. Even if he were to look at the positive ones, there’s still a chance he’ll find a bad one. There’s so many of them.

(And yeah, he insisted on being alone but he kind of wishes Zayn were there to distract him, or at least compliment him in some way that Liam can at least pretend like he means it.)

He can hear Zayn’s laughter, the muted sound of his voice vibrating outside in the hallway sometime around midnight. The television is off, room quiet except for the sounds of Liam’s own breaths. He can’t sleep is the problem, so he pads through the dark to see if only Zayn is back, or if the others are too. 

Only Zayn is back, but he’s not alone. Liam stills as he watches Zayn press a small, pretty little bird up against his hotel room door, fingers sliding along her small torso and tugging in the curls at the side of her head. She giggles at whatever Zayn whispers against her skin and Liam sinks back into his room, letting the door slam. 

He hadn’t cried before, but he cries now, letting the tears pull out the pressure building in his chest. Zayn’s hooked up with other people plenty of times, and though he doesn’t actually tell Liam about them unless Liam brings it up, he still knows. When there’s new marks lingering on Zayn’s skin Liam knows aren’t from him because they’re careful, or when he smells too thickly of flowery scents (sometimes even their own brand of perfume and he thinks Zayn doesn’t even notice-)

Liam clutches at his sides, fingers tugging at the lumps of skin there. He lets himself wonder if he lost the weight if Zayn would want only him. He normally keeps that thought away, far, far away but he lets himself think about it now since he already feels like shit. 

And he hadn’t truly expected Zayn to stay in with him, but he couldn’t help the way hope for it lingered in his mind. And now it burns as it sizzles out and Liam shoves his face into the pillow to muffle the sobs that sound like lightning cracking through the silent room. 

 

It hadn’t really worked as planned. Zayn needed a distraction, something a little more than the burn of alcohol to clear the frustrations still lingering around from the interview. Liam had wanted to be alone, and Zayn respected it, but it just made him angrier that Liam was in that shitty of a mood that he needed to be left alone. When he’s upset he usually comes to Zayn, not makes him stay away.

But when he gets her into his room, he realizes she’s too soft – too small underneath him and too talkative, and he ends up kicking her out, hopefully as politely as he can because she was definitely a fan if the scent of You and I on her skin meant anything.

He pulls the key card from the TV stand that he had Paddy get for him earlier before padding across the hall to Liam’s room. It’s dark and quiet inside, but he can hear Liam’s labored breathing from where he’s curled on the bed. Zayn tip toes quietly, as not to wake him.

But he’s awake. Zayn can make out the shake in Liam’s shoulders and the glint of the light from the window reflecting off the white in his eyes. They’re glossy, too glossy and Zayn sinks down on the bed beside him.

“I want to be alone,” Liam murmurs, voice muffled. “How did you get in?”

“Got a key,” Zayn admits, sheepishly. He lies down, despite what Liam said but he doesn’t reach out for him like he wants to. His chest just barely touches Liam’s spine and Liam doesn’t push him away, so he takes that as an okay to stay.

Zayn wishes he could find the proper words to comfort Liam, but they all get stuck in his throat. They reveal too much that Zayn’s kept to himself, for too long now. He can’t risk it, even if he doesn’t come out directly and say it, Liam’s smart – he’ll figure it out.

“I can hear you thinking,” Liam mutters, rolling around so they face each other. Even in the dark Zayn can see that his eyes are puffy and swollen and Zayn’s chest sinks. He smoothes his hand across Liam’s side, letting it rest at his hip so Liam at least knows he can come closer if he wants to. 

“That’s you who does that, Li. Thinks loudly,” Zayn says softly. Liam nods, accepting that. 

“I don’t want to. How do you do it?” It