-ire. You could be my ever after, after all. I could be your perfect disaster, you could be my ever after.”

Zayn’s only been to Face The Music: With Vengeance concert last year since it took about two years for him to get Niall and Harry to listen to his favourite band. Being able to hear Josh’s angelic voice live… it’s pure heaven.

He thinks Louis tilts his head up when Josh sings the famous ‘your perfect disaster, my ever after’ part.

-

No one cares that they’re underage since Zayn is pretty tipsy. They found a teen bar near the arena and even though the pub rule is that you have to have a license saying you’re at least 16, no one checks for ID’s before handing out alcohol.

“Hm, I think I’m gonna dance a little,” Louis announces, walking a bit unsteadily. Zayn follows him, wanting to try something. “Well, hello there, Mr. Malik.”

“I want to dance with you,” Zayn dips his head down to whisper in Louis’ ear, then nibbles on the lobe. “Move your pretty ass, Lou.”

Some punk song Zayn doesn’t really recognise comes on the dance floor when Louis reaches around Zayn’s neck backwards, just as Zayn puts his hands on Louis’ hip bones. Louis grinds his ass against Zayn’s crotch, dangerously close to making him hard. Zayn growls when Louis presses their bodies closer, his clad entrance practically rubbing off of his dick. Zayn wants to pull away but that’s when Louis turns around and pushes Zayn’s head down, making their noses rub against one another. Zayn sucks in a breath at the proximity of their lips. Louis starts to tilt his head up, closing the distance between the said body parts. It’s slow, giving Zayn plenty of time to back away so the kiss won’t happen.

It’s like the stereotypical girly thing when their lips collide. Zayn feels the connection and electric jolt when their lips move in synch, his hand raising to cup Louis’ jaw. Louis moans into their kiss, making Zayn’s dick get harder. Fuck, this boy will be the death of him. Louis has the audacity of grabbing Zayn’s dick through his skinnys, making Zayn grunt into the kiss. He pulls away from the kiss before his body gets other sorts of ideas.

“Je serai ton depuis ce temps-là,” Zayn hears Louis telling him in French. “Seras ma catastrophe parfaite.”

-

Zayn doesn’t remember how he got back home but he knows he didn’t take his car to We Day so Harry must have hailed a taxi or some this like that. He checks the time and sees that it’s already nine-thirty. Well, fuck school.

He passes by Harry and Niall’s room, thankfully without any moans. He’s heard his friends having morning delights many times before. He walks down to his kitchen and sees a form that he wasn’t expecting at all.

“How are you here?” Zayn asks his Belgian friend. “I don’t recall inviting you here.”

“Harry called the taxi back home and I was too drunk to say my own address,” Louis shrugs, pulling out Cinnamon Crunch Toast from the cupboard that’s just above his head. “He told me you wouldn’t mind me staying here though.”

“I do now when you’re eating my favourite cereal without my consent,” Zayn jokes, taking the box from Louis’ hand. He takes out two bowls and the milk cartoon from the fridge. “No more than two full bowls, that’s a warning.”

“I’m a growing teen, I need all I can have,” Louis huffs, taking a seat on the island. “But I’ll follow your rules. Niall told be this is your own house.”

“My rentals don’t really like me,” Zayn shrugs, pouring his bowl full. “So I just moved out when I was in grade 10. I do have enough money, after all. Thirty thousand bucks automatically get transferred to my account at the beginning of each month.”

“You’re spoilt,” Louis shakes his head. “I got a job at Tim Hortons when I was fifteen and I barely have four thousand in mine.”

“What did you tell me in French last night?” Zayn asks what he really wanted to. “At the club.”

“Nothing important,” the way his cheeks colour a nice shade of red tells Zayn otherwise. “Just a random thing.”

“Something about being something.” Zayn’s French is rusty, but he remembers the futur simple he learned in French 11 with Madame Botanni.

“Well, I’ll tell you in time,” Louis takes the cereal box from Zayn’s hand and pours himself some as well. “But for now, petit corbeau, you’re gonna lemme eat these delicious cereals.”

“If I told you I had Nutella, would you eat