his popstar buddies this time, hm?”

“Ignore him,” a female voice, much gentler, tells him from behind him. “You know Kyle has issues.”

“Anger issues and bipolar, yeah,” Niall scoffs at his only friend here, Maggie. “You should try rooming with him if you’re an expert.”

“No thanks,” Maggie giggles and leads Niall to their usual table.

 

He really misses his best mates, his brothers.

 

Mostly, he misses Harry.

 

-

 

Another week passes before the psychiatrist deems Niall ‘safe’ enough to go back to popstar duties. The management made it sound like Niall caught a really bad flu and he had to recover from it.

 

 

“You have to take your antidepressant every morning and every night,” the doctor goes on. “You also have to meet up with me every two weeks for the refill.”

“Okay,” Niall really wants to get the hell out of here.

“You’re discharged now.”

 

Niall walks out of the psychiatric unit to be greeted by Liam. The taller lad pecks him on the cheek and leads him to the car waiting outside.

 

And for the first time, he doesn’t wish it was Harry.

 

-

 

Spring comes by quicker than Niall expected and he’s dating Liam now. It was unexpected, yes, but he could tell how much Liam was in love with him, so unlike the other lad in the bad. The lads were okay with them announcing the news. Heck, Zayn and Louis have been together for two months prior to them.

 

“Are you ready to rock the stadium tonight?” Liam asks with a peck on Niall’s lips. “Or do you think it’s too soon.”

“It’s been two months since our last concert, of course I’m ready,” Niall giggles, walking onto the stage with Liam.

 

-

 

Harry is confused.

Scratch that, he’s fucking jealous of Liam.

 

At first, he was so sure that Niall loved him but he just hopped onto Team Liam like that, yeah. That dented his ego a lot.

 

“Why?” Harry asks the hotel bathroom’s mirror as he glares at his reflection. “What does Liam have that I don’t?”

 


Perhaps it’s compassion, or the ability to care.


 

Maybe it’s for the best, best for Harry’s or Niall’s welfare.

 

-

 

The tour itself seems so short for Niall and it’s already the last concert of the entire tour. Niall can’t thank their fans enough that they’d support them even though they cancelled half the tour for Niall’s recovery. That’s bullshit, to be honest, that they didn’t carry on without Niall, but he can’t change that now.

 

“Ready for the celebration tonight?” Liam speaks off-microphone as the crowd goes wild after the last song. Wow, still surreal after years.

“Yeah.”

 

 

“Niall,” Harry’s deep voice sounds mad.

And Harry’s never been mad at Niall before.

“Yes?” Niall replies out of guilt, not friendliness.

“For years, I thought I made my intentions clear but no, you chose him,” Harry’s green eyes look greyish in this shade of light and Niall curses himself for noticing that. “Niall James Horan, what have you done to me? I was a carefree lad, someone who didn’t give two shite about getting into long-term relationships but you, dammit, you changed my mind. I want cute little cuddles and waking up to you kind of stuff. I want to hold hands with you in public without people spreading rumours because there isn’t much to spread gossips about. Dammit, I want to call you mine, mine alone!”

“You had your chance,” Niall refutes, not really in the mood but he has to explain himself. “I yearned for you—your touch, your kisses, your everything—but nothing came to me. You know very damn well why I was in the hospital and why I didn’t want to see your goddamn pretty face. I hope you fucking–”

 

Harry doesn’t give him any time to go on before crashing their lips together. It takes Niall by a lot of surprise but most part of him just gives in to the kiss. It’s not how he imagined their first kiss to be but he loves it. He loves the playfulness Harry is showing by nipping at his lower lip, tugging at it once or twice. He loves that he’s pressed up against a wall like he’s Harry’s to play with.

 

“I knew this day was coming,” a band member Niall’s heart should beat for comments with a sigh. “Harry, I knew you had your eye on Niall.”

“Yet you started dating him,” Harry says with so much venom, Niall’s surprised no one’s wounded. “Why’s that?”

“I do love him,” Liam defends himself. “But you can love him better since he still loves you.”