be there in a bit. Yeah?”

 

I nodded and made my way into Liam and I’s room.

 

Once in our room, I took off my jeans and shirt. I walked over towards Liam’s shirt drawers and pulled out one of his big white shirts, my favorite because it smelled like him, and pulled it over myself.

 

I then went and lay in bed, pulled the covers over myself and continued to cry.

 

A few minutes later, I heard Liam finally walk into our bedroom. I heard a bit of shuffling until the covers were pulled back and soon Liam was spooning me form behind.

 

Liam wrapped his strong arms around my waist and pulled me closer towards his chest.

 

“Please don’t cry baby. I know Harry’s words are killing you, but please don’t cry. I don’t like seeing my pretty princes crying,” he whispered.

 

“I-I can’t help it Liam. My baby isn’t letting me hold him or kiss him. Do you know how hard that is? I don’t like that he’s not letting me anywhere near him. It’s killing me,” I sobbed.

 

“I know baby girl. Trust me, it’s killing me too, but maybe once he wakes up he’ll stop with this attitude of his and ask to be cuddled for the rest of the day,” he whispered back.

 

Liam continued to hold me tight and whisper sweet nothings until sleep had taken over me.

 

_________

 


Liam’s POV



 


Crying coming from the baby monitor is what woke me up. I could hear his cries getting louder as the seconds went by.

 

“Mumma! Dada!” he wailed.

 

I quickly untangled myself from my sleeping husband and made my way towards my son’s bedroom.

 

As I got closer and closer to his bedroom I could hear his cries getting louder.

 

“M-mumma!”

 

Harry sounded so distressed. Something was obviously wrong. I quickened my pace to his bedroom.

 

Once I opened the door to his room I was met by a heartbreaking sight, my little boy was sitting in his own sick.

 

Harry instantly looked up at me when he heard the door open, “D-dada!” he sobbed while asking to be picked up.

 

I quickly made my way over towards my baby and picked him up, not caring if his sick would get all over me, trying to console the sobbing toddler.

 

“Awe baby. Were you feeling icky?” I cooed while I continued to rub circles onto his back.

 

“Icky da-dada,” he wailed as he shoved his hot and clammy face into my neck.

Well, at least now we know why our little boy was acting up. He was obviously not feeling very well.

 

“Dada tumm-“ Harry wasn’t able to finish what he was going to say because his tummy decided to act up once again making the three-year-old vomit all over my front.

 

This just caused Harry to cry even more. Harry would get scared when he would puke.

 

“Awe baby, don’t cry. It’s okay my little prince,” I whispered.

 

I was a bit grossed out because of the vomit on me, but I paid no mind to it. My son wasn’t feeling very well and he needed me to comfort him.

 

“Lets go get you all cleaned up and then we can cuddle with mummy. Yeah?”

 

“Mumma, want mumma,” he sobbed.

 

“I know baby. Lets go get you to your mumma so you can cuddle.”

 

As I walked back into our bedroom I was trying very hard not to get any of Harry’s sick anywhere.

 

“Liam is- what’s wrong with the little tyke?” I heard Paddy ask out of nowhere.

 

“Oh. Sorry I didn’t see you there. It looks as if Harry wasn’t feeling very well. He just threw up in his bed and all over me. I’m sorry, but I’m going to go wake Zayn up and comfort our little boy.” I said trying not to sound rude for wanting to walk away.

 

“No, no by all means. Go get him all cleaned up.”

 

I just nodded and walked into our bedroom. I was met by a still sleeping Zayn, he must of really been tired; because he’s usually the first one up when he hears Harry cry.

 

“Mumma,” Harry whined while making grabby hands at him mother.

 

I walked over to our bed and gently nudge Zayn, “Zayn. Babe, I need you to wake up.”

 

I watched as Zayn stirred a bit, but made no effort to open his eyes.

 

“Zayn. Honey, I really need you to wake up. Harry just-“

 

At the mention of Harry, Zayn instantly opened his eyes. He rubbed his eyes for a bit until looked up at the still crying toddler and me.

 

“What’s wrong? Liam what’s wrong with Harry?” he asked franticly.

 

“Mumma,” Harry whined while making grabby hands towards him.

 

Zayn didn