spot to latch onto and nip before sucking hard.Zayn’s hips bucked forward as Niall determinedly sucked a bruise into his skin. He felt more than heard a chuckle from the other lad as his fingers dug into his hips, holding Zayn steady as he continued to mark his body.Zayn was so lost in the sensation of Niall’s lips against his neck that he didn’t notice Niall undoing his jeans until a Niall’s hand brushed against his dick.“Fuck, Niall,” Zayn muttered.Niall pulled back from Zayn’s neck, his lips moving to caress Zayn’s ear, “Yes?”“N-need more.”Niall smirked, his hand wrapping around Zayn’s length as his other hand shoved down the lad’s boxers. Zayn vaguely heard Niall make an appreciative noise when he saw how large Zayn was, but he didn’t really care as Niall’s hand began to slowly pump up and down. It was a bit dry for his taste, but Niall’s grip was firm and as he worked he began to use the pre-cum dribbling down Zayn’s cock as lube.All though he was by no means a virgin, Zayn felt completely inexperienced with Niall standing before him. Niall, who was smirking wider than ever as he moved his hand expertly over Zayn’s cock, fingers running over the head as his hand slide up and down. Niall, whose lips were teasingly suckling at Zayn’s skin wherever they could. Zayn didn’t know quite what to do, his hands clenching around the edge of the kitchen counter until his knuckles turned white.Niall met Zayn’s eyes for a few seconds before dropping to his knees, his hand letting go of Zayn’s fully hardened dick, his breath hot against the head. Zayn watched Niall as he licked his lips but didn’t move forward.“What do you want, Zayn?”“I-I want your mouth on my cock,” Zayn answered.Niall didn’t hesitate, licking a bold stripe on the underside of Zayn’s dick before taking Zayn’s head inside his mouth. His hand moved back to the base of Zayn’s cock, stroking as he slowly began to bob back and forth, each movement bringing him further down the base of Zayn’s length.Heavy moans were dropping from Zayn’s mouth and his hands dropped to thread through Niall’s hair, tugging slightly. The movement drew a slightly animalistic groan from Niall, the vibrations shooting up Zayn’s dick.Niall paused his movements, glancing up at Zayn through his eyelashes and waiting until Zayn’s eyes were locked on his before taking Zayn all the way into his mouth, stopping when his nose touched Zayn’s skin, the head of his cock hitting the back of Niall’s throat.“Shit.” Zayn gasped.Niall’s blue eyes twinkled up at him, looking uncharacteristically innocent, the look spoiled by the fact that he had almost effortlessly taken all of Zayn’s cock in his mouth. Niall slide off slowly, noticing the slight tremble in Zayn’s body and not wanting him to come just yet. Instead of standing, he pressed kisses  to the inside of Zayn’s thigh before urging him to spin around. Zayn turned, facing the kitchen wall as Niall’s kisses moved closer and closer to his arse.Niall paused to spread Zayn’s ass so he could have better access, running his tongue up the bare skin. Zayn’s mouth was a litany of curse words as Niall repeated the action before circling his tongue around the puckering hole. When Zayn’s breath was coming in ragged gasps Niall stiffened his tongue and began pushing it in and out of Zayn’s entrance.“Niall, I’m gonna come,” Zayn gasped as Niall’s tongue increased in speed.The words made Niall stop and stand, tugging on the hem of Zayn’s shirt until Zayn helped him take it off. Niall quickly followed suit until they both stood naked, staring at each other as they caught their breath. Niall loosely held the small bottle of lube that had been in his jeans pocket, flipping open the lid as he took a step forward, kissing Zayn once more. As Niall’s tongue slide through Zayn’s mouth he rubbed their bare erections against each other. Their moans intermingled in their mouth as Zayn’s hands moved to cup Niall’s ass.“Want to fuck you,” Niall muttered against Zayn’s lips.Zayn nodded eagerly in response, pupils blown with lust as he watched Niall move back and coat his fingers with a generous supply of lube.  One finger pressed against Zayn’s still slick entrance as Zayn squirmed impatiently. Niall didn’t make him wait long, pushing his finger in and immediately twisting it back out. Niall watched Zayn’s face carefully as he added a second finger straight after the first.Zayn winced slightly at the stretch but when Niall crooked his fingers to nudge Zayn’s bundle of nerves Zayn forgot about the pain, pushing back desperately against Niall’s fingers.“God, it’s