his hand where Zayn's zipper ends and starts teasing his cock head outline “Want what baby?” Zayn lets out a weak sound “touch me more”

Liam hardened at the sound of zayn begging for him.“you want take care of daddy's problem that you created in my pants?” Liam whispered, while moving down to suck zayn’s neck, waiting for him to respond. Zayn grunted in response , liam tskd at that “use your words, daddy taught you better than that” zayn looked up into Liam’s eyes, his own the size of saucers Zayn whimpered and said “yes, daddy” once Liam heard that he pulled away from zayns neck and saw he left him a huge purple bruise, “now people will know you're mine baby boy.” He said before leaning into zayn and kissing him hard. He pulled zayns legs around his waist and lifted them off the couch and walked them towards zayn’s bedroom.

Liam held the base of zayn’s ass and opened the door , once inside he plopped zayn down on the bed,  “Hurry daddy” zayn said when he saw liam unbuttoning his shirt.

“Patience baby boy.” he grumbled throwing his shirt on the ground and joining zayn in bed, getting in between his legs. Liam passionately kissed zayn, and slowly unbuttoned zayn’s pants, then sliding his hand into zayn’s red panties and gripping his cock. Zayn moaned into liam’s mouth as liam stroked him teasingly

Liam pulled away from the kiss and “motioned to zayns clothes “take it off zayn.” he got off zayn to give him space to undress, he felt his cock twitch watching zayn slowly remove his lace panties

“Fuck zaynie, you don't know what you do to me, bend over” 

“Yes daddy” zayn said getting on all fours in nothing but his bare skin. 

Behind him liam was taking  off his belt, folding it in half and bringing it zayns ass, with a loud smack. “You like that baby?” zayn  let out a high pitch noise

“Fuck yeah daddy please give me more”

Liam shook his head disapprovingly, frowning “What’s daddys rule about profanity?”

“No cursing, unless daddy says it's okay.” Zayn replied. 

Liam smirked  “Three more then you get suck daddy’s cock okay?” zayn just nodded impatiently waiting for liam. 

Smack.

“Mmm”

Smack.

“daddy “ zayn whimpered

Smack.

“Look at your ass nice and red” liam said marveling at his handy work “Get on your knees for me” liam said whipping out his rock hard cock after taking off the remainder of his clothing. Zayn licked his lips at the sight of liams erect  cock dripping with pre-cum.

Zayn then got on his knees and looked up through his lashes at liam, and gave a long kitten lick up liam's length, taking up the bead of pre-cum that came out. Taking his right hand he trailed it to liam’s scrotum, fondling lightly. Liam inhaled sharp as zayn rubbed his sack , moving his nose along the length zayn  mouthed at the tip of liam's cock , taking it in with one swift flick of his tongue he engulfed liam's entire length balling his hand into a fist and squeezing his thumb to stop the gag reflex 

“Uuugh fuck” liam moaned then took his length completely out of zayn's mouth. Liam grabbed his cock and slapped zayn's cheek with it

“You're so pretty sucking daddys cock like that” liam commended, zayn preened at the high praise, his eyes twinkling.

“Lie on your back” Liam commanded. Zayn nodded and assumed position. 

Liam made his way to zayn, whispering “no prep today, for breaking the rules okay?” Zayn shakes his head whimpering “want your fingers daddy please” Liam shook his head reaching into zayn's night stand pulling out the lube. He brought the tube to his mouth and unscrewed the cap with his teeth , spurting out a generous amount on his cock, he moved a hand up his snake swiftly distributing the slick. He pushed zayn's right leg up to his chest, his knee hitting his pectoral, shifting his weight to hold zayn up and aligned his cock with zayn's tight heat . He slowly inched his length into zayn.  Groaning loudly liam mutters in to zayn’s hair “Fuck, you're so tight Z” Liam said easing his penis out to where the head was barely touching zayn’s hole, inhaling sharp and then exhaling he braced himself against his boy and rammed in bottoming out with zayn clenching around him. Zayn was whimpering, lowering his hand to grasp his cock, but before he got the chance slapped his arm away 

“No touching baby, you're cumming untouched” Liam said continuing his assault into zayn , thrusting out with his  curved appendage  finding zayn's prostate when he pushes back in.

“Daddy, right there please” zayn yelps, Liam moans hearing zayn's cries of pleasure and begins to slam against his prostate repeatedly “i'm cumming daddy”