tanned lad croons, and that’s when Louis sees the tattoo.

To a non-supernatural, the tattoo has no meaning, maybe a piqued scoff when they see it.

To a vampire, the Mark of Death means a lot.

“Ah, you finally saw it,” the Vampire Lord grins, slamming Louis’ back against a wooden table. “Tell me, should I use my Powers to make you subdue yourself to me?”

“I can’t kill you in any means possible,” Louis whimpers, his back scathed from the contact of the wooden poison. “Even if I dismembered you, you’d be pieced together.”

“We aren’t called the Deathly Ones for nothing, baby,” the Lord grins. “Let me introduce myself all proper,” he sounds British, like the country Louis once claimed as his home. “I am Zayn, Lord of the Shadows.”

-

Zayn can’t believe this child didn’t realise who he was earlier. Really, the tattoo should have been easy to spot, when it’s located right below his left hip. Perhaps his Powers were getting too strong, masking his essence completely.

The look Louis gives him is one mixed of awe and darkness.

Darkness?

“I finally found a way to kill that bastard,” Louis smirks, his eyes glowing dark red. “My lord, have you talked to the vampire named Harry?”

“He’s a rogue, has been ever since he turned you against your will,” Zayn picks at his claws. “Is there a reason why you’re asking, doll?”

“He got expelled ‘cos of me?”

“He got expelled for defying me,” Zayn growls, his fangs fully protruded.

“You’re only one of the six lords,” Louis has the audacity to scoff. “Like, you can’t be that old.”

“You’re so stupid… naïve maybe,” Zayn digs his hand into Louis’ ribcage, finding the dead heart soon enough. “I can kill you, end your miserably life.”

“You know,” Louis grins. “Have you looked into my heritage?”

Zayn wants to retort when a sudden burst of pain shoots through his head, like a brain aneurism. He curses and squeezes the heart, making Louis gasp.

“A witch,” Zayn pulls the organ out just a tad bit, breaking a few heartstrings. “I should’ve figured how you walk in daylight without the spell.”

“I don’t need a spell,” Louis hisses, his eyes back to the icy grey-blue shade again. “For now, I shall be your subject.”

“You’re a child,” Zayn childes, flashing his fangs just because. “You resent your sire and burn for the revenge you seek.”

“Well, you can try to like a dick after your ass has be perpetrated,” Louis grins a bit wryly, the only emotion he sees in Louis. “So, my lord, is there anything you need?”

“I don’t need anything,” Zayn smiles, clicking his tongue. “In fact, I only need one thing to survive.”

“Sunlight won’t kill you…” Louis mumbles in a tone almost inaudible even to vampires. “You need blood.”

“That’s primal for your kind, yes, but not the Old Ones,” Zayn sighs, using his Powers to locate a human Louis can feed on. “There’s a fifth former just around the corner, heavily intoxicated. If you don’t make it back in totally of five minutes, I’ll pluck off a vital organ.

-

Louis has been serving Zayn for two months now and the bastard didn’t even pay him!

…

He has been getting rockin’ sex but sex is tied to blood. Zayn would rile him up and grind their dicks together and bam! Naked snogging followed by rough vampire sex.

(He’s not complaining about the sex part.)

His brain chooses that night to reminisce his human life.


 



“You know I’ll always love you,” Liam, the kind-hearted lad Louis had been in love with all his life giggles at the promise. “Don’t leave me, please.”



“I can never leave you, babe,” Louis promised then, but that was before the curse Harry placed upon him.



As a witch, Louis could always sense the vampires around him but Harry… Harry was a conniving one that fooled and manipulated everyone. Louis thought Liam’s death was an accident, like, everyone dies from a fishing boat accident, right?



“You’re so stupid,” Louis remembers Harry’s last words to him, bleeding to death and awaiting the Angel’s touch. “If you ever find love again, I will find you and destroy it.”


 

Louis shakes his head to throw the thoughts off. God, he never wants to cry whilst in Zayn’s house.

“Babe?” Zayn hears his silent sobs nonetheless and wraps his sturdy arms around him. “Hey… it’s alright to cry…”

“I hate him,