Harry replies sheepishly as he steps around Liam to pull a few pots and pans out. “Niall’s on toast duty but he just keeps eating it.”

“Right, well that’s what you get for lettin’ him in the kitchen, mate.”

***

It takes them less than an hour to get breakfast cooked up and served out which is kind of incredible considering all that goes into a fry-up. Liam’s pouring teas, since he’s permanently assigned the tea-and-coffee-maker of the house, when he remembers that Zayn’s sleeping in his bed still. 

The boy grabs an extra mug from the back of the cupboard along with the box of English Breakfast and gets it steeping before taking Niall and Harry their cups. “Here you go, boys. Made to order just how y’like it.” Niall’s with three sugars, Harry’s with one and just a bit of milk. “Back in a mo’” He says, carrying the third mug of tea towards his bedroom. The tea’s just black with one sugar because that’s one of the most vivid things Liam can remember from the first day he and Zayn met. He nudges his bedroom door open with his hip, crosses the room and places the tea on the night stand. He contemplates just leaving Zayn asleep, the tea growing cold on where it sits and waiting for him to wake up on his own but at the last minute he changes his mind. 

Liam cautiously leans over Zayn, pressing the back of his hand to the boys’ cheek and stroking as gently as possible. “Zayn…” The boy doesn’t stir, so Liam just continues moving his hand. “Zayn, c’mon mate. Fried up a full english and there’s room at the table for ye.”

He let’s out a frustrated sigh, climbing over Zayn’s body and dropping into his bed. He causes it to shake a little, the motion stirring Zayn into consciousness long enough for the touch of Liam’s hands as they push the boy’s raven hair from his face to cause his eyes to open. 

“Li?” He says and the grogginess is in his voice again, “What bloody time is it?”

“Breakfast time, I made you a cuppa. We’ve got a fry-up in the kitchen if you’re hungry too.” Zayn nods slightly, sitting up and Liam follows his movement. “The tea’s on the nightstand, I left it black with one sugar ‘cos I think that’s how you take it.”

Zayn’s fingers curl around the handle of the mug as he pulls it to his face. He let’s the steam brush against his skin for a moment as he breathes in the aroma. The boy hums a gentle reply to Liam before taking a sip and letting his lips creep up into a smile. “‘s perfect. Good morning, Li”

“Morning,” He clears his throat awkwardly. Li. He keeps calling him that and Liam wishes that the nickname coming from Zayn wasn’t enough to turn his insides to mush but here he is, full of mush and watching Zayn’s adam’s apple bottom as he takes drinks from the tea that Liam’s just delivered him. In bed. In Liam’s bed.

“Whatever you’re eating out there smells great, by the way..”

“Got a full fry-up.” Liam’s smile crooks and he watches as the other boy’s eyes skim over it. “Plenty of room for you at the table.”

“Does it involve beans on toast?” Zayn asks in a small voice before taking another drink from his mug.

“‘Course it does. I’m gonna let you in on a secret, arligh’?” Zayn nods, pulling his eyebrows together as Liam drops his voice to a whisper. “I feel sexiest when I’m eating beans on toast.”

 

***

"So, Zayn. What brings you to Liam's bedroom this morning?" Harry asks, peering over the brim of his mug and Liam nearly chokes on his sausage as he does. 

Zayn's eyebrows crinkle as he glances over at Liam, like he's worried, like he's checking on the boy. "Uh, Liam was pretty far gone last night if I'm honest. Didn't quite want 'im wanderin' off on his own. Proper whined until I agreed to stay."

Niall and Harry coo in unison, causing Liam to slink down in his chair to avoid all of their eyes. He lets his eyes fall on Zayn, who's smiling along with Liam's flatmates and laughing slightly around his bite of toast. Their eyes meet for a moment and Liam's suddenly very warm. There's a kindness in Zayn's eyes that you wouldn't expect to see from someone covered in tattoos and scars and calluses and Liam feels like melting out of embarrassment and happiness at the same time. 

"Well t'ank you for gettin' our boy home safely