feel his cheeks are flushed at the movement. A pair of hands grip Louis’ waist securely as their bodies sway. “Call me Zee,” the bloke — Zee — whispers before he, yet again, disappears into the crowd.

-

“You’re such a teasing fuck,” Harry tells Zayn at their shift at Costa. “Really, you just grinded your dick against Prince Louis’ arse and walked away?”

“He’s hotter in person, okay?” Zayn presses his urge to hit Harry with the can of whipped cream. “And I told him I work at a café, how stupid am I?”

“There’s, like, a million cafés in London, he won’t find you that easily,” Harry reassures him. “Ooh, I met Liam yesterday!”

“Good for you,” Zayn pours the coffee for the drive-thru order. “Did you get his dick up your arse yet?”

“No,” Harry rolls his eyes. “But he liked talking to me. He’s gonna be the duke when his father dies, just imagine me as the duke’s husband!”

“Pace yourself, Harold,” Zayn hands the coffee to the driver. “So, do you think I should just reveal myself to the Prince?”

“Duh.”

-

“Will you please stop talking about that Harry bloke?” Louis groans at his friend. “You just met him.”

“Hypocritical much?” Liam raises a brow. “You’re quite smitten with that Zee bloke.”

“Alright, you can talk about Harry all you like then,” Louis finishes buttoning up his shirt. “If there’s more to how heavenly his curls are.”

“I’d love to pull at those curls as he blows me,” Louis chokes on air. “And I’m not kidding.”

“Why don’t you get his number and go on a date like normal people who fancy each other?” Louis suggests.

“Oh fine, I will.”

 

“You’re being bloody obvious that you’re waiting for me,” Louis laughs as he turns around to greet Zee. “Hello, your Highness.”

“Hello Zee,” Louis can imagine full lips under the silver mask with white markings. “Are you going to stay with me all night tonight? It’s my birthday, after all.”

“Is that your birthday wish?” Zee winds an arm around Louis’ waist, pulling him closer to his body. “If so, I’ll stay.”

“It is,” Louis wants to kiss Zee so bad.

“Alright,” Zee dips his head and nuzzles his mask-covered nose against his neck. “I’ll stay.”

“I want to see you without that mask,” Louis pouts.

“Maybe some other time,” Zee chuckles. “Happy birthday, your Highness.”

Zee pulls the mask up just enough to uncover his lips and kisses Louis’ cheek. Louis touches the spot Zayn just kissed, his face flushed like a schoolgirl who just got complimented by her crush.

“If only I could do everything I wanted to do with you…” Zee sounds like he’s talking more to himself than to Louis.

“Don’t leave me for tonight,” Louis gives the order to Zee. “That’s my birthday wish to you, remember?”

“What, are you suggesting we ditch the ball you organised so that we can shag or something?” Louis can see something snapping in Zee’s eye. “I won’t be used by a royalty.”

“I’m not — why do you think I’m using you?” Louis’ anger snaps. “Just because we’ve seen each other for three times doesn’t mean I can’t feel something for you.”

“Then good luck with them,” Zee whispers in his ear. “Because I don’t plan on falling for anyone.”

“If you leave, I swear I’ll have you beheaded,” Louis growls at the infuriating lad.

“This isn’t the fourteenth century, your Highness,” Zee rolls his eyes. “And lucky for you, I’m a man of my word.”

-

“So you spent the entire night with the Prince,” Harry chirps as he cleans the mugs. Zayn just wants to ignore the lad. “How was it?”

“We just danced and talked,” Zayn shrugs. “Did you see Liam?”

“Yeah, we exchanged numbers and shite.”

“‘Shite’ meaning exactly what?” Zayn gets a suspicious tug in his stomach.

“Just because Liam is close friends with Prince Louis doesn’t mean they’ll come to the café together, Zayn,” Harry rolls his eyes at him.

-

It’s the last night of the four-night-long masquerade, and Louis can’t find Zee at all. Liam gave him a sympathetic look, but didn’t say anything.

“Where are you?” Louis mumbles as the time passes by.

-

“Why are we doing an all-day shift when there are other people the manager could have called?” Zayn complains as he