laughs at Harry’s flushed cheek. “I was mates with Brad and he was already working for Zayn. Suggested me if I wanted extra money.”

Harry’s heart twists at the mention of Zayn’s name.

“Are you in love with our boss, Harry?” Niall asks, surprising Harry.

“No!” Harry replies too quickly. Damn, did my face drop when he mentioned Zayn?

“It’s not good for anyone if you are,” Niall continues like Harry didn’t say anything. “He’s very attractive, I know, but at the end of the day, he’s still our boss and you have your job.”

“I could quit,” ignoring my college debts, yes. “I could.”

“But you don’t want to do that,” Niall scoffs. “You’re in uni like me, and in need of money.”

“Ugh,” Harry replies. “Is it that obvious I love Zayn?”

“Kind of,” Niall shrugs. “You’re always looking at him with heart eyes.”

“Like you said, it’s stupid that I love our boss,” Harry sips his coffee again. “But I can’t stop my heart from feeling anything.”

“No one can.”

-

Harry doesn’t have a shift at the bakery but Zayn texted him saying that he has four clients tonight. He replies that he’ll be there soon and takes a cab to the brothel.

“You’re here early,” Zayn smirks at the younger lad. “What gives?”

“Nothing,” Harry mumbles his reply. “How can you be so beautiful?”

“Are you complimenting me just to get fucked by me before your appointment?” Zayn’s smirk only widens. “You only have to ask.”

“Oh,” Harry curses when Zayn gets close to him, the older lad’s breath fanning against his chin. “Is that so?”

“Do you?” Zayn’s words are a sexual purr. “Because I don’t have anything against fucking your pretty little arse.”

Harry worries his lower lip between his teeth as Zayn’s lips brush against his own. He doesn’t have the energy to push Zayn away when the older lad, his boss, kisses him. It’s hard and lustful from the get-go, teeth clashing violently. Harry moans into the kiss, one hand clutching at Zayn’s shirt, rustling it. Zayn hand gropes Harry’s arse, making him groan. The other lad easily picks Harry up and carries him to the bed in one of the rooms. Harry trails kisses to Zayn’s neck and kisses everywhere there, trying to find his soft spot. He smirks when Zayn lets out a particularly loud moan, knowing he found it. He licks and suckles on that spot as Zayn’s hands work to undo his jeans. He forewent his pants so he’s completely bare from waist down now. Zayn tugs at the bottom hem of Harry’s shirt, and the younger gets the message, pulling back from making a love bite on Zayn’s neck to let him pull his shirt off. He gets rid of Zayn’s clothes as well, marvelling at Zayn’s naked beauty. Zayn grabs a bottle of lube and coats his fingers with the slippery substance. Harry mewls when he feels Zayn’s fingers curled into his prostate, hardening him even more. Zayn preps him for couple minutes before pulling his fingers out, rolling a condom on his length, then pushes him without much warning. He just mewls at how forcibly Zayn is thrusting into his prostate, sucking on his neck to return the small favour. Harry wraps his legs around Zayn’s waist and arches his back, drawing him in deeper.

Harry releases between their bodies without Zayn having to jerk him off.

“You have to let it go, you know,” Zayn tells Harry as he knots the condom and throws it into the bin. “It’s not good for you.”

“Huh?”

“You bloody well know what I’m talking about,” Zayn throws Harry’s clothes at him, dressing himself in the jeans Harry saw him in merely half an hour ago, and leaves him to his thoughts.

-

“So Zayn knows, hm?” Niall smirks at Harry as they hang out at the park near Harry’s bakery. “You’re too obvious.”

“If it was too obvious, George would know about it too,” Harry sips at the frappucino he got before coming to the park. “But he does know something’s up with me.”

“What the hell am I supposed to do? ‘Hey boss, I think I love you but it’s complicated’?” Harry growls at his co-worker/sort of friend. “It’s not going to work out.”

“You can just quit being a prostitute and just go with your bakery job,” Niall shrugs.

“Oh yes, and lose the opportunity to earn lots of money per hour and way to pay my loans back,” Harry rolls his eyes