close, when he pulled off too suddenly. He slid away and stood up, I let out a strangled whimper (that had my cheeks heating up with an obvious blush) when he bent over to pick up his sweat pants. He just chuckled to himself and dug in his pockets for a moment before pulling out some lube and a condom. He walked back over and his dick was bouncing with every step and I. Wanted. Him. I needed him.

 He lubed up his fingers and I spread my legs a little wider. I was surprised when he mirrored my actions and began slowly tracing his hole with one of his lubed fingers. He slowly slid it in and hissed at the intrusion. He began pumping it in and out, getting used to the feeling, before adding a second finger, then a third. I knew he hit his hot spot when he let out a particularly loud moan, his back arched off the bed and he pushed his fingers deeper inside.

I loved the sight. I knelt between his legs, watching his fingers slide in and out. I grabbed the lube and condom. He pulled his fingers out. I gasped when he quickly sat up and pushed me back until I was lying down again. He opened the condom and my eyes closed as he rolled it down my dick. I felt him stroke me a few times to apply some lube. My eyes snapped back open when I felt him straddle me and hold my cock to his hole.

”What should I be yelling when I cum all over your stomach babe?” he asked with that rough, deep, lustful voice I realize I was beginning to enjoy too much.

 He was staring into my eyes when I gripped his hips and moaned when my tip brushed his hole. “M’names Louis,” I breathed out, he smirked. “And whaddya want me screaming when I’m cumming deep inside of ya?”

”You’ll be screaming Niall,” he whisper-moaned then sunk down so my tip was in his hot, tight hole. He lowered himself slowly until he was sitting on my hips.

”Ungh,” I moaned out. “You’re so damn tight.”

His fingernails dug into my chest as he balanced himself and began bouncing on my dick. It was so tight and so smooth inside of him. It was hot velvety flesh sliding around me as I gripped his hips again and thrust up to meet him when he bounced down. His moans were loud and filthy and just turned me on even more.

”Uhh, just like that,” he shouted loudly. His eyes were clenched shut, his dick bouncing up and down on my belly while he rode me. We were both breathless and moaning. Sweat was forming and dripping off of our bodies. I gripped his hips tighter and thrust up in a particularly hard thrust. His eyes instantly opened wide and met mine. My heart sped up as I looked into his eyes. I moaned out lowly again as we simultaneously started slowing our bodies. He bit his lip and I couldn’t take it anymore. I wrapped my arms around his back and stopped his movements, when I was fully inside of him again, and flipped us over so I was on top of him between his legs. He gripped my back, nails scratching my skin and gasped, not expecting the flip, as his back gently hit the bed without us losing contact. My eyes stayed locked with his the entire time.

Time seemed to slow down and my head was lightly spinning. I pulled out almost all the way, slowly pushed back in half way, and then snapped my hips forward the rest of the way, hitting his sweet spot dead on. I watched his body spasm in surprise, arch off of the bed, and his face. Oh God his face was so beautiful. His eyebrows furrowed, mouth open wide, whimpering and moaning. His chest was heaving with harsh breaths, stretching his pale skin gently. I suddenly had the urge to mark it, so I did. I dipped my head and began sucking in the middle of his chest, a few inches below his throat, biting gently then licking over the fresh mark. When I finished, and I was just smiling down staring at the mark I’d made, he slid his hands into my hair and tugged harshly, bringing my lips to his and sliding his tongue into my mouth.

I moaned into his mouth and he began moving his hips with mine, meeting me as I thrust into him. I broke the kiss for a breath and rested my forehead on his, looking into his eyes again. He linked his hands around the back of my neck, pulling me closer than before. I wasn't used to it. Clients usually treated me like shit, but not Niall. He was treating me like a person, making it enjoyable for me too and it was doing things to my heart that I knew shouldn't be happening. Especially not with a client. I continued pounding into his sweet spot, relishing in the moans and whimpers coming out of him. Still not breaking away from his eyes.