he continued in the calmest tone he could muster. “If you keep acting like this and trying to pet me or whatever, I am going to end up biting you. And if I do that, I’ll never forgive myself.”

“You’re not going to bite me!” Zayn insisted immediately.

And on it went, the same argument hashed out so many times over such a long period that Liam swears he could have rehearsed it in his sleep. Things only got slightly easier when the other boys came into their lives— Louis with his endless knowledge of the supernatural, Harry with his talent for spells, Niall with his patience and humor and unfailing determination.

But as much as they helped, Liam was still changing in a cage. He still spent one long, sleepless night each month consumed by the physical pain of the transformation, a voracious appetite, miserable claustrophobia, and the aching desire to properly be with his boyfriends. To feel their fingers carding through his hair without fearing for their safety.

It hadn’t been until Harry suggested that Liam might be calm enough not to need a cage at all, in the right environment and with the right precautions, that their apartment search had eventually, properly begun.

 

 

Liam drums his fingers against his thigh and checks his phone for the fourth time in as many minutes. The other boys are busying themselves with last-minute preparations. Louis warms up his blood for the night as Harry flits between rooms, murmuring to himself and adjusting candles to be just so. Zayn and Niall are taking turns between grilling meat for Liam once he’s changed and securing the last of the breakable furniture and valuables. Liam watches them all, feeling a mounting anxiety.

When Louis walks into the living room, nursing a hot mug, Liam takes his elbow and steers him into a corner.

“I can’t do this,” Liam says softly, ignoring the way that Louis’ eyebrows raise in response. “I just— I have to go. I can’t be here for this, I need to—”

“Whoa,” Louis says. “Just take a breath. What’s wrong? Is something off with the transformation?”

Liam shakes his head, glancing at where Harry is trying and failing to subtly listen in from another corner of the room. “No. But this was a bad idea. I could hurt you.”

Louis sets his mug down on the coffee table. “Liam, we’ve been over this. We’ve prepared for everything, we have backup plans.”

“I can’t gamble the people I’m in love with just to try to have a— a cushier night.” Liam can’t believe he ever agreed to this idea. How selfish did you have to be to want to risk killing your boyfriends so that you could be more comfortable as a wolf?

Louis is looking at Liam with an odd combination of irritation, concern, and thoughtfulness. A long moment of awkward silence stretches between them, until Louis finally breaks it.

“What do I have to do to convince you to try this?”

Once Louis’ words register, Liam sighs and checks his phone again. It’s too late for him to go somewhere else to change. He could chance it in the forest, but that would probably increase his odds of running into people, and unsuspecting civilians at that. Humans.

Liam glances up at where Zayn and Niall are carrying either end of the TV during its transfer from the living room to the bedroom. He looks back at Louis, who already has a knowing look in his eyes.

“Okay. One condition and I’ll do it.”

 

 

“This is bullshit,” Zayn says, and the way his arms are crossed over his chest only adds a mild bit of cute petulance to body language that is otherwise an indication that Zayn is on the verge of kicking their asses.

Liam opens his mouth to reply, but before he can, Louis has jumped in.

“Honestly, Zayn,” Louis says, rolling his eyes, and this is not going to end well. Not if the way Zayn’s eyes narrow in response is any indication. “I know you don’t like to hear it, but let’s face facts. You’re a small, delicate human. Look at yourself. Look at Niall, for that matter. If anything goes wrong with Liam, Harry and I can at least handle him. You two would be sitting ducks.”

Zayn uncrosses his arms and takes a few steps forward until he’s standing right in front of Louis. His chest is rising and falling with angry, rapid breaths. “I’ve been taking care of Liam during his transformations for years now. By myself for the majority of that time, and I somehow managed not to get mauled despite not having any other supernatural people to babysit me. Besides which—”

Liam reaches forward to gently take Zayn’s elbow. Zayn turns his furious gaze on Liam in a flash, but lets him tug Zayn in his direction.

“Babe,” Liam says softly. “You know that it was