pervert for you and your heavenly arse, Lou.” 

He smirked as Louis rolled his eyes and scrunched his nose up, “You know, they say chivalry is dead and then you come out with things like that and I know that I am clearly the luckiest bloke on earth.” 

Rather than reply, Zayn just kissed him again, his tongue swiping into Louis’ mouth without too much resistance from him. He fisted his hands into the messy hair and pulled him closer, Louis’ hands moving to hold his hips. 

Louis broke off with a small grin before flipping them and resuming the kiss. 

Zayn smirked, his hands pushing at the sides of Louis’ hoodie to try and slide it off him. When Louis realised he pulled back, his breath unsteady, but only slightly. “Presumptuous, Malik?” 

Smiling innocently, Zayn slid his hands down from Louis’ shoulders to sit in his back pocket, his fingers coming in touch with something foil. He cocked an eyebrow as he pulled out a small package of lube and waved it in Louis’ face with a teasing giggle. “Who’s presumptuous, again?” 

“Who says I was going to use that with you?” Louis leaned in to graze his teeth on Zayn’s neck, his hips rolling slowly against Zayn’s own. “Maybe I have a hot boy toy on the side.” 

Zayn pinched his arse, giving him a warning bite to the shoulder through his clothes. “Mine.” 

“Caveman.” 

“No, I’m Velma, remember?” 

“I hope Velma likes to give head, because poor lil’ Fred is starting to hurt.” 

Zayn slid his hand out of Louis’ pocket, shaking his head. “She doesn’t put small things in her mouth - choking hazard and all.” Zayn smiled sadly. 

Louis hit him in the arm, giggling. “Shut up.” 

“She’s not opposed to getting hot guys off with her fingers though.” 

Louis smiled, grinding down on Zayn again slowly. “That so?” 

“Yeah, but only if they do a little strip tease for her,” Zayn said seriously, his lips twitching in the effort not to laugh. 

Louis smirked, nodding seriously. “I think that can be arranged.” 

Zayn sat back on his elbows, watching intently as Louis started to pull his jackets off quickly. He tilted his head, nibbling at his bottom lip as Louis started to rock his hips to whatever song he was hearing in his head. His hands grabbed the bottom of his shirt, pulling it up slowly as he rolled his hips. 

If Zayn were to admit it, which he wouldn’t, he’d say his mouth watered as soon as he saw the sliver of golden skin that soon became Louis’ bare chest. 

“Okay, enough,” Zayn reached out to grab Louis’ hips, one hand sliding up to steady his back as he lowered him to lie down. His hands grabbed for his jeans, undoing them as quick as he could before he tugged them down. 

Louis coughed above him, and his gaze rose to meet his smirk. “That would probably work better if you took off my shoes first, you know?” 

Zayn rolled his eyes, slipping the shoes off Louis’ feet before the pants joined the rest of his clothes on the ground of the van. “I was getting there, you didn’t give me a chance.” 

“I’m sure you were love, now how about those fingers?” 

“Can you get on your front? It’s easier.” Zayn asked, his fingers tracing up and down the soft inside of Louis’ thigh. 

A heavy sigh filled the van and Louis grabbed for the cushion Zayn had been using earlier, sliding it under his hips as he rolled onto his front. “This better be worth the effort.” 

Zayn rolled his eyes fondly, pressing a small kiss to the skin between Lou’s shoulderblades. His hand reached for the little package of lube and then his fingers were slicked up and pressed to Louis’ entrance. 

Louis’ breath hitched, and his hips rolled back almost on auto-pilot. “Please, Zayn, just do it.” 

His finger breached him slowly, meeting small resistance as he pushed it in to the final knuckle. “Shit, did you do this recently?” 

Louis hummed, his body lax. “Yeah, this morning,” his body clenched on Zayn’s finger, and Zayn knew it was on purpose when he heard Louis’ soft giggle, “I wanted to be ready for if you fucked me in the back.” 

Zayn groaned, his finger moving inside of Louis teasingly slow. “Shit, Lou.” 

“Come on, just do another, one’s boring.” 

Zayn laughed, pulling his finger out and pressing back in with two. “You’re so bossy, you know that?” 

Louis just moaned in response, his hips rolling back on Zayn’s finger and then down onto the cushion. “Zayn, fuck me,” he whined softly, fists trying to clench in the material of the couch. 

Taking his cue, Zayn started to thrust his