by him. Niall shook his head.

"Why not?" Harry asked, looking confused. "At least come over here. We're all on this side of the room." Niall's throat closed up and he couldn't speak. Nothing would come out.

"Niall?" Zayn finally spoke, but Niall only panicked more at the sound of his voice. "Why won't you move?"

"I can't," Niall finally whispered. Zayn's eyes traveled downward to his arm and Niall felt tears forming. 

"Niall, show me your arm," Zayn said lowly. The other three were silent, watching with worried eyes. Niall shook his head.

"I can't," he said again. Zayn pushed of from the wall, stepping toward him. "Zayn, stop..." Niall tried to shrink further into the corner, but Zayn didn't stop until he was in front of Niall. Niall felt the tears falling and cursed his own stupidity. 

"Let me see." Zayn reached for the arm behind Niall and Niall shook his head.

"Zayn, no! Please..." He sobbed as Zayn grasped his upper arm, pulling his arm out in front of him. Harry cried out, turning away as blood dripped on Zayn's shoe. Niall turned, covering his face with his other hand and sobbing. Now they would leave...now he would be all alone. 

Suddenly he was pulled forward and Zayn was holding him close, tears that weren't his own falling on his neck and shoulder. The other three stood and soon he was in the middle, his four best friends enveloping him in a hug. An unspoken message seemed to go between Liam, Louis, and Harry, because they pulled away and left, the door shutting softly. Zayn pulled away and turned, walking into the bathroom and coming back with some gauze. 

It was quiet, too quiet, and Niall was still fearful. Zayn sat him on the bed and began to clean his arm.

"Sorry," he whispered as Niall hissed at the sting. He finally looked up as he began wrapping the gauze. "How long, Niall?"

"Four months," Niall said numbly, wishing Zayn would just leave and not drag this out- not make him think that maybe he would stay. 

"Four months?" Zayn's voice cracked and Niall saw that his eyes were full of tears again. "I'm sorry Niall...I'm so sorry."

"Why are you sorry?" Niall whispered. "It's my fault. I'm the one that's just not good enough."

"Who ever said that?" Zayn asked, eyes sparking with anger. Niall drew back and Zayn's face softened as he resumed bandaging Niall's arms. 

"Everyone says it...they all hate me. I don't deserve my part here, Zayn. And I should leave." Zayn finished his left arm, dropping the gauze and closing his eyes for a moment. 

"They're idiots, Niall," he said. "Hey- look at me." Gentle fingers lifted up his chin and he met Zayn's eyes. "So many people love you- so many more than people that hate you. And they don't hate you, not really. They're just jealous and bitter at the world, Niall. They can't see how perfect you are." Niall tilted his head down, covering his face so Zayn wouldn't see the tears. He took a shuddering breath.

"But they're right, Zayn. and I am far from perfect. I've never deserved anything you have given me. You've all been so kind and put up with me and-"

"Stop!" Zayn looked pained, as if he'd been slapped in the face. "'Put up with you?' That's ridiculous, Niall! I WANT you here- no, I NEED you here. I'm nothing without you, Niall. With or without the band. I- what you see doesn't exist. There is no Niall Horan in any universe or lifetime that is imperfect and undeserving and just not good enough. There is no one I would rather sing with or laugh with or just spend time with than you. Why do you do this?"

"Because I don't deserve you, Zayn!" Niall cried, pulling back. "You're just perfect and you sing and everyone loves you, including me, and you are so kind and so talented and so attractive that everyone loves you and can't help but compare you to the worthless, untalented boy that you hang out with." 

"Oh Niall..." Zayn's face was teartracked as he looked at the frail blonde. "What have they done to you?"

"Nothing," Niall insisted. "I've done it to myself by just being me. I tried to change for you all...I didn't want to make people dislike you too."

"But I don't want you to change," Zayn blurted out.