t said? 


Liam pads through the hallway towards the kitchen, past the photos and drawings that Zayn had tacked to the wall because he didn’t want to wait for them to buy the proper sized frames. The scent of coffee lingers in the kitchen, his coffee pot being set on a timer because the smell of coffee seems to wake Zayn up better than anything else.

It is interesting to him, how they are as alike as they are different. Liam being able to wake the moment the sun peeks over the horizon but Zayn clings onto his sleep until noon. How Zayn can lay there for hours even when awake but Liam gets restless unless he has Zayn there with him. But they both need one foot under the sheets and one in the cool air, and neither one can sleep as well without the other anymore. Liam wakes up throughout the night when Zayn isn’t beside him, and he knows Zayn is the same because he always wakes up to text messages sent in the middle of the night of Zayn telling him in his Zayn way that he is thinking about him -

Liam pours Zayn a cup of coffee and snatches a box of Zayn’s favorite cereal before padding back towards their bedroom. He finds Zayn on his back, fingers laid out on his chest and mouth opened wide. He eyes the ink scattered across his torso and the way the morning sun glows against his skin as he places the coffee and cereal on his night stand. There are mouth shaped bruises staining his collarbone from the night before, when Liam wanted to burn his touch into Zayn’s skin so he can feel it while he is gone.


And tender touches, just to show you how I feel,  or should I act so cool like it was no big deal?


Liam traces a finger across Zayn’s jaw, feeling the scratchy stubble there that had burned across his thighs the night before. Zayn’s nose wrinkles again, thick brows pushing together and fingers scratching at his chest before he exhales.

Liam exhales too, still so overwhelmed that these are moments he gets to experience, countless times. Overwhelmed by the feeling in his chest that he swears one day he is going to overdose on. A feeling that Zayn had promised that would never go away the night before, when they spoke about forever and how Zayn couldn’t fathom Liam not being apart of that.


Wish I could freeze this moment in a frame and stay like this, I’ll put this day back on replay and keep reliving it - 


Liam sits on the bed, carefully resting back beside Zayn. He grazes his lips to Zayn’s shoulder, sliding his fingers up Zayn’s arm to tangle with the hand on his chest. Zayn hums something, a vibration in his throat as his head turns towards Liam, cheek resting against his pillow.

“Baby,” Liam whispers against his skin. It is far too quiet to actually wake him up, but he whispers it again, easing kisses up his shoulder. He hopes Zayn can feel he puts all of his love into his fingertips and tries to coat Zayn's skin with it. “My love.”


‘Cause here’s the tragic truth if you don’t feel the same, my heart would fall apart if someone said your name -


He wants Zayn to stay here for the rest of the day, secure in their sheets and not boarding that dumb plane that will take him across the ocean, thousands of miles away. Even if it is for a short time and Zayn will call him eighty times a day because he knows he needs it, it isn’t the same as being pressed against each other. On tour, he always craved their breaks when it got closer to them, but he could only go a day without needing to be right next to Zayn again -

Liam slides his palm across Zayn’s cheek, cupping his jaw and grazing a thumb against his skin. Zayn’s nose wrinkles again, brows pushing together and it makes Liam smile, the way his face looks so much like it did when they first met when he sleeps - younger, quieter, innocent. They were both like that when they met, quiet and shy, glancing around with flushed cheeks while the others were loud and confident around them. The quiet ones -

Until Zayn knocked his shoulder against Liam’s, an overwhelmed look on his face as he bit at his already raw lips. “Bit crazy, innit? All this?”

Liam had frowned, glancing at the menu over the counter, not realizing Zayn meant the show and not the restaurant. “It’s just McDonalds. I was hoping we would go to KFC, to be honest.”

There had been a few more awkward conversations after that until they found the comfort they have now, becoming nearly inseparable because there was just something different about him and Zayn, different than his relationships with the other boys or the friends he had from back home. He just kept it to himself, fearful that the feeling would be unrequited.


I hope I’m not a casualty, hope you won’t get up and leave. Might not