to repeat yourself but yeah, I know a thing or two about the Night Creatures,” Niall can’t help but smile at the adorableness of the green-eyed beauty. “I’m Niall.”

“Call me Harry,” the bloke — Harry — extends an arm. “Thank you for saving me from those, I guess, vampires.”

“Well, two of them were demons but welcome,” Niall takes the hand and that’s the second mistake. As soon as their hands meet, he feels an electric jolt shooting up his spine. “What were you doing alone?”

“Stupid reasons,” Harry tells with the faintest trace of a blush. “I’ll tell you in another time.”

“Well, you can add another to the list of stupid things ‘cos I think I’d like to get you hot cocoa or something,” Niall smiles at Harry. “Chocolate helps you calm down your nerves.”

“With someone as cute as you, I can’t say no,” Harry chagrins. Niall notes in the very back of his mind that he looks like the Cheshire cat from Alice in Wonderland. “I reckon you’re buying?”

“Yeah.”

-

“No, George, I do not need more nectar, gods,” Louis growls when his personal servant, a young faerie only by age of eighty-seven in human years, brings him a glass of the said liquid. “I just want Zayn to come here today.”

“King Zayn sent a messenger who told me His Highness can’t make it today,” George looks apologetic and scared at the same time. Since Louis is next in line for the throne, he bloody should be. “He sent for you that the best he can do is maybe come here at dawn.”

“Well, send for him back that I need his flaming arse in my palace tonight,” Louis snaps at the poor faerie. It’s not the foetus’ fault that Zayn is caught by his work. “And you need to bring more feathers for my Nefertiti.”

The lénoa looks up from her grooming when her name is mentioned. Being a magical creature, the feline animal understands human speech perfectly. She pads over to Louis and nuzzles at his thigh with her fuzzy head.

“Yes, your Grace,” George bows his head respectfully. The icicles forming at the feet of him shows that George is tad bit annoyed. “I will be back shortly.”

Louis doesn’t know how, but he has a talent of setting people off without even trying. The only person — or faerie, for that matter — who doesn’t is Zayn. Mayhaps because Zayn is in love with him.

Louis reaches over to the bedside table and plucks a single grape from the bundle when he feels a presence of someone inside his head.

“Zaynie!” Louis practically shouts in the telepathic link. “I thought you were busy?”

“I still am, ugh,” Zayn sounds super-disgruntled. “I just need to deal with the case of empousai and then I can return to your loving embrace.”

“The empousai? The vampires who can walk in daylight?” Louis is really surprised. “I thought they were all locked up in Tartarus?”

“Some rogue witch freed them, fuck it, really,” Zayn grunts again. “One of the empousai came directly to my kingdom.”

Empousai are the vampires who can walk in daylight and once they reach a certain age, they can shape-shift into animals. Deadly is the understatement of the century.

Louis wants to add something but the connection breaks without much warning. He can sense the distant fear from Zayn.

What’s happening to Zayn?

-

Niall lives alone.

So waking up to a warm body next to his with the sunlight seeping through his window is really a shocker.

“The fuck?” Niall scoots from the warmth and ends up fall off the bed. “Ugh.”

“Not a morning person?”

Niall remembers Harry now. He remembers saving his arse from a group of vampires and demons and Niall offered to take him to café for some hot cocoa. They ended up talking for ages and since it was really late, Niall took Harry home.

It’s also the first time Niall took someone, never mind a stranger, home. He isn’t too sure about Harry, but he knows there’s some sort of connection between the two of them.

“You fell asleep mid-sentence,” Harry supplies, oblivious to the fact that they’re both only clad in their boxers. “You were describing some gruesome battle with a vampire and you just zonked out.”

“Great,” Niall just buries his head into the sheets in front of him. “Just kill me and end my miseries.”

“You saved my life so I can never kill you.” Niall thinks Harry’s eyes change colours to aqua-blue for a split second but dismisses the thought.

“You owe me big time, I guess, but I’m a Hunter. It’s my duty to save people from those nasty creatures,” Niall offers a smile to Harry. “