hard at his friend. “Okay, maybe I would.”

“See? That’s the power of Mating Pull,” Zayn looks at the barely-cooked steak on the pile of freshly cooked ‘snacks’. Wolves have higher metabolism than other supernatural creatures. “I want to surprise Harry with something.”

“Your dick won’t do it,” Louis grins.

“Yeah, how was the good old doggy-style for you last night? The entire pack heard how loud you were,” Zayn remarks with the price of a cushion to his head. “Back to business, I want to surprise him.”

“Well, you can take him out on a date on the neutral zone,” Louis thinks with his brain for once. “That way, no one dies.”

“True but where in the many neutral zones is important,” Zayn eyes his best friend.

“There’s only one.”

 

-

 

“This is a castle,” Zayn feels dumbfounded. “Vampires live in a castle?”

“Not fair, I know,” Louis mumbles his agreement. “The neutral zone is their backyard.”

“What?”

“There’s on neutral zone in our forest too,” Louis rolls his sardonic blue eyes. “Now go see your lover!”

 

Louis moves away from the castle at a super-speed.

 

“Bitch,” Zayn growls under his breath as Harry walks out to the balcony, then spots him. “Hi love.”

“What are you doing here?” Harry asks the most important question in his mind. “This is—oh, I can smell Louis.”

“You aren’t so fond of him,” Zayn reminds him. And neither am I at the moment. “This is a neutral ground.”

“Haven’t you heard the Council lately?” Harry’s green eyes flash with worry. “They halved the neutral zones due to complaints of the wolves losing hunting grounds.”

“So they un-neutralised this one, how adequate,” Zayn growls at the realisation what really happened. “So where am I supposed to meet you now?”

“Not here.”

 

The cold voice alone alerts Zayn, and the power that comes from it is an added bonus. He’s forced to look up to a blond vampire with aged eyes.

Not in the sense of old and fragile but in sense of powerful and experienced.

 

“I take it that you’re the infamous Niall,” Zayn snickers, earning a warning glance from Harry. “Pleased to meet you.”

“I’m not, Immortal Blood wolf,” Niall spits the word like it’s venom; Harry looks confused.

“It’s not even confirmed,” Zayn sounds small and he hates that. It’s true that no one knows if he is really of the immortal blood but it’s a possibility. “No one knows for sure.”

“Which is why the Vampire Council wants to recruit you,” Niall announces too blatantly. “Imagine the power you can get from both wolf and your vampire strength.”

 

“There’s a catch,” Zayn scowls at the first ever turned vampire. “You want something back from me.”

“Other than your horridly delicious smelling blood?” Niall cackles like a maniac. “You need to become your pack’s Alpha.”

“You want me to kill Liam,” Zayn rephrases Niall’s request. “What do you gain from it?”

“I don’t,” Niall grins evilly. “You’ll unlock your powers of Immortal Blood if you do so.”

 

-

 

“So you’re going to do it?” Harry is in his misty form, meaning no one can see, hear, or smell him unless he wills so. “Unlimited power… that’s tempting.”

“What do you know about Immortal Blood?” Zayn has the right to be curious.

“Vampires are extents of Immortal Blood,” Harry’s mist shifts around like he just shrugged. “Incredible speed, strength, and everything, pretty much. To acquire such power, you have to kill someone of power.”

“So Liam is the sacrificial wolf here,” Zayn feels guilty. “But the question is: How does Niall know that I’m an Immortal Blood?”

“He’s from the bloodline himself,” Harry sounds impatient. “He was the first-ever Immortal Blood, actually. Seduced by the Goddess herself.”

“Sounds like… fun,” Zayn has no other word to describe it. “How’d it go?”

“Niall had the strength to fight off at first,” Harry sounds excited now—oh joy. “Being the Child of a War God, he fought off the first two times. The last, however, she used a dirty trick of seduction. It went in, and Niall woke up with newfound strength and unquenched thirst.”

 

“So you came back,” Liam sounds amused—surprised even—and gives him a courtesy chin-nod. “Anything I should know?”

“Niall is an Immortal Blood,” Zayn does his damnedest not to sound edgy for two things; how open Louis and Liam seem, and the fact he isn’t the only Immortal