, Batman, the avengers, spiderman, there’s a lot mate.

A few moments later, another message came in.

Anon: Cool, We have almost the same faves. Why’d you pick them? -aha! :)x

Liam answered back with a long ass reply on how every character was special in their own way and how they related to him in life. He dearly hoped that the anon would not rate him off as weird after that.

Liam waited for another message from the same anon. He waited and waited but a new message from aha! :)x never came. Maybe he scared the anon off.

Way to go Liam, he scolded himself and decided to log off because his mood was ruined.

 



 



 

The next morning, Liam opened Tumblr with the hope that maybe, just maybe the anon had come back. He wasn’t disappointed. 

Anon: ah sorry for the late reply mate. got caught up in sumthing. glad that u know ur superheroes and im very imprssed with it - aha! :)x

Liam smiled so broadly that his cheeks could split into two. He typed back, well mr. im very impressed, why don’t u come off anon so we can talk proper, yeah?

The anon sent him a new message almost instantly, as if he had been waiting for Liam to reply. 

Anon: Nah ‘m a little shy around people, especially cool ones like you -aha! :)x

Liam bit his lip to stop himself from letting out a dreamy sigh. This anon flattered him so much. He said that he was too shy around cool people like Liam? Liam is cool? Liam couldn’t believe that someone thought he was cool. Now Liam felt a bit shy and nervous. He desperately wanted the guy to come off anon but he didn’t want to pressure him and scare him away. It might even be that the guy doesn’t have an account. So, Liam decided that he would settle with the way they were now.

 



 



 

A few weeks later, Louis had tagged Liam in what was called a ‘transformation challenge’. Apparently, what you had to do was post some of your baby photos, your childhood photos and a photo of you now. Louis had been tagged by Harry and did as told, posting a few cute photos of his childhood and one of him now with his middle finger pointed at the camera in an attempt to regain his manliness. He also inserted a caption of ‘don’t call me cute or I’ll castrate ya’ and tagged Liam to do the challenge. As if Louis knew that Liam was reading his post, a text popped up in his phone. 

Tommo : You better do it mate or I’ll burn all your comics starting from batman. Love, Lou.

Liam had nothing against the challenge or the fact that it promoted body positivity and self love. It’s just that the anon from way back that hated him kind of bothered him and he didn’t want to bother anyone in that way again. But then, he figured that he loved his comics more than that anon so he decided to do the challenge anyway. 

Digging through his old photos, Liam found a few decent photos of when he was little and posted them with one of his proudest selfies. He tagged Louis so that the lad would see and captioned that anyone who wanted to do the challenge was allowed to do it. 

Louis later reblogged the post and added, aw my baby Lima bean grew up. I am so proud, harreh bring me a box of tissues. I’m starting to sweat through my eyes.

After Louis reblogged it, that post exploded on the internet. His notes were climbing (almost one thousand now- scratch that, it already surpassed that one), the statistics growing higher and higher. Not only that, his follower count was growing too and so did his messages. Half were anonymous and half were not. 

A lot of them were praising his growth, saying that puberty had hit him well. Some of them were crude-r than the others and it made him blush reading them. Some of the messages, mostly anon, were filled with hate but Liam chose to ignore them again. He searched through his messages and finally found the one that he was looking for.

Anon: How can you be so cute and so hot at the same time like seriously? It’s not fair for the rest of the world babe -aha! :)x

Liam grinned and he started to feel things because in his mind, that anon fancied him though it might not be true and he was just complimenting Liam but whatever. Liam messaged him back with a ‘thank you’. He scrolled through his messages and found that most of the people that followed him had done so because he was hot.

Liam didn’t mind that as long as they weren’t annoyed by his geeky side. 

 



 



 

It has been a month and a half since Liam had gotten a Tumblr. His followers count was still climbing due to that one particular post. Liam didn’t really care, as long as