re too predictable.”

“What about now?”

“‘You were mine for the summer and now that it’s starting again, I want to steal your heart and—’” Zayn stops before he speaks his own mind. “Nothing won’t be stolen, I promise.”

“You two are disgusting,” Zayn scoffs, reminding himself how Louis whines about not having enough roasted nuts during movie nights. “How am I paired with you again?”

“I am the chosen one,” two books fly towards him. “Ow?”

“Back to point one,” Louis looks more stable now that civilisation is back in the view. “Which hotel are we getting into?”

“The cheapest one,” Zayn says in a ‘duh’ voice. “That way, we can blame the mechanics for shitty toilets.”

“He means the wifi,” Louis replies with a fake apologetic tone.

“Toilets come with wifi now?” Zayn asks in a super-sarcastic way.

“You two come up with the weirdest codes,” Harry shakes his head, getting his luggage out of the boot. “Tell me why I met you again?”

“It was summer and I thought I got what I wanted and—”

“Save it for the bed,” Zayn presses his forefinger to Harry’s soft lips.

 

They share a double room, Louis on the sofa bed and Harry and Zayn each getting a bed in theory. It ends with Louis having the smaller bed and Harry and Zayn making out on the larger one. Louis is fast asleep, his diva pink eye cover and fluffy earmuffs blocking out what Zayn intends to do.

“You finger yourself to Jake Bass,” Zayn is amused by Harry’s personal facts. “That should be me you’re fucking yourself to.”

“Too bad, Bieber,” Harry groans at the invasion of his privacy. “It’s not like you never tossed to his amazing bottom-ness.”

“True.”

Zayn proceeds into peeling the t-shirt from Harry’s torso, laughing at the butterfly tattoo. Harry is quick to hit Zayn with the pillows, who grabs the younger’s wrists and crowds him into the mattress.

“Want to try that again, darling?” Zayn asks in his dangerous tone. “Good.”

 

Harry doesn’t struggle at all, his cute giggles uncounted. Right now, Zayn’s hands are on either side of those perfect porcelain skin, engraving crescents to remind who he belongs to, heart and soul.

“I love you,” Zayn nuzzles his nose along Harry’s pale neck, his breaths coming in pants. “I thought I’d never find you again.”

“Promise you’ll always find me,” Harry sounds distant now. “That you’ll never let our love go.”

“I promise I’ll always find you,” Zayn vows to his only love, his heart. “Now let me love you.”

 

This is it, Zayn’s subconscious is thrilled. This is the moment I claim my soul-mate.

“Will you do it?”

Zayn scrambles off of Harry’s body, whilst the other uses the bed sheets to cover himself.

“Who the fuck are you?” Harry is quick to brandish the most avail weapon, which loosely translates into his iPhone 5C.

“Chill, I’m just a friendly angel passing by,” the bloke has yummy biceps and puppy-like brown eyes. “Angels aren’t violent by nature.”

“This reminds me of that stupid book series,” Zayn taps his stubble-covered jaw. “hush hush?”

“I’m very much real, thanks for the rudeness,” Liam actually flutters something, making feathers fall from the ceiling. “Forgot to mention, my wings are invisible unless I’m pissed at something.”

“I thought angels weren’t violent by nature?”

Great, Louis is awake.

“Louis!” Liam greets in a super-genial way. “I thought these idiots wouldn’t let me help them.”

“Why would Louis care?” Harry narrows his eyes, his iPhone lowered.

“Louis is half-angel, I thought you knew?” Liam looks surprised.

“That explains why demons hate him,” Zayn reasons. “I thought he was uninitiated when I first met him.”

“I don’t have my wings yet,” Louis rolls his eyes, his eyes burning like twin sapphires. “This idiot, my half-brother by creation, thought my father could hide me forever.”

“Your half-sisters aren’t angels?” Zayn scratches his brows with his middle finger.

“They’re mortals,” Louis hisses, that bright light thing happening again. “Oh, I control the electric currents, by the way.”

“Awesome,” Zayn mutters before passing out.

-

“Zayn, you big lump head,” Louis swearing is the first thing Zayn hears as he tries to wake up the normal way. “I swear, your boyfriend is a cereal hoarder! My Choco Puffs are gone!”

“Louis, I will slap you silly,” Harry retorts, his mouth full of those aforementioned cereal. “Let me eat—