has a couple of Vampire Diaries episodes so she watches those, and then the True Blood, and she even forces her way through the first episode of season 3 of Sherlock because it hurts her head enough to mask the rest of the pain.

Avengers 2 is next, but she has to stop because it reminds her of Bree and that weird RPF Ara wrote once about she and Bree, living in New York together and living life the way they both wanted.

It’s not happening anymore.

I am Kate, she thinks, and Archangel.

It’s like two end pieces of a jigsaw puzzle, irreconcilable.

 

~

 

It’s hard to pull herself out of the production of Les Misérables,.  It’s even harder to say goodbye to all of her friends in a way that isn’t going to freak them out, and it’s not like she’s dead.

But something’s happening – God’s sake, the gate of Hell was broken open, and though her dreams are telling her it was closed, finally, she’s not stupid or selfish enough to think that that’s the end.  This is the beginning, and the flood of conversation between the Host is evidence of that.

She’s not stupid enough to open herself up to that, though; not with who she is (human) and who she’s determined to stay if it kills her (Kate).

Packing was something she’d thought would be harder than it turns out to be.  Kate has a lot of stuff, but when it gets down to it she doesn’t take much.  Just things she needs – clothes, toiletries, basic makeup (angel or not she needs her makeup) – and things she needs.

Her guitar, her macbook.  That folder that’s sort of accumulated over the years full of letters and notes from family and friends.

The dagger her brother got her for her birthday; sentimental and useful, the best kind of packing.

Stealing a car is easiest of all, and Kate can’t even bring herself to feel bad about it as she drives away in the night, her Phantom of the Opera soundtrack playing in the car.  She sings both the Phantom and Christine in the theme song, gets the E6, and feels a bit better.

Following Sam and Dean’s thread isn’t particularly hard.  It’s just kind of creepy, weird because the whole metaphysical spiritual thing doesn’t actually work when she tries to put it into the GPS on her iPhone, and most importantly, long.

Also, road-tripping by herself isn’t anywhere near as fun as she thought it was.

Kate does find them eventually though, about fifteen hours away in South Carolina.  By this point she’s had three people try to mug her as she was leaving diners and roadside cafés and getting into her car.

So maybe not all of her powers work, but a few do.

Kate’s not entirely sure what to think of that.

In any case, it’s a small suburban sort of thing where she finds them; not quite as big as Parramatta was, more like Quakers Hill with the quiet family feel.  It makes her curious as to what sort of monster the Winchesters are hunting this time.

She follows the thread to a motel, quiet with a Vacancies sign that Kate’s not entirely sure is necessary, since it’s pretty obvious they don’t exactly have a waiting list.

Her hand trembles as Kate knocks, slow and tentative

Dean’s frowning when he opens the door and she can’t help comparing his face now to the one she saw a few months ago.  There are more lines on his skin, lines of weariness, and his eyes are tired, a strange mix of defeat and defiance.

Still, after a moment of confusion – probably trying to figure out who I am – and a flicker of surprise – it is pretty far from New York – he smiles at Kate the same way he did last time, warm, open, and flirtatious with the barest hint of arrogance.  “Didn’t get enough of me in New York?”

He’ll be fine, she thinks, feels bad for doubting.  “Hey,” Kate smiles tentatively, “um, I…I need some help.”

Another flicker of expression that’s too fast for her to catch and then he steps back, waves her in.

Kate’s two steps through the doorway when Sam lunges at her from the side and pins her by her shoulders to the door that Dean’s slammed shut, behind her.  Her hand scrabbles for the doorknob long enough to realise that it’s locked before Sam pulls her away, and Dean cuffs her hands behind her back.

Iron, the it thinks with contempt as they push her towards a chair, sit her down, Sam still gripping tight while Dean loads a gun, iron won’t hold me.

Kate tries not to be scared (not for herself but them because God she’s not human), tries to stay calm while staring upwards through the barrel