haven’t had the occasion.”

His heart fluttered in his chest and the words ‘good-looking’ hummed around in his head. It was silly and he felt like a schoolboy with a crush but he held onto that small thing, just one small piece of something.

He looked back over at Dean, whose eyes were once again glued to the television as Dr. Sexy himself strode onscreen, wearing his cowboy boots which Cas found completely silly and altogether non-sexy. However, he couldn’t deny his own crush on Alec, the bad boy with a heart of gold and a troubled past. Cas ignored the urge to look over at Dean again. He knew he had a type.

 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 


December 14, 2016


 

Castiel’s hands gripped the side of the ICU bed and the ECMO cart as they pushed Sam quickly towards the OR, alarms sounding on the portable monitor.

“What the fuck happened,” he hissed at the nurse jogging to catch up to them with Sam’s chart.

“Don’t act so high and mighty Clarence, you’re not the only one around here who cares about our ECMO patients,” she spat out. “He started to desaturate again, his inspiratory rate increased and by the time the respiratory guys got here, it sounded like Sam was gagging on his trach.”

“Why the hell wasn’t I paged?”

Meg tossed the chart on the end of the bed as she helped push the bed down the hallway. “Because you’re not the perfusionist for this case today,” she said, exasperated. “I only called you because his brother wouldn’t calm down until I did.”

Cas tried to ignore her probing look, just as he ignored her every time she called him a different name as if they hadn’t both started working here at the same time together last year. He also couldn’t help wondering why in hell it was taking his co-worker, Michael, so damn long to get to the hospital.

“Who placed the trach yesterday?” Cas was kicking himself for having the day off, for enjoying it and spending most of the day curled up on his couch with his dog, marathoning Battlestar Galactica. He felt guilty.

“Who do you think? That asshole Crowley. He’s always in a rush to get out of here.” It wasn’t a secret that Meg hated him. In fact, most of the staff hated him. His work was sloppy, his patient’s always bled, and he was the least likely to answer the phone in the middle of the night if a patient was spiraling.

Castiel grimaced as he looked over at Sam, his face colorless. He’d only gotten there in time to see Sam get sedated once more in an effort to calm his breathing. He’d looked like he was choking on his trachea tube, which of course wouldn’t make sense unless it was placed wrong. Which was the unspoken concern, along with the warning lights that said lawsuit.

They moved quickly once they entered the OR suite. The whole reason they had moved from intubation to tracheostomy was a safety precaution in case Sam de-saturated for any reason, they’d have an open airway. The trach wasn’t supposed to be the thing to cause a problem. Cas watched as the anesthesiologist fumbled with it, trying not to misalign it any further.

It wasn’t like Sam’s body wasn’t being oxygenated, that was the whole point of ECMO, but the violent and fast breaths he took had increased his metabolic rate exponentially as he became more agitated. His saturations had dropped and they were afraid of bleeding around the trach site. Cas was more afraid that all the movement had misaligned the cannula in Sam’s neck, which could be a much larger problem.

He took a deep breath and began to collect his thoughts, ignoring his own nagging worries about Sam and about Dean. He hadn’t seen Dean. By the time Cas arrived, Dean had been ushered away into the family area. He couldn’t think about that.

Instead, he focused on the relief he felt when Dr. Mills walked in, already scrubbed and ready to start prepping the patient. She was all business, didn’t like to waste time, and didn’t mind getting in there to help out the techs and nurses. She’d been a PA first and then went to medical school. If there was anyone who he trusted, it was her.

“Castiel,” she said sharply, bringing his attention back to reality. “What are the flows?”

“He’s getting about three liters now, but it’s down from this morning where he was at four and a half.”

“Fluid-related?”

Cas shrugged his shoulders. “It could be, if there’s internal bleeding around the trach.”

She looked back again at Sam as she finished gowning. Cas knew he had to speak up, it was up to him to bring their attention to any issues. He had to get over his nerves and anxiety about being the new guy