an avid hunter, but during those months, he went after monsters, hell-bent. Many times, Sam had to drag Dean away and put the bastard out of its misery. Dean would just storm off to find another one, even with his knuckles bruised and bloody. 

It ripped Sam to shreds. 

While Dean went on his tirades, Sam continued to call hunters for updates and making more missing people reports. After three months, he started checking morgues without telling Dean. That went on for a little while, but not too long.

“Where were you?” Dean asked as Sam walked back into the Batcave, late once again. It wasn’t mean, just confused. Still, Sam sighed.
“Out,” he said, throwing his things on the couch and going for a beer. 

“You went out?” Dean raised an eyebrow and twisted at the waist to see his brother better. “You’ve been doing that a lot lately. Got a girlfriend you’re not telling me about or something?”

Sam looked over at Dean, and for a moment, considered saying ‘yes’. How much easier that would be. But he couldn’t lie to Dean. He could never lie to Dean again. 

“No,” he said, glancing down at his feet. “I was at a morgue.”

“A morgue?” Dean asked, the look of confusion growing on his face. “Was there some weird murder?”

“No, Dean,” Sam said, leaning against the wall. He still couldn’t look at his brother.

“Sammy, what aren’t you telling me?” Dean got up slowly and walked over to his brother. “Sammy?”

“I was looking for Cas.”

Dean stopped dead in his tracks and stared at Sam. For a long moment, neither said anything. Sam dared a glance up at Dean. His brother’s jaw was tense and his eyes narrowed as he turned his head away. The corners of his lip turned down as anger set over his face. 

“Dammit, Sam!” he snapped as he threw his beer bottle to the ground. “Cas isn’t dead!”

“Dean, we don’t know that,” Sam said, trying to be gentle. “He fell. And we don’t know where. What if he fell in the middle of the ocean? Does he know how to swim? Or what if a demon-“

“He’s not dead, alright?” Dean yelled, glaring at Sam. 

“You think I want him to be dead?” Sam asked, starting to get angry. “He’s my friend too. But we have to face the fact that maybe he didn’t-“

“Don’t.” Dean’s teeth were clenched tightly, the word barely making it out. When Sam looked at his older brother, he could have sworn he saw tears brimming in Dean’s eyes. 

“Okay, fine,” Sam said, pushing away from the wall. “I’m going to bed.” He walked away, not looking back at Dean.

They barely talked the next day. 

A month later, the subject was brought up again. Dean had been on the phone with another hunter, hoping desperately that someone had heard news. Nothing. His temper flaring, Dean snapped the phone shut and then threw it across the room, where it shattered against the wall.

“Dean, you’ve got to stop this,” Sam said, trying to get his brother to look at him. 

“Stop what?” Dean demanded, turning on the taller man. “Looking for our friend? What, do you want me to just give up on him? After everything he’s done for us, and then the shitty way we treated him? Dammit Sam, he’s alive. I just know it.” He paused and then looked down. “He can’t be gone,” he said, his voice barely above a whisper.

“We’ll find him,” Sam said, although he wasn’t so sure. But he had to try and keep Dean happy. Or at least hopeful. Dean was spiraling and it was far too familiar. It was how Sam had felt after Jessica had died. He could see it in Dean. Sure, they’d been devastated when Bobby had died, but that had been different somehow. And even if Cas was one of Sam’s closest friends, he knew that Castiel was Dean’s best friend. Even if Dean wouldn’t admit it. 

So for Dean’s sake, Sam had to pretend that Cas had always had a one-hundred percent chance of surviving the fall. Even if the thought of Cas possibly being dead crossed his mind, Dean seemed to know and lash out. It turned into a mantra for Sam; ‘Cas is alive and we will find him.’

It wasn’t until maybe four or five months after the night the angels had fallen that there was a knock on the door to the Bat-cave.

For a moment, Dean and Sam looked at each other