I hear that right?” Maggie asked, intrigued, walking over to stare after the two men.

Ed wrinkled his nose. “That’s just….”

“Hot,” Maggie said with a sigh.

Ed seemed taken aback by his sister’s declaration, staring at her as if she’d grown another head.

Harry sidled over, whispering, “She’s totally into that Nathan and Peter Petrelli thing.”

“They’re trying to throw us off,” Ed sputtered, shaking his head. “It’s a clever trick. They’re in the bathroom right now plotting against us.”

“Or giving each other blowjobs,” Spruce suggested from behind his camera, shrugging when Ed gave him a disgusted glare. “Just an idea.” 

                                                                                     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sam choked, struggling for breath as he leaned over with his hands on his knees, face red and eyes streaming with tears.

“Y-your…” he finally gasped out.

He let out another strangled bark of laughter, missing the perturbed set of Dean’s jaw.

“I panicked, okay? Shut up!”

Sam took another unsteady breath as he forced himself upright, leaning back against the bathroom door with a thunk. “Not your best move. You know what they think we’re doing in here.”

Dean’s eyes widened in understanding, his green gaze caught in Sam’s similar hazel one. Sam suddenly grinned, his head tilting forward, and Dean felt the urge to lean in, his body straining forward, before Sam’s head fell back, rhythmically tapping against the door. It sounded almost obscene to Dean’s ears, echoing the quickening of his heartbeat.

*bump-bumpbump-bump-bumpbump*

Sam’s eyes darkened, pinning Dean in place as repeated the motions, his voice spilling out huskily to fill the silence between them.

“This is where I’ve got you pinned to the door, my body covering yours. I’m nibbling on your neck, and your head slams back whenever I hit that spot right under your chin that drives you crazy, and I’m rutting against you so hard, my knees keeps banging the wood.”

Sam lifted his foot, cocking his leg, and slammed his boot against the lower panel, making it creak loudly in protest and shudder in its frame.

“I’ve just lifted you up, and you’ve wrapped your legs around my waist as I slammed you back against the door. You’re making those needy little gasping noises I like so much, but I’m swallowing them down, trying to keep you quiet.”

Sam kicked the door again, flakes of paint dusting his shoulders.

“I’ve got my hand around wrapped around us both, and it hurts so good, feeling the pressure of your dick rubbing against mine, that I can’t help myself and I start to come….”

Dean swelled forward, flowing into Sam’s space, his breaths harsh in the confined space. He placed his hands on either side of Sam’s head, pushing in until he could feel the heat of Sam’s breath puffing against his nose and mouth, the added weight making the door groan in complaint.

“And feeling your cock sliding against mine, feeling your come hot and wet around us, that makes me lose it, my screams spilling down your throat.”

Sam’s breaths came faster, his body bowing towards Dean’s, even as his shoulders remained pressed against the door.

With a satisfied smirk, Dean clenched one hand into a fist and rapped it against the wall, making the door rattle harder, the frame emitting an ominous creaking snap.

“And that is because I’m a kinky bitch,” Dean said, voice gravel rough.

They stood frozen, staring at each other, before they became cognizant of their positioning. Dean pushed himself away roughly, settling against the opposite wall and tucking his hands in his pockets, studiously avoiding looking in Sam’s direction.

Sam nodded silently, eyes following Dean, taking a moment to swallow to ease the words out. “I think Ed will leave you alone now.”

He reached behind him and blindly felt for the doorknob, twisting the cold metal in his grip, just to get out and away, needing space to think like he couldn’t when Dean Smith was around. Dean’s hunched figure facing the empty tub seemed to hint he needed some time alone, as well, and Sam put more effort into opening the door, frowning when the expected result didn’t happen.

“Uh…Dean?” Sam said, his voice hesitant. “I think we broke the door.” 

                                                                                      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If things had been awkward before, now Dean felt four sets of eyes – well, three sets and the ubiquitous camera lens belonging to Spruce – following him and Sam wherever they went. If he and Sam deigned to go in different directions, Dean wondered if the Ghostfacers would somehow find a way to watch them both with one eye on each man.

He wouldn’t put it past them.

At least one good thing had come out of the bathroom incident; Ed