, Sam took the chance to search his room again. Aside from a frankly unnerving number of weapons secreted in every corner, the room contained few indications of who this Dean Wynt was. Sam had hoped to find enough hints that he could coach the guy back to his own memory. The sooner Wynt remembered who he was, the sooner Sam could be back on the road.

What he did find disturbed him more than he was ready to admit. These demigods had spun an entire life for Wynt in which Sam was his brother and John his father. That life didn’t seem to include Adam, strangely, but did feature Sam’s mother, a woman even Sam had not actually known. That infant in Mary’s arms was Sam, but the blonde boy on John’s shoulders beside them didn’t exist in Sam’s version of this picture.

Or, did it? As in the dream, Sam’s vision seemed to double for a fraction of a second. He shook his head to clear it and then hastily dropped the photo when Dean entered the room, fully dressed. Wynt saw what he’d been looking at and opened his mouth to speak, but Sam interrupted with a peremptory “Good. Let’s go. Take the angel blade.”

“Why?”

“Because I left mine in the pit with Adam,” Sam replied, in an almost conversational tone, and walked out of the room.

“Right.” Right… Dean picked up the blade and followed his captor and his brother.

They took the stairs to the parking lot, still wet from last night’s storm, and walked toward the Impala. Dean headed for the driver’s side automatically, only reversing course when he noticed the confused look Sam was giving him. He climbed in on the passenger side instead. When Sam started the engine, Baby’s radio began to belt out some rockabilly country song. Dean reached to change the channel, again without thinking.

Sam swatted his hand away. “My car, my music. Shotgun shuts his cakehole,” and he pulled the car onto the road.

oooOOOooo

The quarry was deserted as Sam and Dean pulled off the dirt road at the north end of the crater at twenty minutes past six in the morning. Wynt had remained silent the entire ride, and Sam found himself beginning to believe his directive to follow Sam’s lead had stuck. Without knowing the hunter, he had no idea if Wynt would be at all useful on the case, but least if he was following Sam’s commands it meant Sam didn’t have to worry about the man sticking that angel blade in his ribs while he slept.

They got out of the car almost in unison and stepped toward the rusty chain-link fence which served as possibly the world’s least secure barrier to trespassing. Sam nodded Wynt ahead of him and watched the other hunter slip under an opening almost wide enough to drive the Impala through. Sam followed, trailed by Lucifer, who was visible only to Sam, and by two young Native American boys who neither could see.

oooOOOooo

Romulus watched the odd parade with interest. He hadn’t predicted this. Minus his brother’s mitigating presence, Sam Winchester had retained his ability to control other people. Romulus had expected the often fiery brothers to blow up at one another when they’d met, with at least one of them sparing a bit of blood for Romulus’s amusement; or that the Winchesters’ characteristic stubbornness and unwillingness to hear each other out would drive them apart, allowing Romulus’ game to continue for weeks or maybe longer. As it was, they’d never learn their lesson using this chain of command shit their father had taught them. That wasn’t family. If he wanted them really working together, he’d need to stir the pot a bit. Romulus spoke to Handsome Boy, who passed the command to Strange Boy.

It was time to make his new toys’ lives more entertaining.

oooOOOooo

They scooted down the steep walls to the quarry’s unofficial walking trails, and Sam directed Dean toward the rowboat on the water’s edge. Once there, each Winchester pulled out his EMF reader and scanned the filthy boat. The meters jumped and glowed as if on fire. “Well, I guess that answers that question.” Sam looked up and down the banks, then out over the water. “Feel like playing bait, Wynt?”

Dean bit back a bitter retort and asked, “What do you want me to do?”

“We need to see if we can get these demigods out in the open. Seems like the only way that’s going to happen is if someone’s in the boat.” He outlined his plan to Dean and then, surprisingly, gave the older man a choice. “So, which would you rather? Boat or shore?”

“Boat,” Dean answered without hesitation. If anyone was going to risk drowning, it would be him. “But I want a quid pro quo.”

That scoffing look was back. “A ‘quid pro quo’? Breaking out the Latin?”