he clenched unconsciously around his fingers, desperately wondering what it would feel like to have another man’s cock inside him. And now, for the first time, he wished it was a specific man.








The day was long and tedious. Castiel had to go up early in the morning to attend his council and then he was whisked right away to hold court. Really, he was the King and he supposedly could tell everyone to go away but what kind of message would that send to the realm?

Still, he felt horribly suffocated all day and it wasn’t helped by the fact that he knew Dean was waiting for him in his chambers. Only a few moments after he had seated himself on his throne had one of Gabriel’s little mice whispered in his ear, informing him on Dean’s arrival, just as promised by the informant.

Oh how he had wanted to flee the court room that instance to attend to his — no, not his yet — to attend to Dean’s every wish. He wanted to show the man what he could do for him and he wanted Dean to spread out before him in gratitude.

But he couldn’t and wouldn’t leave his court. So he had simply told the mouse to show Dean to the royal quarters and to see so that Dean’s every need was met. The man was not to leave the palace, the King declared, but he wasn’t a prisoner, he was to be treated like a high Lord.

The mouse hadn’t questioned it because Castiel was the King. He had just scurried off to do his King’s biddings and Castiel had had to settle for enduring throughout the day, drawing strength from the fact that he would once again be able to gaze upon that vision of a man in broad daylight.

Last night, just before he prepared to withdraw to his massive bedchamber, the King had walked out on his balcony one last time. He had thought he couldn’t stand it to sleep without one more glance at the house that held his newfound treasure.

What he hadn’t expected to see was the shadowy figure of Dean bathing once more. It was far off and no fires were lit on the balcony but the moon illuminated the man enough so that King Castiel had been able to see what had been going on. And what he had seen had had him flushed and achingly hard in mere moments.

He had shouted for the servants to bring Meg, his most eager pleasure girl, even as Dean was pumping his fist over his heated cock. Meg arrived just as Dean was standing up and turning around, his hand against his plump ass cheeks and the King had wasted no time slicking his own cock up with spit and bending Meg over to take her from behind as he watched the man he so desperately desired bring himself to pleasure with his mere fingers.

Oh, Castiel had hoped and wished but he hadn’t dared believe that Dean could be interested in this as well. He had desired the man from afar and had thought to bring him closer, to at least be able to look at him. Their first meeting had given him hope, however, and now to have witnessed Dean pleasuring himself by touching his tight hole...

Castiel had shook against Meg as he emptied himself, his eyes half-lidded as he watched Dean rinse in the pool, and he had gone to sleep that night, feeling more content than he had ever had.

And now here he was, bereft of Dean’s company at the expense of his court and his patience a thin line that too many people chose to stomp on. A mere hour more and he would be able to see the marvel of a man again and he decided in that moment to spend that hour thinking about what he would do to the man.








Dean was yet again extremely nervous. He had come to the palace one hour after Sam had left for work, just as promised, and he had just then realized that maybe the King had set that rule because he didn’t want Dean’s brother to know about this? It shouldn’t be thrilling to think about their meetings as some kind of secret but it was.

Still, he had come to the palace only to be turned away. Well, not completely, of course. He hadn’t known where he should go so he had entered with the rest of the throngs of people waiting for an audience with the King and he had been forced to stand there with them. He hadn’t been certain if that was correct of him or not and just as he had been on the verge of asking someone a man approached him and told him to follow him to the King’s royal quarters.

Dean had followed him because he hadn’t known what else to do and so far it seemed to be the right choice.

Dean had been left to lounge in the King’s own lush rooms, servants present to attend to him, food brought at regular intervals — too much food for him to even finish between servings  — and all the other luxury at his disposal.

He had