, never letting it out of his sight. Sam wore a collar around his neck given to him by Gabriel. All angels needed to wear something showing that they belonged to someone when they went out.

Though it had only been a few months, Dean already looked to be about sixteen or seventeen years old. He was tall, though Castiel could still carry him if need be with ease, with tanned skin and short brown hair. His green eyes were still a startling green. Sam hadn't gotten too much bigger, and still had his floppy brown hair and pretty hazel eyes. He looked to be about fourteen years old, but still clung to Gabriel like he did when he was younger. As the boys grew bigger, the house became too small for them to play in freely. So Castiel and Gabriel decided to bring them to a park, made especially for angels.

"Dean!" Castiel stood by the door, leash and collar in hand. Dean scampered into the room when called but stopped when he saw the leash and collar. He hissed, wings raised defensively. Castiel rolled his eyes. "Dean, you know you need to put this on to go out. We can take it off when we get there." Dean looked uncertain, hanging back for now. Castiel sighed. "Sam put his on!" He gestured to Sam standing next to Gabriel, leash clipped onto his collar.

With a dejected sigh Dean moved closer and allowed Castiel to put the collar and leash on him. Castiel ran a soothing hand through Deans hair, making him coo lightly. "It's not that bad Dean. Now let's go to the park." Both angels brightened up at that, and all four headed out.

                                                                                                                                       SPNSPNSPNSPNSPN

The walk to the park was quick, though Dean spent the entire time sulking. The park was a large glass dome, made so angels could fly but not fly away. It was filled with trees and various other high structures for the angels to fly to and play on. When Dean saw it, his expression instantly brightened. He looked to Castiel with pleading eyes, begging to be let off the lead.

Castiel smiled a little before giving Dean a serious look. "No causing trouble, or we will go home." He took off Deans collar, smiling as the angel immediately went to go play with some other angels. Castiel went to go sit on a bench and keep an eye on him.

Sam, on the other hand, was more timid. Gabriel had un-hooked his leash, but he had not yet left the side of his master. Gabriel was running his hand through his angels hair comfortingly. "Come on Sammy. You're going to have fun here! Look over there." He pointed to a small group of angels about the same size and age as Sam. "They look like they're having fun. Why don't you go join them?"

Sam just shook his head a little and clung to Gabriel's arm. With a small sigh Gabriel began walking over to the group of angels he pointed out, Sam following close behind him. There were a few people sitting on benches talking while their angels played.

"Hey there!" Gabriel said with a smile as they got closer. The young angels looked up at the human, backing away a little. When they noticed Sam, though, they curiously began to inch closer. "Sammy, look…they're nice." When the angels were close enough, Gabriel held out a hand for them to smell. A little girl angel with blonde hair and pretty light golden wings allowed Gabriel to pet her, cooing happily.

Gabriel smiled and looked down at Sam, placing a hand on his back and giving him a very light push. "Go play, baby. I'll be right there." He pointed to the bench where the other owners were sitting. Sam looked up at Gabriel with pleading eyes, but Gabriel held strong, giving Sam a stern look. Sam pouted a little, wings drooping, as he walked over to the other angels. Gabriel felt a little bad for a few moments before Sam started to play with the little blonde angel girl. It looked like he was having fun, both of them chirping away and chasing one another around. With a smile Gabriel went over to the bench he'd told Sam he would sit at.

There were two blonde women sitting on the bench. Gabriel smiled and held out his hand to them. "Hey, my name is Gabe, nice to meet you."

The older looking woman smiled, shaking Gabriel's hand. "Ellen. Nice to meet you."

The other woman nodded and shook Gabriel's hand. "Lilith."

Gabriel sat down on the bench, looking for Sam to make sure he was okay. He was playing with the blonde girl angel and another little blonde boy angel. Gabriel smiled, glad Sammy was making friends.

"Is the brunette yours?" asked Ellen.

Gabriel nodded. "Yeah, that's my Sammy."

Ellen smiled. "He's cute. The two he's with are