, was gonna take off for Flagstaff in the morning except that I kind of fell into something that was better than running.”

“Flagstaff, huh?” Dean said, giving Sam a skeptical look.  “What’d you fall into?”

“A nurse needed a babysitter for her kid and was willing to let me sleep at her place if I’d watch him, kid was easy enough to take care of except for how much he reminded me of you,” Sam said.  He laughed internally – if the kid was John Winchester’s son, no wonder he reminded Sam of his brother.  “So when the normal babysitter came back, I decided to come find you.”

“You know I’m gonna make you stay here with me until Dad comes home,” Dean said.

Sam nodded.  “I know.”

He was about to continue, explain the whole situation about Adam, when Dean interrupted.  “So why’d you come back?”

“Told you, I missed you.  And I couldn’t stay with the kid anymore, so…”

Dean looked skeptical, and somewhat pissed.  “You ran away, but you came back… because you missed me.  Yeah, try again, Sammy.”

“I’m serious, Dean,” Sam said.  “I can’t make you believe me, I guess, but I came back because I missed you.  We’re brothers, and…”  Sam decided that telling Dean about Adam could wait a while.  This was more important.  “And I guess I never realized just how much that means to me.  Even when you were off with Dad on a hunt, you were still there, you know?  I could always count on a phone call to check up on me, or you leaving something where you knew I’d find it after a day or two when the freedom had worn off and I’d be missing you more than I was mad at you for leaving me.  But running away… it was different, this time, and I decided I’d rather have you and put up with Dad than be free from Dad but not have you.”

“Sammy, you got no idea what being brothers means to me,” Dean said.  “Don’t mean the same to you.”

“Maybe it doesn’t,” Sam said.  “But that doesn’t mean it means less to me.”

“It does,” Dean said.  “Just trust me on this one, it does.”

Sam blinked.  “So what’s it mean to you, then?  Why are you so sure it means less to me?”  Dean didn’t answer.  Instead, he stared at Sam for a very long time.  “Dean, come on, answer me.  You’re kinda starting to freak me out here…”

“You really want to know, huh?” Dean said.  “Fine.  You run, I’ll stall Dad, let you get good and hidden this time.”

“What’s me running got to do with…” Sam started to ask.  He was cut off by Dean pulling him out of his chair and pushing him against the wall.  He was not prepared at all when Dean bent his head and kissed him.

There was a hunger in it, a passion, but Dean pulled himself back before Sam could recover his wits.  “There you go.  Run.  I’ll stall Dad.  You might see if Bobby’d take you in, you know he’d never give you up to Dad, tell him whatever the hell you want to about me.”

Sam shook his head to try to clear some of the confusion.  “Funny, I’d have thought after what just happened that you’d be all about me staying here.”

“No shit I want you to stay, but why the hell would you, knowing what you do now?” Dean asked.  “So I’m gonna do the right thing, let you go, try to make it so you can stay gone.  Stay safe from…”

“What, from you?”  Sam stepped forward, getting in Dean’s personal space.  “Dean, I am safe from you.  Right here, right now, I am perfectly safe.”

Dean took a few steps backward.  Sam followed.  “What, Sam?  You wanna kick my ass before you go or something?”

“No.  I want you to kiss me again, now that I’m not so surprised I forget to kiss back,” Sam said.  “God, Dean, why do you think I didn’t ask you to run with me?”

“Because I’d have probably told Dad you were thinking about running away,” Dean said.  He looked ashamed, which made Sam chuckle.

Sam shook his head.  “Because while you and I wouldn’t know normal if it came up and bit us, I do know that being jealous of all those girls you head off with is not normal.  I ran from Dad.  I didn’t ask you to come with me because I didn’t trust myself to keep my hands off