any other way.”

“But the toxicology…”

“They were looking for drugs, not strychnine.  My dad paid a lot of money to keep it that way.”

“Dean said no one ever stays here.”

“Every time I say this time I’ll behave.  Every time I end up messin’ up.  People freak.  You’re the first one who hasn’t run.”

“They’re idiots.  You’re sweet.  Thanks for looking after me.”

Angst, Kate, Evil Friends

Having Benny in the Bunker was awkward.  Super awkward.  Sam had gotten over his initial distrust, but then he started noticing that Benny was never there at night.  Initially, he didn’t think anything of it, assuming Benny was going out to hunt animals.  Then he started hearing about attacks in nearby towns – people going missing, turning up later with missing blood and no memories of where they’d been.

Sam brought it up with Dean, showing him the patterns and mentioning that the attacks happened while Benny wasn’t in the Bunker.  Dean groaned and poured himself some whiskey.  “We doing this again?  You do remember what happened with Elizabeth and Martin and Desmond?”

“I remember.  That’s why I brought it to you instead of calling someone else.  Look, I don’t want to think it’s Benny either, but it fits.  Help me find a better explanation.”

“Witch?  Another vamp from Benny’s past?  Some other bloodsucker?  It ain’t Benny, man.”

“What ain’t Benny?” Benny came in from the garage.

“Sam here thinks you’re sucking down humans again.  Tell him he’s wrong.”

“You’re wrong, Sam.  What’s going on?”

Sam explained the disappearances again.  “I don’t want to think it’s you, but…”

“It’s not me.  I got an explanation for where I’m goin’.  Met this werewolf who’s gone straight, locks herself away during the full moon.  Wolf blood’s not as good as human, but she can heal up a lot quicker.  Been drinkin’ from her.  She’s donating, it ain’t hurting her much, it helps a lot.”

“Can we talk to her to confirm your story?”

“That depends.  You gonna give her problems for bein’ a werewolf?”

“If she’s locked up during the full moon, she’s not hurting anyone… no, we’re not.”  Sam sent Dean a challenging look, daring him to contradict.  Dean didn’t.

Benny nodded and pulled out his phone.  “Hey, Kate.”

“Kate?”  Sam and Dean exchanged a quick look.  “I think we know her.”

“Got a bit of a problem.  Attacks that look like a fang, the guys I’m livin’ with want to be sure I’m not doin’ it.  I told them about our arrangement and they want to talk to you.”

Sam took the phone Benny held out.  “Kate?”

“Benny’s a good guy.  I’m giving him my blood voluntarily.  He comes here, stays here, and goes back home.  He can’t be the one attacking those people.  It’s not me, either.”

“Not a werewolf’s MO, and I know you don’t want to hurt anyone.”

“You do?”

“I saw the tape you left behind from when you were turned.  The guy you killed, we’d have done it if you hadn’t, and it was clearly self-defense.”

“Are you Sam or Dean?”

“I’m Sam.”

“I see why Benny’s got such a crush on you.”

“What?”

“You and Dean were those FBI guys, right?  You’re hot, you’re smart, and you’re a good guy.”

“No, what was… Benny what?”

Benny grabbed the phone away from Sam.  “Kate, you’re evil.”  He ended the call and practically ran from the room.

Dean raised an eyebrow at Sam.  “The hell?”

“Kate says Benny has a crush on me.”

“Been thinking about telling you that myself.  Since it seems like Benny’s not gonna do it.”

Sam got up and went after Benny.  He found Benny in the garage, hiding in a car.  “I used to do this at Bobby’s salvage yard, hide in a car until I was ready to deal with whatever had driven me out there.  Of course, the cars there weren’t as nice as this, and turning it on and driving off was not an option.”

“Sorry.  Kate didn’t…”

“Dean says she did.”

“Oh.”

“What I don’t get is why.  I was a jerk to you, ruined the quiet life you built for yourself because I couldn’t bring myself to trust you… or trust Dean’s faith in you.  And just now…”

“You