and he could feel that it was getting close to time to go.

 

“Sam?”

Sam looked up from where he was sitting on the hood of Castiel’s truck reading a book on his phone.  “Cas.  Going somewhere?”

“Yes.  Uh, Claire needs some help with…”

“Great!”  Sam hopped off the truck and picked up a bag Castiel hadn’t noticed.  “Where are we going?”

“Sam, I don’t…”  Castiel shook his head.  “I’ve got this.  It’s not… it’s not a hunt, it’s…”

Sam set the bag down and crossed his arms, waiting for Castiel to try to come up with some kind of lie.  When it became obvious that Castiel had nothing, Sam huffed.  “See, I’ve been waiting ever since I got better enough to take care of myself for you to try something like this.  If you want to leave, I’m not going to stop you, but I’m gonna try to talk you out of it.”

“What are you talking about?  I don’t want to leave.”

“Maybe not, but you’re weakening, and you don’t want me or Dean to notice or worry about you so you’ve kept up the act of being fine.  Now you’re too weak to do that, so you have to leave, right?”  Castiel stared at him.  “Trials?  I hid what it was doing to me as long as I could, you know?  I didn’t want you or Dean to worry, especially since I had a feeling you wouldn’t be able to help.  Dad and Dean used to try to hide their illnesses until it was too bad not to, so I wouldn’t worry.  You’re one of us, Cas.  You tried this that summer we were hunting Dean, too, remember?  As the stolen grace started to fade and you started to die?  I’m seeing all the same signs now.  So tell me.  What’s wrong?”

Castiel sighed and shoved his hands in the pocket of his trenchcoat.  “I’m dying.  The fight with Lucifer damaged my grace, and I can’t repair it.”

“Why not?”

“Because… if I were in Heaven, it would eventually heal.  On Earth, I need to draw on the power of my vessel’s soul to keep up with the damage.  Since my vessel no longer has a human soul within, and I cannot return to Heaven without being killed… I don’t have much longer.”

Sam swallowed hard.  It’s not like he hadn’t expected to hear that there was nothing he could do, but that wasn’t true, was it?  There was something he could do.  “Would drawing on my soul help?”

Castiel shook his head.  “You’re kind to offer, especially after last time you allowed me to touch your soul and discovered that I was no longer exactly me, but while it would help buy a little time, it wouldn’t be enough to reverse the damage.  Not without damaging your soul.”

“And that’s already damaged enough, right?”

“Sam, no, your soul…”

“I was joking, Cas.  I know you keep saying my soul is fine, that it’s scarred but otherwise healthy, but what if I’m willing to help?”

“Sam, I can’t… I’m not sure I could draw enough power from it in a short time to heal myself now without ruining your soul, killing it, unleashing who you were when you were soulless without the possibility of a cure.  I won’t do that to you, especially not just to save my own life.”

Sam shook his head.  Castiel wasn't understanding.  “What happens to your vessel if you leave it?  Would it die?”

“It’s an empty vessel.  Autonomic functions like breathing and heartbeat would continue, but without an intelligence in here, there would be no maintenance.  No food or water or sleep, and it would need those things, without me.”

“If you left it, and we kept it alive somehow, would you be able to get back in?”

“Yes.  The reason we require consent is because of the presence of another intelligence within the body, using the body for its own purposes.  An empty body, we can take without problem.”

“All right.  Then there is still a way I can save your life.”

“No, there isn’t.”

“There is.  You can’t draw enough power from my soul from outside, but from within, you could, right?  So do it.  Come on in.”

Castiel's eyes went wide, and he took a step back.  “Sam, no.  I can’t ask that of you.”

“Who’s asking?  I'm offering.”

Castiel took another step away from Sam, sorrow haunting his face.  “You’ve told me so often how