had never been so proud.


Rule six: Fledglings are not as indestructible as Angels and may have more vulnerability if their other parent isn't an angel as well. Be ready to have to protect your fledgling with your life and do all in your power to keep them alive and healthy since often times angelic healing will not work on your kin.


Gabriel never cried. He whined, he pouted, he threw a fit, and he sometimes let his emotions get away with him and would have some tears but it was short lived. He could only ever remember really truly crying twice in his life. Once when Lucifer fell flaming from heaven into the pit and other when Gabriel ran away and realized none of his brothers cared enough to even try to look for him.

Now as he sat in a hospital waiting room with Sam holding onto him as tightly as the hunter could Gabriel started to cry for the third time terrified for their little family.

It had started as most of their days started, with Melody running into their room and jumping onto their bed excitedly. "Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Wake up! Momma! Wake up! It's time to wake up! We gotta have pancakes!" She said cheerfully while Sam and Gabriel both groaned tiredly. But sure enough within a couple of minutes Sam and Gabriel were in the kitchen making their little flutter some chocolate chip pancakes while she reminded them of their schedule for the day.

"We gotta get all ready and go see Cas and then we'll all go to the hospital and Uncle Dean will cry and cry and then get coffee and mope 'cause Cas won't let him stay in the same room when she has the baby. Then we have to wait and wait and wait until the baby is out then Uncle Dean gets to go see the baby then we can see the baby and my cousin is gonna love me cause I'm the most awesome fledgling ever!" She giggled and Gabriel smirked while Sam rolled his eyes putting two pancakes on her plate and cutting them up before giving them to her.

"Actually that's not the plan today kiddo. Uncle Dean and Cas are going to go to the hospital while the three of us go to the park. Uncle Dean will call us if he needs us or after the baby comes, then we'll go see your cousin." Gabriel corrected. Cas was already a week past due so the doctors were going to induce him today and hopefully, if everything went well, they'd have a new little fledgling added to the family by tomorrow. Melody was beyond excited to meet her cousin and had been off the walls all week which is why Sam and Gabriel were so tired.

After breakfast they went to the park close to the hospital and let Melody run around while he and Sam sat at a bench nearby watching her. Sure they got a lot of rude stares but they really didn't care about if other people approved of them if not. "When are we gonna talk to Melody about it Gabe? She's beyond happy to have a cousin, I think she'll be happy to have a little brother or sister too." Sam said wrapping an arm around Gabriel's waist. Gabriel shrugged.

"I don't know Sam. I mean maybe we should wait a while. There's going to be enough excitement with Cas and Dean's little one let alone us having another. And... Honestly? I don't know if I'm ready. I'm still not sure I'm good at this whole parent thing and I'd rather wait until after we get my brothers in the cage before we bring another little angel into this world." He said cuddling into Sam's side.

Sam kissed his forehead. "Then we'll wait as long as you need. We have all of eternity together, what's another few years in that?" He laughed kissing Gabriel. They shouldn't have been so preoccupied. They should have paid more attention to the little on they already had. They only heard the squeal of tires and the loud crash causing them both to jump up. Gabriel ran over to the accident planning to help who he could Sam with him and neither of them thought that their daughter might have been involved. Not until Gabriel saw her there and froze his entire being horror shocked into stillness. She was so pale and there was so much blood.

"Melody! Angel, wake up... Sam! Oh father no..." He said falling to his knees beside his daughter and holding her little hand afraid to touch much else if she broke something. He tried to heal her, but she was a nephil and angelic healing hardly ever worked on them. He nearly smote the paramedic that pushed him away and probably would have if not for Sam grabbing him and dragging him to the officers nearby.

They found out that a kid Melody's supposed age had wanted to get a toy out of his car to show Melody and that some teen drivers had decided it'd be fun to do donuts in the parking lot to show off their