sometimes, much like the Winchesters but somehow very different. He didn't dislike the boy, though, not even a little. He had first encountered Kevin back when he was still a few flowers short of a bouquet, soon after he had taken on Sam's hallucinations of Lucifer to repair the damage he had done to the younger Winchester. Despite the fact that he had obviously scared Kevin at first, the young prophet had come to accept him fairly easily, telling the ex-angel he was willing to forget the unflattering first impression as long as Cas swore to "forget the fact that I screamed like a girl when you popped up next to me in the car."

Cas had agreed immediately, and the two had become friends very quickly. Kevin didn't seem to mind the fact that Castiel had essentially failed as his guardian angel, and he became a sort of guardian for the new human instead whenever the Winchesters weren't around. He had taught Castiel many things, such as how to keep the bunker clean, sort laundry successfully (most of the time), and operate his cell phone and a strange contraption called a "tablet computer," which Kevin had had to emphasize was not related in any way to the Demon and Angel Tablets.

So today when Castiel came out of the laundry room with a stack of towels and spotted Kevin making an obvious effort to breathe all over the frost-covered windows, he wasn't all that surprised. It was probably just another thing about humanity he didn't understand yet, and if anyone could tell him what it meant it would be Kevin. He put the towels down on a table in the hall, approaching Kevin and watching him until he abruptly startled and spun around.

"Oh, it's you, Cas," he said breathlessly, obviously having expected something much more sinister. "We need to get you a bell or something."

"I have Bells already," Cas deadpanned, not understanding why Kevin would want him to have a second cat.

"I just meant… Look, never mind. Did you need something?"

"I saw you breathing on the windows and wondered what the purpose of it was. Do they need to be kept warm?"

Kevin laughed. "No, man, it's just something to do when you're bored and it's cold outside. Look." He breathed on the window again, fogging it up until it was almost opaque, and then drew the figure of a tiny stick-person with wings that was probably meant to be an angel. "See? You can draw whatever you want, and then when you want to start over you just breathe over your drawing to erase it."

"Interesting. Where did you learn to do that?"

"Most kids do it when they're little. But when I went on a school trip with my girlfriend a while back, we spent most of the bus ride there drawing on the windows for each other. She was crazy for languages, so I wrote her all kinds of messages in English, Spanish, Chinese, even Latin. She thought it was really romantic."

"Romantic, hmm? Maybe I'll have to give it a try too, since Dean seems to be a little bored today, himself."

"What do you think you'll draw?"

"I don't know. I've never drawn anything but Enochian sigils before, to be honest."

"Oh, well uh… I'm sure you'll figure it out. Good luck, Cas."

"Thank you, Kevin." With that, Castiel departed for somewhere unknown, leaving Kevin to watch the place where he had been with equal parts amusement and confusion.

Dean was seriously beginning to think the bunker was haunted by the ghost of Castiel's grace or something. Everywhere he went, he was finding strange strings of symbols drawn into the frost on the windows. He guessed them to be Enochian, based on the ones he'd seen before, but he didn't recognize any of their meanings. He also couldn't seem to find Castiel anywhere. He'd thought the ex-angel might be waiting for him in their room at one point, since after he had gotten out of the shower he'd found another of the symbols drawn on the foggy bathroom mirror, but still the man was nowhere to be found.

"This is really friggin' weird," Dean muttered to himself as he made his way down the hall to the main room of the bunker. When he reached the middle of the hallway he froze again, glaring at yet another set of symbols that had been drawn on the foggy window. Enough was enough already; he was going to get to the bottom of this. "Gabriel!" he shouted. "Get your feathery Archangel ass down here!"

"You rang?"

"GAH!" Dean shouted, whirling around when Gabriel tapped him on the shoulder from behind. "Don't do that! Sheesh! Anyway, I need your help here. Are these symbols Enochian?"

"Yup," Gabriel said with barely a glance at