I have to repeat myself, end it while you can, there is no shame in running away little mouse, not when is to save your skin.” He gets up. “Take the afternoon off, I’ll deal with the King.”

 

 

 

A bit angsty, sorry... AF ( after falling)

I will do your chores I will warm your cot at night And mop your cabin floors Scold me, hold me I’ll be yours to keep The only thing I beg of you Don’t make me go to sleep" - JESSICA LOWNDES

 

 

She sits on her bed a listens, maybe she just imagined it. Slowly she looks for her phone silent by the side of her pillow is barely one in the morning which means she only managed an hour or so. She is about to go back and force herself to sleep, meeting is at seven she would have to get up at six most probably no time for coffee until the actual meeting, well at least four decent hours, laying back with decision, she closes her eyes once more, only to catch the faint noise.

Grudgingly she gets up again walking towards the spare room, that Angel of hers just can seem to give a time off, wasn’t she too drunk to even walk, then how on earth is she still awake at this hour. The room lies in darkness the only noise is the soft sniffle, the music is long over thank God for sleep timer. The red light of the alarm clock guides her across the room.

“Cass… Angel, you still awake.” Another sniffle, and she is turning on the bed sleeping still, a sniffle followed by a soft moan. So she still on pain, of course she is pain her wings got ripped off, the voice on the back of her head reprimands her. She should not have drink that much it would only evoke her pain even more.

Another sniff ripping the silence, and the Wordsmith body moves on her own, she hasn’t even noticed when she is climbing the bed, the other still sleeps, she wants to help and still has no idea how. Guthrie is reluctantly trying, books are already piling up on her living room, the kitchen table and other rooms, they are slowly taking over the apartment and nothing in them works; why can she be human. That is an option nagging her on the back of mind, would that be too much… She knows it will, who is she kidding she is an Angel she belongs somewhere on a cloud playing harp with other Angels, what if being with the Wordsmith is exactly what is wrong with the picture, no she pushes the idea aside. She is helping her or at least she is trying, where are the other Angels now, her so call brothers. They just left there there to fend for herself. The Angels snugs closely to her, and the Wordsmith hands find their way into those messy curls, softly massaging just like her father used to do on bad nights, her father the only good memory of a human life, the words of an old vicar resound on the back of her mind, “God gave and God has taken away…” Well she is ready to curse God once more if he dares take the Angel away… No more sniffles, only soft snores coming from the Inquisitor is almost four in the morning.

The alarm on her room wakes her up, the Inquisitor still wraps around her, and she has to managed all her willpower to leave the bed. Warm shower that is what she needs, and coffee lots of it. The meeting has already started by the time she makes it, the only perk and her best alibi is that she is holding coffee. The King raises an eyebrow at her sight and smiles. That should be illegal. There must be a law where it states that he is not allowed to smile at her, in that way that early. For a second she panic what if he knows, what of Guthrie blabbed after all; first rule: “everyone is ready to backstab you” remember.  Meeting is over in just a few minutes, and she gives a long sigh before making her way to the archives, the only problem is that it catches the attention of his majesty.

 

“Long night, Wordsmith?” She curses herself, out of the pan and in to the fire. Slowly she turns, the king is standing and coming to her slowly, drink on his hand, and she thinks this is it he knows am dead. “I’ll suggest some wine before bed, it makes you go down fast.”

“More a like a too short night your Majesty, but thanks for your concern.” She bows and thinks how painful would be to be evaporated.

“Yeah, I know those.” He says thinking to himself playing with his drink. “Is no good for a demon to dwell on dreams little mouse.” He gives her a knowing smile, while turning to the grand hall. “By the way I decided to retire the driver this morning, now is your job until Guthrie finds a replacement.” He crosses the door not before snapping his fingers and