wound again to look at it and gasped “What… the… Fu…”


 


The wound had healed to leave nothing but the bloody residue behind. Cas held his breath. He hoped like hell they let this go. The medic seemed genuinely confused, too. Michael grabbed her by the arm, “This whole thing is off the record. Clean him up and get out of here.”


 


Meg nodded and did as she was told. Once she was gone Michael sat in front of Cas. He narrowed his eyes. Taking a few deep breaths he spoke, “Please tell me there is a logical explanation for this, Castiel. Please, fucking tell me this does not have anything to do with 3P.”


 


Cas swallowed hard. He was screwed. He was so screwed. He had no explanation for super-healing that didn’t sound like it came from a comic book and the captain was using his given name to speak to him. Cas cleared his throat, “I can explain…”


 


Michael closed his eyes and shook his head, “Please do.”


 


Then Cas realized if he told the actual truth, Dean would be tried and convicted for terrorism. He couldn’t do it. So, Cas lied. He took a deep breath and for the second time, now, he lied to his commanding officer, “I… um… I found a syringe of the serum the scientists used. I didn’t want it falling into the wrong hands so I put it in my pocket to bring back to base. I forgot it was there and it shifted, puncturing me and injecting the fluid into my vein. You can check my leg, I probably still have the needle mark, unless it rapidly healed…” he trailed off.


 


Michael was wide-eyed, “Why wouldn’t you tell us that?”


 


Cas looked away, “I was afraid of the repercussions.”


 


Michael sighed. He beckoned over two MPs (military police) “You should be. You’ve been infected, Novak. I’m afraid we’re going to have to quarantine you.”


 


Cas jumped up quickly “No! No, Captain. Come on... You don’t have to do this!” 


 


He ran over and whispered frantically to Balthazar, “Zar, in my cell phone, guy named Dean. Tell him what happened.”


 


He tried to run but the men grabbed him. Michael looked away. Balthazar nodded to Cas then glared at Michael. The MPs dragged Cas off to a white sterile-looking room. They strapped him to a table then locked the door behind him. Cas screamed into the empty silence, “Dean!!”









A half hour later Meg Masters sat at her desk in the med ward trying to not think about what she had witnessed down at the pool. The blonde flyboy came into her office. He leaned flirtatiously on the desk. His British accent was more pronounced. Meg assumed, by the smell of him, it was the alcohol that did it. He leaned in, a bit too close for comfort, “Hello, darling. What do you say you and I get out of here and go somewhere quieter?”


 


Meg leaned away from him, “No, thanks, hot stuff. I got work to do. How bout you go sober up.”


 


The pilot pouted, “Well, you can’t blame a guy for trying. Here’s my number if you change your mind.” He slid a piece of paper over to her. Before Meg could react or dodge he leaned in and kissed her on the cheek whispering in a very non-drunk voice, “Read that where cameras can’t see you. Please. It’s important.” He got up pretending to be drunk again, winked and stumbled out the door. 


 


Meg picked up a different piece of paper and made a show of crumpling it up and tossing it in the trash. After a few minutes, she calmly went into the restroom. Inside the stall, she opened the paper and read: The man in quarantine is Castiel. His friend Dean has no idea what’s happened to him. Please call 907-3235. Destroy this message.


 


Meg entered the number into her phone under cute guy from the bar, then tore up the paper and flushed all the pieces. She went back to work and tried her damnedest not to think about what they were doing to that poor man while she waited for her shift to end. When the clock hands clicked over to five pm she grabbed her purse and was out the door. She already had her phone to her ear by the time she hit the interstate. 


 


A frantic voice answered on the second ring. “Hi, you don’t know me. My name is Dr. Masters.”


 


She was interrupted, the man let out a choked sound, “Oh my god…”


 


She tried to speak quickly, “Dean, is it? Listen, Castiel is… okay.”


 


Truth be told, she didn’t know what the hell she was doing or even why she was getting involved. Her next words surprised her even more, “Hey, is there somewhere