was supposed to, Dean counting for him.  “Cas, if this is how the night’s gonna go, you’ll keep an eye on me and keep Dean from getting me to do anything too stupid, right?”

“I think it might be a little late for that, since we agreed to play this game.  I still don’t understand why it’s called Moose.”

Benny took the coin from Dean and gave it a bounce.  “If it lands in the Moose thing, everyone holds their hands like this and yells MOOSE!”  Benny put his hands to his head, thumbs against his temples and fingers stretched up to resemble antlers.  “Whoever’s last to get there has to drink the Moose Cup.”  He picked up the red cup filled with vodka labeled MOOSE.  “Give four - everyone take a drink.  Dean, you get two.”

Cas took his turn, earning three drinks for himself.  Dean’s next shot earned him one.  Sam was happy to get three to give out – one for everyone.  Benny missed.  “Ah, crap.  Oh well.  If you miss, you have to take a drink.  Not bad at all.”

Cas’s next shot had him take five drinks.  Dean grinned.  “You know, that angel constitution of yours, we should probably make you drink a whole beer every drink you have to take.  Otherwise you’re not gonna get anywhere near the rest of us.”

“Do we even have that much beer?” Sam checked the refrigerator.  They did, in fact, have quite a bit.  “Cas?”

Castiel considered.  “I’ve had to take… eleven so far.  Are you sure there’s enough?”  Sam pulled out the two untouched 30 packs.  “Fine.  Bring one of those over.”  Castiel set to work drinking eleven beers.  Even for him, it took a while.

Dean’s next toss had him give out three drinks, which he gave all to Cas.  Sam had to take two, Benny three, and Cas three.  Dean got another one to give, which he gave to Sam.  Sam dropped the quarter in Give 4.  “Two each, Dean, Cas.”

Benny laughed when his quarter landed in Take 2.  “You getting’ prescient again, Sam?  That why you left me out last time?”

Sam shook his head.  “You’re not being mean to me.”

“And I am?” Castiel paused in working his way through the beers he’d accumulated to give Sam a hurt look.

“No, you’re not being mean to me.  It’s just funny watching you drink that much and still be the least drunk person at the table.  And Dean is being mean.”

Castiel nodded and took the quarter.  Dean whooped.  “Your first give of the night!  Use them wisely!”

“Benny, take one, Dean and Sam, two each.”

Dean finished his drinks and grabbed the coin.  This time… he was the first to get his hands in position.  “MOOSE!”

Benny and Cas were right behind him, leaving Sam last.  “Figures.”  He took the moose cup and drained it.  “God that’s crap.”

They called off the game when all four of them missed in a row – too drunk to hit was the call.  Dean staggered off to his room, Benny headed out to find some blood, and Sam and Cas tried to clean up the empty beer cans.

There were a lot.  Castiel dropped a can he’d just picked up and glared at it as if it had just insulted his mother.  “Perhaps this was a bad idea.  Cleanup would be a lot easier if I had stuck to the normal drinks.”

“Nah, this was a great idea, now you’re getting the full experience too.”  Sam picked up the can Cas had dropped and carried it to the trash.  “Not mine, I didn’t do the frat thing, but Dean thinks that’s how I spent four years of my life.”  He looked around.  Good enough.  Dean and Benny could finish in the morning.  “Come on, let’s go to bed.”

“I don’t…”

“So?  Doesn’t mean you can’t come with me.”  Sam wrapped an arm around Castiel’s shoulders and started pulling him towards his bedroom.

Once they got there, Castiel stopped.  “Sam, you’re drunk, I shouldn’t…”

“Just come hold me until I fall asleep?  Please?”  Sam turned on the puppy dog eyes.  “I want this when I’m sober, I just remember all the reasons I can’t have it.”

“Such as?”

“Such as you’re an angel and I’m the boy with the demon blood?  The one who nearly destroyed the world?”

“I did too, if you remember.  I set Leviathans on the world.”

“And I set Lucifer.”

Castiel shook his head.  “We can talk about this in the morning, Sam.  You should sleep.  Yes,