of sight of the classroom door, because even though he'd been asthmatic for his whole life, there was still something about taking his meds in front of everyone that he couldn't stand. Probably the way they all looked at him like they were afraid he had something contagious, or else like he was about to stop breathing and fall over any second.

Smirking at the idea of simply toppling over and going belly-up like some kind of cartoon turtle, he reached into his pocket to retrieve his inhaler and find some relief before he made his way to his desk.

Except his inhaler wasn't there.

Starting to feel the first tendrils of worry creeping up his spine, Sam checked again, his hand scrabbling around in one pocket, then the other, and then the pockets of his pants, coming up empty each time.

Okay, so this was definitely not good. Where was it? If it was all the way back in his dorm, it was too far away to get now; the cold would only make it worse. And if he'd lost it somewhere along the way…

Now he was starting to panic for real, feeling his breath crackle and hiss with every inhale and exhale. The muscles of his throat were tensed and straining and he arched his neck, trying to open his airway just a little wider, and he was starting to get more than a little lightheaded.

Can'tbreathecan'tbreathecan'tbreathe… his body seemed to scream, which was stupid because he already fucking knew that, dammit! His heart was pounding hard against his breastbone, and he rubbed his knuckles hard against his chest and then just under his collarbone, trying in vain to loosen up some of the tightening muscles as he started to see black dots swimming in his vision.

He felt his back hit the wall and slid down until he was more slumped against it than sitting, stuttering breaths squeaking in and out between his tingling lips and yeah, I really don't feel so good right now… His back muscles tensed as his chest jutted out, trying to open his ribcage and suck in as much oxygen as possible but it just wasn't working.

"Hey, is he okay?" he heard someone shouting from down the hall. And what kind of question was that? He was barely breathing here! He pressed his palm to his chest, leaning forward a little and trying so hard to suck in air that he was actually vocalizing each inhale and exhale. There were footsteps echoing on the tile as they approached him, sounding strangely warped and far away as if they were under water.

Then someone was at his side – no, two someones – and the first girl was frantically searching for a cell phone and practically screaming that she was going to call 911, while the second knelt at his side and put one hand on his shoulder and the other on his heaving chest.

"Hey, just relax, it's gonna be okay," Second Girl said calmly, guiding him into moving so he was sitting on his knees and bending forward so he put less pressure on his diaphragm. She said something to shut the other girl up and made her put the phone away, and then turned her attention back to Sam. "Can you try to take a deep breath for me?"

Sam glared weakly at her but complied, achieving nothing but a strangled, crackling squeak before he was coughing and gasping so hard it nearly had him puking on the floor. Okay, so deep breaths were definitely still a no-go. And now he was hardly making any sounds at all, which his panicky, oxygen-starved brain blearily reminded him probably wasn't good.

"Alright, it's okay. You have asthma?"

"Y- es…" Sam gasped out, not even caring who was watching or who he freaked out now if he could just get some damn oxygen in his body. "C-can't… f – ind.. in… haler…"

The girl nodded, taking her hands off of Sam so she could search for something in her purse, and he really hoped it was an oxygen tank because he was about ten seconds from passing out and he wasn't sure his body would remember to keep trying to breathe when he did. And then she was pulling out a red asthma pump, shaking it furiously before taking the cap off and holding it to his lips since his hands were too shaky to do it himself. He had never seen anything so beautiful in his life.

"You know how this goes, big breath in and hold it," she said, and squeezed the pump twice. Sam took the biggest breath he could manage, which was barely any at all, but the difference was immediate. He was still wheezing horribly, but making more racket was good, it meant there was more air going in and out to make noise. Then the inhaler was at his mouth again, and they repeated the same procedure two more times, until his lungs could expand to most of their normal capacity and the wheezing had mostly stopped.

"Thank you… so much…" Sam panted,