in Dean's voice, and the presence behind him moved away.  Sam saw him approach the corpse on the ground, out of the corner of his eye.  Dean seemed to consider it for a long moment, before bending and picking up the gun.

Sam clenched his eyes tight, terrified.  He prayed to God, to Castiel, to anyone who might hear - to Lucifer and to Michael to please, please not let this be happening.  The menacing presence moved behind him again, and a frightened whimper slipped from his lips.

“Sammy.  You know, don't you, that your brother always wanted to fuck you.”  Dean's voice was conspiratorial, low in Sam's ear.  Sam felt the muzzle of the gun press hard into the hollow at the base of his skull.

“N-no... please...”

“Yes.”  A vicious jab of the gun made Sam whimper again.  “He always wanted you.  Even when you were a kid.”  Dean's voice was filled with a venomous sort of glee.  “Wanted to know how good that little twelve-year old mouth would feel around his cock, wanted to feel it in your throat, his hand wrapped around your scrawny neck.”

The gun traced its way down Sam's spine, achingly slow.

Sam clamped his mouth shut, refusing to acknowledge what the monster wearing his brother's face was saying.

“Yeah.”  The gun bumped over every one of Sam's vertebrae, harsh steel dragging over vulnerable skin.  “Yeah, he wanted you.  He wanted you right up until I snapped his fucking neck.  And because I'm him, new and improved, that means I want you too, Sammy.”

Sam shuddered and tried to bolt, only to find that his muscles, his arms and legs didn't want to listen to him.  He was held immobile, cheek smushed against the bloodstained wall.  He started to hyperventilate.  The gun had slid to the dip of Sam's lower back, just above his ass.

“Not gonna beg me to stop, Sammy?  You that much of a whore now?”  Dean mused, and Sam felt the gun slide to the top of his ass crack.

Sam's self-imposed silence shattered. “P-please, Dean, please, don't... don't...”  Sam's voice stuttered and died as the gun continued its downward slide, between Sam's cheeks, finally stopping against Sam's hole, pressure barely there.  The tears building in Sam's eyes slipped down his cheeks.

Sam felt Dean shift behind him, uncertain what was happening, but the blunt, gentle pressure of the gun at Sam's hole didn't change.  On his left hip, Dean's hand brushed aside the tattered remnants of Sam's pants and gripped hard.  

“Yeah, I think you're just about enough of a whore to enjoy this.”  Dean's voice was tight with something Sam couldn't identify, before Dean rammed the gun up and inside Sam with all the force he could muster.

Sam screamed, violated and torn, searing pain tearing through him.  He felt the trigger guard pressed against his perineum, heard Dean's dark chuckle, and the familiar sensation of his own blood flowing hot over his skin.  Sam's fingers clawed against the wall.

“You like that, huh?”  Dean's voice was thick with lust.  He pulled the gun out a little, only to ram it back in, drawing a broken groan from Sam's mouth.  He fucked Sam mercilessly with the gun for a few moments as Sam trembled and cried, before seeming to bore of it.  He yanked the gun out, tossing it aside and licking a long stripe up the blood trailing down Sam's thigh.

Sam's brain had kind of shut off under the vicious thrusts from the gun, the sickening, tearing pain, but snapped back when he felt Dean's tongue against his skin.

“Tasty.”

Sam felt Dean shift behind him again, felt a harsh hand wrap around his upper arm, roughly turning him and pressing his back to the wall.  Sam kept his eyes closed tight, and Dean's lips, wet with Sam's blood, pressed against his.  Sam kept his mouth shut tight, until vicious fingers on his jaw forced his mouth open.

Dean violated Sam's mouth, filling it with his twisting, probing tongue and the sickening flavour of his own blood.  Sam endured, utterly still.

Dean pulled back eventually.  “A little more enthusiasm would be nice.”  He almost sounded hurt, and Sam hated the part within himself that oozed guilt like tar.

“Get on your knees.”  Dean instructed, his voice even and neutral.

“No.”  Sam's voice was small, and the word slipping from his mouth seemed to surprise Dean almost as much as it surprised Sam himself.  Sam opened his eyes.  Dean looked a little taken aback.

“Get on your knees, Sammy.”  Dean repeated, and he smiled.  It was truly a thing of