‘Danger’ button might be a little too close to the ‘Oh Fuck, Really?’ button, ‘cause he feels like he’s getting mixed signals here.

He sees his other self smile. “You always have the best ideas.” One hand goes up and around Castiel’s neck, the other settles on his hip and pulls him in with a sharp jerk.

“He’s a little shy,” Castiel breathes across Other Dean’s lips before he turns his head to look eyes with Dean. Who honestly should not be staring. He turns his head and focuses his eyes on the wall and tries to think completely un-sexy thoughts. Hunting. Hunting is a good idea. He starts to catalogue monsters and how to kill them in his head.

“Shy Me! I love playing Shy Me,” he hears Other Dean exclaim. There’s a wet kiss sound and one of them, he’s really not sure who (it’s Cas, it’s totally Cas, he can fucking tell) groans.

“I told him it was one of my favorite games too.”

You have to electrocute Rawheads, except fuck they have the word ‘head’ in their name and that’s bad. He grimaces and at the same time he can hear them both breathing heavy and he hears the shuffle of feet and then a loud clunk as one of them knocks into the dining table.

“Fuck you are impatient today,” Castiel groans out. Dean doesn’t want to close his eyes because it makes him feel vulnerable, like a really fucked up version of that game, What time is Mr. Wolf, where you turn your back on the other kids and when you’re not looking, they creep forward. So he just keeps his head firmly turned to one side and if he happens to see, out of the corner of his eye, his alter self pushing Castiel down backward across the table, that’s not really his fault.

Castiel is lying on the table with his long legs dangling over the edge and Other Dean kicks them wider apart and steps in between them, roughly pushing Castiel’s shirt up to his armpits before he starts biting and sucking at the flesh of the angel’s chest. Castiel’s hands grab at the round globes of Other Dean’s ass and squeeze, pulling Other Dean toward the cradle of his hips.

“I’ve been trying to get into your pants all fucking day. All I could think about was ways to get you naked and under me,” Other Dean rasps. He crushes their lips together and it looks like he’s trying to swallow Cas’ tongue entirely. Not that Dean’s looking.

He’s really not.

Vampires. You have to stake vampires. Except vampires suck. Suck blood, yes, but suck nonetheless. And stakes are long. And hard.

He’s so fucked. And he really wishes he could think of another word, but he can’t. He just can’t. Not when he can see his Other self running his hands down Cas’ ribcage and chest, stopping to pull apart the soft denim at the button of the waist band. Other Dean pulls the zipper down slowly, tooth by tooth, watching Cas, who is in turn watching him back. Neither one of them is shy or awkward. They just stare at each other darkly, lustfully. They want each other and they aren’t embarrassed or weird about it. They know one other and…

Love?

That actually makes him turn his head and stop pretending not to watch and stare at them for a moment. They are frozen at a point in time; Cas stretched back over the table, head craned up to look at Other Dean, hands still cupping his ass, legs swaying lazily. Other Dean’s lips hovering over the angel’s belly button, hands curling around the waistband of the dark denim. He watches his dark alter smile, and Dean knows his own face, he knows that look and it isn’t just lust. It’s something more like a promise or vow. And it hurts a little to see the Other Cas smile back the same way, a smile full of desire and longing and affection. He’s surprised that it hurts a little. But then again, he’s not.

Other Dean finally breaks eye contact and his lashes flutter down as he kisses the angel’s stomach, flicking his tongue into his belly button. Cas exhales on a long groan and his head drops back, hitting the table with a loud ‘thunk’ but he doesn’t look like he minds. He threads his long fingers, (fuck he really does have long fingers) through Other Dean’s hair. Other Dean tugs at the angel’s jeans, pulling and forcing the fabric off his hips and out from underneath his ass, leaving it pooling around his knees. It’s wrongfully mesmerizing to watch Castiel’s erection spring free and jut upwards. It’s the one thing that both Dean’s have their eyes on.

Other