one who knows you could say the things she was saying.”  Cas paused, smiling a little.  “Well, one of them, they would.  You are smart, and I certainly wouldn’t bet against you for valedictorian.”

Sam snorted.  “Yeah.  I’m a smart freak.”

“You’re not a freak.  How are you supposed to be a freak?”

“Well, I’m smart.  Back in kindergarten, I actually had to switch classes after a week because my teacher didn’t know what to do with a kid who could already read and add and subtract and recite the pledge of allegiance and identify the president and senate and governor and all that.  Did you know that after the fire, Dean didn’t talk for a long time?  But Dad found that if it were for me, Dean was willing to talk.  So he made Dean read his homework to me since I didn’t have a mom to teach me things like he’d had, and over time, Dean got used to talking again.  And I learned some stuff from it.  They didn’t wanna let me skip up a grade because I’m already so young, so I was the freak who was too smart for the teacher.  And a lot of people think I’m a freak because Dean and I are so close.”

“So you’re smart and have a good relationship with your brother.  Not seeing how either of those are things to be ashamed of.”

“I’m a giant nerd, Cas.  You must have noticed.  Meg’s mostly right about my lack of friends.  There’s you, there’s Dean, there’s Eileen and Jess.  That’s it.  Usually, I’m happy that way.  But having it thrown at me like an accusation, like I’d have more friends if there weren’t something wrong with me…”

“People who define themselves by their popularity, like Meg, think there’s something wrong with people who don’t.  But if you think about it… if something bad happened to you, you know that the four of us would absolutely be there, supporting you however we could, as long as you needed us.  How many of Meg’s many friends do you think you can say that about?”

Sam blinked back the tears.  “That’s true.  Three good friends and an awesome brother are way better than twenty fair-weathers.  But I just… I don’t fit in.  I’m too poor, too smart, too small to be as athletic as I am, Dad’s paranoid military survival training means I have too many weird skills.”

“You’ll grow.  Look at Dean.  I bet you grow to be even bigger.  Senior year, you’re going to be the devastatingly good-looking star of the football and basketball teams valedictorian who’s also most likely to survive the zombie apocalypse.  You’ll need a bodyguard to protect you from the girls who want you.”

Sam laughed.  “You are so ridiculous.  I won’t need a bodyguard.  Why the hell would any girl want me?”

“Did I mention the devastating good looks?  Sports star?  Valedictorian?  How about the fact that you tutor after school while you wait for Dean to get off work, whoever wants to show up, for free unless they choose to pay you?  You are amazing, Sam.  No girl who can’t see that is worth your time.”

Sam fought back a smile.  “I don’t want a girl.  I’m gay.”

That was news to Cas, but very welcome.  “Then no boy who can’t see that is worth your time either.  And don’t you dare throw that on the freak pile, because it doesn’t make you a freak.  It just makes you gay.  In the sense of being homosexual, not as a slur.”

Sam lost the fight, and Cas was thrilled to see the big smile.  “You’re ridiculous.”

“And when you smile you’re like actual sunshine.  Come on.  Feel better?”

“Yeah, I do.”  Sam leaned into Cas’s hug.  When he pulled back, he narrowed his eyes at Cas.  “Wait a minute.  Are you just being ridiculous to cheer me up, or do you have a crush on me?”

Cas smirked.  “See?  Smart.”

“You’re… you could’ve led with that, you know.  It’s not Meg who I care what they think.  But she’s got the world’s biggest crush on you, and you kinda flirt back…”

Castiel swatted Sam’s shoulder.  “And if you think I’d ever pick a girl like Meg over my best friend, I may need to take back all the compliments I’ve given you about your intelligence.  I didn’t know you were gay.”

“It’s kinda… I’m still figuring it out, you know?  If I were going to