a little bad for pushing him, Misha pulled the covers up and over Jensen’s bare shoulder and since no one was there to see he lightly brushed the hair off Jen’s forehead with his fingertips. Misha smiled a soft smile and resisted the urge to kiss him.


 


He got up. Put on pajama pants and crawled into bed next to his best friend. Shutting off the light he thought “This is by far the weirdest night I’ll spend and that’s saying something for me”







The morning light streaming in through the balconies sliding glass door woke Jensen up. His first thought was that he should have closed the black-out curtains the night before. His next thought was a little more alarming, his room was on the west end of the house. The sunrise shouldn’t be streaming in through his window since the sun rises in the east. Equally alarming was the arm that he felt draped across him and his legs intertwined with someone. His eyes popped open. He was grateful he didn’t really get hangovers or that move would really have hurt, instead, the bright sun hitting him was just mildly annoying. He glanced at the person next to him and his breath caught. It was Misha. Jensen closed his eyes tightly and reopened them. Yep. It was definitely Misha. But this wasn’t a Misha he had seen before. His hair was tousled from sleep,he had a little bit of stubble on his face and he was smiling slightly, looking peaceful. The sheet had slipped down to reveal he was shirtless and the arm still flung over Jensen was muscular but trim. The thigh slid between Jensen's two thighs was strong and thick and made him realize maybe all that bicycling and swimming paid off. But the icing on the cake was Misha himself, he wasn’t acting silly or nervous, he was just holding onto him. This should maybe freak him out but it didn’t. Jensen had acknowledged a while back that he found certain men attractive and that maybe there was a reason for that, he just hadn’t acted on it. Bracing himself he spoke out loud “Well, time to face the music” 


 


He shook Misha “Hey, uh. mish...uhm..I’m kind-of. In your bed.”


 


He received a very grumpy “No shit sherlock.” for a reply but Misha didn’t move.


 


Misha’s reply made Jensen grumpy, “Well, you wanna explain how I got here?”


 


“I figured you would do that when you woke up” Misha scoffed. Then added “I need fucking coffee”


 


He rolled out of bed and stretched as if he hadn’t just been cuddling up to Jensen and paid no attention to the fact that his pajama pants rode so low on his hips you could tell he wore no underwear with them. He set the coffee maker and turned around, crossing his arms in front of him and leaning against the dresser. Jensen tore his eyes from Misha’s hips to look at his face just as Misha raised his eyebrows and asked “Well?”


 


Jensen shrugged “Well… what? I mean besides the fact that you are apparently grumpy as shit in the morning.”


 


Misha pinched the bridge of his nose “Well. I came into my room last night and your ass was asleep in my bed. After you told me to fuck off, that the fans paid taxpayer dollars for you to sleep here, oh and my favorite for "Cas" to blow you, you proceeded to go back to sleep. So I pushed you over and went to bed. So that might explain why I'm grumpy but I don’t know how you ended up here or why you were that drunk, for that matter.”


 


Jensen thought he would rather just slink out and not talk about this but Misha was his best friend (aside from Jared but he was still blissfully happily married) and if anyone could understand he would. Jensen rubbed his palms on his legs and cleared his throat “Well, you know the divorce has been hard on me “ Misha nodded. He didn’t have to say more than that. “ Well,last night I talked to JJ and she asked how come she had to live with mom all the time. You know, it’s like.. How do you even explain that to a 6 yr old? So, I tried to explain, probably sucked at it. Told her I loved her and I would see her soon and then, in true nature of the character I played, I got wasted.”


 


Misha didn’t talk yet, he poured two cups of coffee. He added cream and sugar to his own and handed Jensen his just black. He sat next to Jensen on the bed and they sipped their coffee quietly for a few minutes. Then Jensen set his cup down and got up “I guess I should go. I’ll let you get back to sleep.”


 


Misha set his cup down too and began to walk with Jensen to the door. Jensen reached for the knob and Misha’s hand cover his, their eyes locked