NY; and one that only came out on Friday and Saturday nights.  They arrived on a Sunday night, before Dad had realised the pattern.  So there had been one week, shining bright in the dimness of Dean's childhood memory, where they'd been largely at ease.  It was that week of Christmas break, the only one where Sam would stop studying (even at age eleven).

As Dean reverses into a carspace with a curse at the shoddy brakes on the tiny hatchback he'd been driving for the past couple of days, he wishes desperately that Sam hadn't been so attentive; didn't realise that Dean's favourite memory was of snowball fights under the shining sun.

There are a million things Dean wishes.  But mostly they all come down to the fact that Dean can't bear this feeling, more than he can't bear the despair of knowing it's all over. 

No, far worse is the twisting heartbreak of Sam's love, warped and dark and horribly beautiful.

 

It isn't cold Texas where Sam finally catches up.  

Instead, it's a suburban road in California, about ten minutes drive from Stanford University.

It was stupid to come here, Dean knows that; but in the midst of all the running, he's somehow forgotten exactly whereabouts he's been running.  It isn't till he finds himself staring in blank disbelief at the front of a far-too familiar building that he realises exactly where he is.  

It's a bit different for the complete absence of people, of course.  But still, it's a bit hard not to recognise the place, not with the bloody giant sign at the front.

Sam probably doesn't realise that Dean is this familiar with the place.  Sam never knew, after all, how many times Dean managed to sneak away from Dad; how many times Dean found himself here over those long four years.  How many times Dean yearned to step onto the university grounds and find his baby brother.

(But Stanford had been Sam's world, Sam's escape.  Not Dean's, because if Sam got normality then Dean was never, ever going to have the chance.)

Still - after Dean gets over the initial freakout of where his mind has taken him (to a time when he'd been reaching out for his brother, not fleeing him), he figures it's not actually a bad idea to stick around, if only for a little.  This has got to be the last place Sam would expect to find him, after all.  

He's not bitter about that, if only because right now he's wishing Sam had stayed with Stanford and away from Dean, away from the way Dean couldn't help but fuck him up, couldn't help but ooze his own corruption onto Sam.  

Dean wonders sometimes whether he's the reason Jessica died.  They'd been doing fine till the night Dean had showed up, after all; till the night she ended up pinned to the ceiling, dead and burning.  Sure, Azazel had said all that crap about how Sam was never going to have a normal life, how Jess had been holding him back, blah blah.  But it couldn't have been a coincidence, Dean appearing and Jess dying.

Perhaps that's why Dean's here right now; driving down a road he's only traveled twice before.  Once to find Sam, once to bring him back (and goddamnit, if that had just worked maybe this wouldn't be-)

~

When Dean parks today's shitty Ford on the curb opposite Sam's old house, it's to the strangest feeling of deja vu. The house looks the same as it did that night; that night when Dean had finally gathered up his nerve, had brushed aside all the thoughts of Sammy-won't-want-me (oh yeah, he's not worried about that anymore) and he'll hate me (not so sure about that one.)  In truth, it looks a little too similar; as though it hasn't been years since that night.  Jessica could still be alive for all the changes that haven't happened to the building.  Sam could have his law interview in a couple of days.  Dad could still be alive - missing, but alive - and Dean.

Well, he might not have been the happiest little sunshine back then, but it's not as though it's any different now.

The house is the same, Dean's happiness levels are the same.

But it's not the same, that's the thing.  Not really.  It must have been rebuilt after the fire; different, no matter how similar it looks.  There are none of Sam's clothes in it, strewn messily across the floor of his bedroom.  There's no Jess in that house, baking cookies for Sam like a good little housewife.  Probably no one, if the inhabitants know what's good for them and have scampered.  There