. The younger Winchester did so, and then took hold of it when Dean immediately tried to lunge for Cas, grunting as he strained to keep control against his brother's inhuman strength. Unfazed, the angel knelt down beside Dean, taking the hunter's hand in his and pressing his forehead to the inside of Dean's wrist.

"No matter what happens between us after this, Dean," Castiel whispered sadly, his voice barely audible as the demon snarled and rattled his chains, "I want you to know that I love you. I've always loved you, from the day I pulled your soul out of the fire in Hell. And whether you feel the same or not, I would give anything in the world to see you safe and happy, even my own life."

Sam's gaped at Cas, taken aback by this revelation, as the angel leaned forward and touched his lips to the Mark on Dean's arm. It immediately started to glow, first fiery red and then an icy blue. As he looked on in awe, he saw Castiel's eyes open wide, the brilliant grace shining from within them beginning to dim while the glow surrounding the Mark grew brighter and brighter. Dean writhed as much as his bonds would allow, now screaming in agony rather than anger, and tried to pull away from the angel's grip.

"S-Sam…" Castiel hissed from between clenched teeth, still somehow holding onto Dean despite the fact that the demon had broken his other arm loose from its bonds and was now gouging at the angel's face with his nails in a desperate attempt to free himself. "Let go of him and… close… your eyes."

Castiel gasped sharply, his eyes flickering between jet-black and his usual baby-blue, and he took one of his hands off of Dean's wrist, clutching at his chest as he doubled over in pain. "Close your eyes… now!"

Sam backed up and clamped his eyes shut, but not before he had time to see the way Castiel's eyes flickered between blue and black and then finally began glowing white, Dean's doing the same as the both of them threw their heads back and screamed. For several moments the room felt white-hot, and Sam was sure his skin was burning away from his bones as an unbearable heat cascaded over him like lava. He cried out, trying to back away from the source of the heat and covering his face with his arm, and the ground beneath him trembled like he was at the epicenter of an earthquake.

After what seemed like an eternity, everything suddenly grew still, so quickly that it took him a few moments before he dared open his eyes again. When he did, he hurriedly went to Dean's side, shaking his unconscious brother's shoulders and calling his name until he stirred and opened his eyes – his green, not black, eyes. Dean blinked blearily up at him, softly muttering "S'mmy…?" and Sam breathed a sigh of relief, wrapping his arms around his brother in a tight hug.

"Welcome back, Dean."

"'m back?" Dean muttered, looking down at his arm where the Mark of Cain had once been and instead seeing a new scar, this one shaped like a feather with the tip pointed down toward his hand. It fully covered the place where the Mark had once been, and it also reminded Dean of something.

"Cas… Where's Cas?" he asked, suddenly agitated as he tried to get up and realized he was still chained to the chair. Sam hurriedly unlocked the chains, and they fell to the floor with a clatter as Dean stood and staggered to the other side of the room, where he could see Castiel lying against the wall in a crumpled heap. Sam was only a fraction of a second behind him, his heart sinking as he saw the black wing-shaped marks etched into the wall and floor around the angel's body and realized he couldn't see him breathing.

"Cas? Cas, come on, buddy," Dean said softly, his voice wrecked from all of the screaming he had been doing only moments ago. He reached out and grabbed Castiel's shoulder, shaking him slightly while Sam slid two fingers beneath his jawline to check for a pulse. "Cas. Come on, man, wake up!" He was really starting to panic now, and he shook the angel's shoulder a little harder, not able to even think about the fact that seeing wing-prints etched into the concrete before had always meant their owner was dead.

To his relief Cas suddenly groaned, his face twitching slightly before his eyes opened to narrow slits, and then he blearily stared up at the two brothers in front of him. His gaze dropped to Dean's right arm and he suddenly smiled, taking Dean's hand and pulling it toward him so he could better view his handiwork. He had known that this ritual was intended to use his own grace to cancel out the evil of the Mark and seal it away forever, but