of which appears to be the bed Castiel is in.  Opposite Castiel is a television screen, stretching wide across the wall.  Something both the Winchester boys would have appreciated (no more, no more).  A quick glance to the left shows the room widening out; and a door, almost unnoticeable except for the discreet silver doorknob.  The huge expanse of floor from the bed to the door is a rich dark wood, smooth and gleaming.

To the right is slightly less room, but, still the floor stretches out a far way before meeting the wall.  There are two more doors over there; one closed, the other one open.  There is no way to be certain, but Castiel can only assume from the glimpse of what looks like white tile that the bathroom must be behind that.

"I would willingly have given you a tour."  Of course Lucifer knows what he's doing.

Castiel takes a deep breath - steady - before turning his head to look at the archangel.  "Where are we?" he asks again.  Calm.

Lucifer blinks, slowly, and tilts his head thoughtfully; as though he's trying to locate himself.  It reminds Castiel with a jolt that Lucifer has walked the earth for barely three or four months.  Place names like Colorado and Texas that Castiel still has to reach for must be akin to a foreign language for his brother.

"Los Angeles," Lucifer finally says, in a perfect Spanish accent.  "The Angels.  I thought it fitting, considering."

Though Castiel does not believe he means those words to sting, they do nonetheless; and perhaps it is not wise to turn his head from the Devil, but he cannot help but do so, if only in an attempt to hide the deep flush of shame.

The soft pressure of cool skin on Castiel's shoulder comes as a surprise; he startles slightly, whipping his gaze straight back to Lucifer, wide-eyed and and instantly fearful once more. 

This time, Lucifer does not withdraw.  "I meant no slight, brother," the archangel says soothingly, as though attempting to calm a frightened animal.  "You are no lesser for the suffering you have undergone; indeed, you are all the greater."

Formal language, a corner of Castiel's mind notes clinically.  Perhaps it was the fact that he was finally in his true vessel; less of the vessel's mannerisms coming through, no rough edges.  Castiel has no idea what this means for Sam and Sam's soul.

Either way, there are no popular culture references slipping from the archangel's lips now.  Only his brother, whose hand continues to linger on Castiel's naked skin. 

No humanity; only his brother, the archangel Lucifer, the Morning Star. 

Castiel has become too human, clearly, for that idea terrifies him profoundly.

After a long, terrified moment, Castiel licks his dried lips and swallows in a paltry attempt to force moisture to his mouth.  "What happened after..."  His voice cracks.  "Where is Michael?"

Lucifer does not reply; merely gazes at him, as something flickers and shutters in his expression. 


Dead.



Dead.  Michael is dead.  


A high keening sound fills Castiel's ears.  A mournful, pained noise of agony that grates at him.

It takes a long moment for him to realise that the noise is emerging from his own mouth; that his back is curled, that he has his hands around his folded legs and that it is his nails that are digging into his skin, hard enough to draw blood. 

He had not thought it would hurt this much, the death of an archangel.  Sam and Dean had told Castiel of Gabriel's death, yet it had been something he had barely believed.  And Gabriel had vanished too long ago, before the War.  It was no wonder that Castiel had not recognised his brother, for their Graces had hardly touched.

But Michael - Michael had held them to course, for all those millennia.  Michael had saved them after the War when Heaven's brightest had been lost to them forever.  Whatever Dean might have thought of Michael, it had been Castiel's oldest brother who had comforted him after he had been forced to take those first-born sons, after Moses. 

Michael, more than any other angel, had wept for Lucifer's fall.

And Lucifer had-

Castiel's wail cuts off in an instant as he unfurls and swings his fist at the archangel; who does not so much as flinch as Castiel strikes him.

Castiel, on the other hand, draws back with a hiss of pain, massaging his wrist.  He cannot be sure, but it is entirely possible that over the ring of agony in his ears, there had been the audible sound of a crack.

"Give me your hand."  Lucifer does not wait for him to obey; merely reaches forwards and clasps Castiel's wrist firmly.  The bone knits together in blazing coldness.

So that is what it feels like, to be healed by an angel, Castiel thinks dazedly, before things click together over the shock of remembered pain and he realises that this is