“If I were planning on assaulting Hell, I wouldn’t have come alone.”

“Probably shoulda brought someone to watch your back while you did whatever it is you’re plannin’ on doing.  Never been there, but Dean said Hell was no joke, and Castiel had some pretty nasty stories about his trips down.”  Benny sniffed the air and changed his direction slightly.  “So what’s your story with Castiel?”

“Not really much of a story.  Metatron tricked Castiel into helping him do a spell to kick the angels out of Heaven, I helped him build the army to retake it, and at the last minute Castiel chose the Winchesters over his army.  I don’t understand his loyalty to them.  Sam’s an abomination and Dean may be Heaven’s Righteous Man, but he’s a complete ass.”

“Dean’s a good guy.  Not Sam’s biggest fan myself, but abomination seems a little much, don’t it?  No one Dean and Cas love that much can be all bad.”

“Oh, Sam seems like a decent enough person for what he is, but he’s got demon blood in him.  Therefore, he’s an abomination.  The boy with the demon blood.  If Cas were still human, I’d understand, but for an angel to associate with an abomination is a little weird.  Still going with Dean being an ass, though.  He killed a Reaper who was under our protection, for no reason other than because he could.  And the way he was treating Cas?”  Hannah sighed.  “Doesn’t matter now, Dean’s become a demon.”

“How’d that happen?”

“It’s a long story that I only know about half of.  He bore the Mark of Cain.  Have you heard of that?”

“Only from where my mama made me memorize the Bible.”

“When you die while bearing it, it makes you a demon.  I don’t know how or why he had it, but when Metatron killed him…”

“Cas and Sam okay?”

“Cas is dying because his stolen grace is burning him from the inside out.  His grace was stolen from him to fuel Metatron’s spell, and he stole the grace of an angel who tried to kill him.  I don’t know about Sam.  Cas won’t give up the stolen grace and live as a human again because he thinks Sam needs him to track down and cure Dean, so to be perfectly honest, I really don’t care if Sam’s okay.”

-------------------------------------------- 


The lady sleeps! Oh, may her sleep, 
Which is enduring, so be deep!
Heaven have her in its sacred keep!
This chamber changed for one more holy,
This bed for one more melancholy,


Hannah wasn’t normally one for this kind of thing.  What’s dead should stay dead, unless a miracle was ordered by Heaven.  But if she was the one in charge now, then unless God came back, there was no reason why she couldn’t order a miracle.  Benny had genuinely changed, and he deserved a second chance.  Monsters simply weren’t supposed to go into Purgatory and become good people, but Benny had found a way.

-------------------------------------------- 

“Here we are.”  Benny pointed to the doorway.  “Purgatory to Hell isn’t exactly a popular trip… monsters who get caught on the other side get tortured.  So this side should remain pretty clear.”

“All right.  I hope to be only a few minutes, but it’ll depend on how much attention I draw on the other side.  Angels in Hell are even worse than angels in Purgatory.”  Hannah drew her angel blade.  Against demons, the holy power stored inside would make it far more useful than the bone sword.

Benny pulled his blade.  “I’m comin’ in with you.  Watch your back while you do whatever it is you’re doin’.”

“I can handle myself, Benny.”

“Oh, I’ve noticed that.  We wouldn’t’a got here if you couldn’t.  Just hate the thought of anything happening to you.  I’m not afraid of no demons, and if I go in with you, saves me the trouble of trying to figure out how long is too long and you need a rescue.  Short of locking yourself in, you can’t stop me from coming with you, so you may as well just accept it.”

Hannah smiled and nodded.  She liked this guy.  It wasn’t long until she was grateful for his stubbornness, either, as there were guards posted on the Hell side of the door.  Benny helped her take them out, and held off the first responders to the alarm while Hannah did what she came to do.

-------------------------------------------- 


For her may some tall vault unfold— 
Some vault that oft hath flung its black
And wingéd pannels fluttering back,
Triumphant, o’er the crested palls
Of her grand family funerals—
Some sepulchre, remote, alone,
Against whose portals she hath thrown,
In childhood, many an idle