. You step forward taking the items going to the open bathroom door. 

“I’ll be in there in a second so take your time.” Dean said making your stomach sick for a moment. You started to think about what he might do to you after wards now that you were alone so where private.

You learn to live with Dean as an owner.

You close the door quickly looking at the sink and simple toilet with a small basket on the back of it. A shaving razor sat in it along with shaving cream  and complementary shampoo. You snatched the razor blade in small finger. Your heart beating rapidly holding it. An item that could be your freedom. 

You didn't know Dean. Other than he was the man that popped your cherry. He had made it nice and gentle, but he still was your owners now. 

'I'm just a sex toy.' You think coldly the razor getting heavier as dark thought flood in your mind your head cocked sideways to listen.
'You have to run.'
'Be free' a whisper
'Death is freedom' another soft whisper.
'I don't want to die' you sob inside.
'Would you rather get raped for the rest of your life?' Your mothers voice washed through your mind. 

Small tears run down your face as the razors protective lid falls to the floor. You raise it to your wrist looking at it sitting there. Feeling the cold crisp blades on your skin. You hold your breath ready to drag it down. 



'Be free' something whispers inside of you closing your eyes just as you add pressure.

The door opens making you jump slicing your wrist lightly. You hiss in pain as Dean walks in with a confused face. His eyes narrow on the blood dripping from your wrist on to the white tile floor.

"What the fuck!" He yells angrily quickly yanking the blade away. You cower immediately ready for the punishment your arms cover your face making blood fling along the wall and Dean.

"Jesus ____ stop it! I'm not going to hurt you."  He angrily bites out grabbing your bleeding wrist. He wrapped a towel around it next keeping tight pressure on it.

"I-I-I," you stutter in pain and panic still prepared for the punishment. He pulled you over to the sink before letting a little pressure off your cut. It started bleeding immidiatly making the white sink pink.

"Your damn lucky you didn't fucking die just now. What the hell _____ am I really that fucking bad to live with?" He mutters mostly running water over your wound before leaving you bleeding. He left the door open disappearing for a few seconds before coming back with bandages and medical tape.

"I can't live like this anymore." You say softly not looking at him just watching the blood run down the sink drain. He stilled for a moment going back to cleaning and bandaging your wound.

"Look I know Chad is really messed up, but I'm not like him. I hoped you had realized that the last time I saw you. I'm not going to hurt you ____ I expect things like rough sex maybe, but I will never hurt you just for fun." He said it sternly lifting your chin to look in eyes at the last part."Why has he made you so scared?" Dean asked before glancing at your bruised side. 

"He used to beat me almost constantly for very stupid reasons. Like using warm shower water for instance." You say your lips trembling a little when you saw anger flash through his eyes.

"That man is sick and now he is bringing a kid into his sick fucking world." Dean says through clenched teeth soon getting done wrapping the bandages. You relax a fraction looking at his stern face vigorously cleaning up the bloody sink.

"I just thought you would be the same some way. I'm sorry Dean. I just can't live like that anymore." You say a few tears running down your cheeks. He stopped cleaning looking at you with very soft stare. He sighed shaking his head slightly he put the supplies away letting you cry for a moment by yourself.

After a few seconds you follow him back into the bedroom seeing him sitting on the bed his gaze on the floor.

"We need to talk about what I expect from you. That way this doesn't happen again. I wanted to do it at our home, but I guess now is the best time." He began patting an empty spot on the bed next to him. You hesitate walking slowly to sit next to him his shirt rising slightly up your legs.

"What do you expect?" You ask curious about the bussiness like manner he had transformend into.

"I expect you to stay healthy at all times. Take care of your self food wise and hygiene. I like shaved legs, but I little bush is ok." He smiled lightly trying to makings you laugh or at least lighten up. 

"We won't be in an actual house for a while and until then I'm ok if we are not sexual. Unless