." He spoke those last words loud enough for the crowd to hear him, to know that he was not something to be handled lightly.

A bright flash of light force the entire stadium to cover their eyes, Michael's agonized scream seemed to fade as the light did, his body slumping to the ground. Cas stepped onto and over his wings. Since Michael had them out and fully visible, they weren't just an imprint by his corpse, they were solid and easily step-on-able.

Dean almost shrieked for joy as he watched that bastard's lifeless body hit the ground. "Oh my God! Cas you won!" he stepped onto the edge of his perch and leapt off, not doubting for a second that Castiel would catch him. And sure enough, he felt a rush of wind before he felt Cas' strong arms holding him up.

"Hello, beautiful." Cas smiled, his eyes looking Dean up and down, "You're mine now."

Dean couldn't stop smiling; his blush had taken over his face, making his teeth look even whiter than normal. He nodded quickly before burying his face in Cas' chest, nuzzling him, "Thank you," he whispered, tears of joy slipping down his cheeks.

Cas lifted Dean's head up gently and kissed him on the lips, neither of them intending to stop it. The crowd clapped enthusiastically, happy for the entertainment. At that moment Chuck stood and clapped more vigorously than the others. Everyone stood and after a while they were all gone, though Cas and Dean hadn't noticed, they were locked into that kiss and neither paid any attention. Cas finally broke it and smiled at his new lover, "I am so glad I met you."

Dean laughed, "I think you stole my line."

Cas shook his head, landing on the edge of Dean's window sill. Dean hadn't even noticed that Castiel had flown all the way to his place already. "No, before you looked into the back of that truck I was terrified." Cas opened the window with ease and stepped inside, placing Dean gently in the bed and crawling in beside him. Another thing Dean hadn't noticed was that Cas had picked up his tie and trench coat somewhere along the line.

"You? Terrified?" He had a hard time picturing it, "Why?"

"Me getting captured was not part of the plan." Cas removed both of their shoes and socks, tossing them to the floor, "I was frightened, I couldn't hear His voice when I was collared. The net hurt more than I had anticipated and the way they've set up the collars and the sensor points... I didn't expect to be able to leave, so I accepted my fate. But somehow, I heard Him after the first meeting with the scientists. He told me that this was part of His plan, what I do inside the Reserve is mostly up to me, though He would be giving me instructions along the way."

Dean frowned for a moment, "So... Was I part of the plan?"

"Part of mine," Cas smiled and carefully removed their pants, tossing both pairs to the floor. He ran his fingers up the inside of Dean's right thigh, hooking the base of his shirt and pulling it over his head.

Dean shuddered, Cas' returned to his hipline and ran across his midsection, getting to know his property. "So..." Dean smiled, "What's the plan for tonight?"

Cas removed his own shirt in a quick movement, dropping it off the edge of the bed, "Cuddling," he said casually, putting his arm behind Dean's head.

Dean sat in shock, "Wait, didn't you want-"

"I do, but I don't want to rush it." He leaned over and kissed Dean again, "I'm too tired now to enjoy it, so I'll do it differently and enjoy you on my arm, instead."

Dean blushed, "You..." he looked at Cas' exhausted smile and felt safer and more comfortable than he had in a long time. "Thank you, Cas."

"No problem, sweetheart."

 


I hadn't been referred to so kindly before, I hadn't ever been treated like a real person before. He was everything I ever wanted and more. I hadn't expected someone like him to come along in my lifetime, I thought I'd follow in Adam's footsteps and remove myself from the equation. It wasn't a glamorous decision, but I figured that it was the only one I had.



Then he showed up, he saved my life and my future. I could hardly believe that he was there with me, he did everything for me without hesitation, he never doubted me and he was forever faithful. I couldn't have asked for a better mate. I couldn't ever take another one, he'll be in my heart always.



Everything was good for the next year, nothing