get up or at least try to get his phone out of his pocket.

But he’s cold. And it hurts, Jesus fuck, it hurts.

He’s half on his side, upper body tipped slightly forward, legs akimbo. He can hear a faint gurgling sound coming from his own lips as he breathes and he can feel the rumbling lungs filling with blood. Some of it drips out of his mouth onto the dirt floor and fuck this is going to be the worst Christmas ever, even worse than the time Dad left him and Sammy alone in the hotel room and didn’t come back and Sammy kept looking at Dean and Dean just didn’t have any answers.

He twitches his fingers, or at least, he thinks he does. It’s so cold and he’s completely unprepared for the weather. He’s just got his leather jacket on and a flannel shirt that’s quickly getting colder as it gets soaked with blood and then cools in the night air. Sam had tossed a pair of gloves at him and a hat and Dean had scoffed that they were hardly going to be out for that long and then he tucked his hands into the sleeves of his coat. High-school gloves, he called it.

Sam had rolled his eyes.

Dean manages to get a hand into his pocket and pulls out his phone, dropping it on the ground. He slides it forward and gets it on, presses redial.

“Dean? I’m heading back to you now,” Sam says by way of answer.

“Need some help, Sammy,” Dean says. Or at least, that’s the general idea but what what comes out is more like, “nee s’melp, -smmy.”

He hears the Impala engine, already rumbling in the background, roar louder as Sam floors it.

Dean only realizes his eyes are closed when he hears something he can’t identify and can’t see for shit. He blearily cracks them open and sees hoofed feet in front of him. He tilts his head and feels a shock of fear when the reindeer’s face is inches from his. Fuck, this is it. Going down by a reindeer. He’s gotta say, he never saw that one coming. He hopes it doesn’t get out to other hunters. He hopes that they hear he died by poltergeist or rawhead. Shrtiga. Werewolf. Fuck anything but reindeer.

Warm air, blissfully warm air, wafts over his face. Christ is it sniffing him? Gonna make a meal out of him? Please let Sammy not walk in and see Blitzen going all Animal Planet on him.

He flinches at the first touch of muzzle, velvet soft and a little damp. It bizarrely nuzzles his face a bit and Dean flinches again when its hooves move, soft clomps on the ground as it walks, moves around Dean, behind him. There's a loud thump and then something hard and warm presses up against Dean’s back. It hurts to be jostled but it’s warm.

He’s not sure if time passes or Sam was quick or if he was unconscious for a bit, but the next thing he knows, he hears Sam calling his name. The warm, solid weight at his back disappears and he hears the foot stomps of hoofed feet skitter away and then Sam’s shoes are in front of him.

He blinks a few times confused by the shoes, but if Sam’s shoes are here, Sam must be here too.

“Fuck, Dean!”

Sam pushes him over onto his back and he can just make out Sam’s floppy hair and worries eyes.

“What the fuck, Dean?” Sam says and although it’s pretty clear he doesn’t really expect an answer, Dean feels obliged to give one anyway.

“Got run over by a reindeer,” he rasps, curling his lips in a bit of a smile. He feels the blood that was trickling out of his mouth start to slide down his throat. He swallows reflexively and gags a bit at the taste. The gagging makes his chest heave with pain and his face screws up with it.

“Don’t even,” Sam warns, getting his hands under Dean’s shoulders to haul him to the car.

“S’true,” Dean gasps. He gags with the pain when Sam lurches to his feet and starts dragging him to the Impala, turning his head a little bit and vomiting to the side. “But she feels bad ‘bout it,” he mumbles.

“Don’t talk, Dean, Jesus,” Sam says, tension clear in his voice as he manhandles Dean to the Impala. Dean vomits bile again when Sam hefts him a little to get him in the back seat. Sam covers him with the emergency blanket and slams the door hard.

Everything goes dark.

***

It’s all fuzzy and warm except for his left shoulder which is cold and chilly. There’s music playing and he can just barely make out the song.


Have a holly jolly Christmas, it's the best time of the