invisible to Heaven’s senses, as long as you keep them on with the hood up.  The second you take the hood down, all of Heaven will be alerted to your presence, somewhere human souls are not supposed to be.  Don’t do that.”

Sam shook out his cloak and put it on.  He figured he looked silly, but if it was for Cas?  He’d do it.  “How do we get Cas out?”

“You don’t. “

“Dammit, Hannah, we’re not…”

Hannah cut Dean off with a glare.  “You take down the warding so that Cas can get himself out.  If he’s too weak to do it, you slap this tracker on him.  My squadron and I will come get him if need be, but if he can get himself out, we’re less likely to get back into open civil war.”

 

The cloaks worked just as Hannah said they would.  They could walk right by an angel and the angel wouldn’t notice them.  Dean even tested walking through an angel, and it worked.

They found Cas huddled in a small room shouting at something they couldn’t see.  Dean pulled out the device Hannah had given them to find the wards, while Sam went to Castiel’s side.  “Hey.  Cas.”

Cas looked through him.  Right.  Angel.  He wouldn’t be able to... “Naomi!  Listen to me!  You will have to kill me before I betray the Winchesters again.  I would die before I let you make me hurt Sam.”

Dean and Sam exchanged startled looks.  Sam waved a hand.  “Cas?  Can you see me?”

“This is the best fake you’ve sent, I can feel the tug of his soul.”  Castiel struggled to his feet and took a step forward, his blade appearing in his hand.  “No.  No, I will not hurt him.”  He threw the blade to the ground a few feet in front of him.  He then went flying backwards as if shoved, even though neither Sam nor Dean had touched him.  His eyes went glassy.  “I know, Sam.  How could you not see me that way?  It doesn’t change my love for you.”

Sam got to his feet.  “Dean.  Find anything?”

“I’ve found two and marked them.  Doing a sweep for more.  We won’t have long after disrupting the first two before they realize what’s happening and come check, so I want to be sure we’ve got them all before we start.”  Dean glanced over at Cas.  Blood dripped from the angel’s nose as he took some sort of beating from the fake Sam.  “Really wish Hannah had given us two of these.”

There were six warding glyphs in total.  Sam and Dean made a quick plan, taking three each.  As soon as Dean scratched out the last glyph, Castiel’s face sharpened as the hallucinatory beating stopped.  He looked around in confusion.  Sam decided to take a chance and threw down his hood, Dean following a split second later.  Sam grabbed the angel’s hand.  “Cas, no time to explain, can you get us out of here?”

He’d barely finished speaking before the three of them were in the Bunker.  “How did you two get those cloaks?  How did you know to come for me?”

Hannah stepped forward.  “That was my doing.  How are you?”

“Tired.  Stiff.  In quite a bit of pain from Naomi’s devices.  I’ll recover quickly enough.  Thank you for the rescue.  You should get those cloaks back to Heaven before Naomi thinks to look for them.”

Hannah nodded and disappeared, and Castiel slumped into a chair.  “Thank you both.  I’m sorry I got captured.”

“Oh hell no.  Don’t do that.”  Dean sat on the table and put a hand on Cas’s shoulder.  “You’re family.  We aren’t leaving you behind.  Our job is to help you when you’re in trouble.”

“We haven’t always lived up to that, and I’m sorry for that,” Sam added.  He shifted his weight a little uncomfortably.  “If you knew it was fake, why wouldn’t you hurt the illusions Naomi threw at you?”

“Oh.  You… you heard some of that.”  Castiel stared at his hands.  “The point of that exercise was conditioning.  It would start as hurting an illusion of you in self-defense, but the goal was to break me.  Get me to a point where I would be willing to do whatever Naomi asked of me to you.  I couldn’t have held out forever, no one ever does, but I was not going to make it easy on her by giving in quickly on the self-defense.  It doesn’t matter.  I’m out, and I know better than to accept a summons from Naomi or any of her followers.”

“You said something about your love for Sam… when