" Jensen’s voice tightened, his eyes closed, and his breath changed from emphasizing the exhale, to emphasizing the inhale.

Danneel knew this response.  And she didn’t have time.  She had stuff of her own to do today, and the baby was about to wake up.  "Why?  Because you're scared?  Because you've never done something like this before?  Those are dumb reasons to stand in the way of love.  If you think you could love him, there's no reason not to try.  I don't want to be the thing that stands in the way of that.”  She heard his offense, his furrowed brow, his bulky stance, the look in his eyes.  She took a deep breath in.   “I will not let both of you come to resent me that way."

“Dannee-”

“No.”  Danneel cut him off.  She wasn’t going to give him the chance to give some reason that this wasn’t going to work. It was all going to amount to bullshit.  Bullshit she was just tired of.  She had felt her husband falling in love with his friend for years.  She knew when she married him there was something there.  They had talked about it.  She loved him, and she wasn’t going to let him walk away from more love because he was scared.  “Just go.  Find him.  Kiss him, hold him, love him, God fuck him if you have to.  Just go.  Go, Jensen.”  That came out harsher than she had intended.  She stopped and took a breath.  “Do you think you could love him?  Like do you think that you could at some point in the future, may it be ten minutes from now or ten months from now, love him?  Do you think you could kiss him, hold him, and look him in the eye and be completely in love with him?”

Jensen was silent.

“That’s what I thought.  Look, I’m ok, Jay.  I’m ok.  You and me, we’re solid.  I know you love me.  I know you’ll always love me.  And I love you, and I will always love you.  We’re not changing.  We are.  We are a fixture in this world.  We will always be, no matter what happens.  So go.  There is no reason for you to not try this.  The four of us, you, me, Misha, and Vicki will have to sit down one night soon and talk about it.  Set up boundaries and discuss comfort levels and things… we’ll make a night of it.  We’ll get a baby sitter for the kids and we’ll go out.  Or to the other couple’s home.  We’ll have some wine and we’ll discuss.  But for now, you need to go.  You need to find him.  And you need to make this right.  You need to let him know it’s ok.  And then you need to finish the day of shooting.”

Jensen exhaled all jagged like.  

“When you get home, we’ll talk.  And Misha’s going to get home and he and Vicki will talk.  And then tomorrow we can talk about when we’re all going to talk.  But just know.  You and me are strong.  And some silly thing like a non-traditional component to our relationship isn’t going to break us.  It’s ok, Jensen.  It’s ok.”  

Jensen exhaled again, this time it was smooth.  “Are you sure?”

“Are you not?” Danneel teased.

Jensen chuckled under his breath.  “I love you.”

“I love you too.  Now go.”

Jensen nodded.  In the background, he heard JJ wake up.  

“I have to go hun, duty calls.”

“Kiss her for me.”  Jensen smiled.  He was proud of his family.

“Only if you kiss Misha for me.”  Danneel loved teasing him.  She couldn’t help it.

“Go.”  Jensen echoed.  

They hung up the phone and Jensen took a deep breath before turning to go find Misha.  Jared stopped him.  

 

“Dude, what happened?”

“I don’t know, do you know where Misha is?”  Jensen didn’t have time to explain.  Every second he wasn’t with Misha, talking, kissing, whatever, this was getting more complicated.

“Uh, you weren’t just with him?”  Jensen loved him, but sometimes Jared was so short-sighted.  Jensen just looked at him.  “Oh.”  Jared understood his buddy was trying to figure things out.  “Gottcha.  Um, no.  I’d guess his trailer though.  He tore out of set pretty quickly.”  Jared gave Jensen a supportive pat on the shoulder, and Jensen went on his way.

 

When he got to Misha’s trailer, he saw Misha curled on the bed, face down.  He heard him crying.  “Mish?”  Misha didn’t answer.  “