some of the baddest motherfuckers this side of Heaven. Exactly how dense are you? I said move.” Her mismatched eyes had hardened, and now glowing dangerously.


 


“What’s so important? Trying to flee, short stack?” Sam adjusted his grip on the demon-blade.


 


“No, I have to use the bathroom, genius.” She scoffed with a laugh. “I suggest you move.”


 


“Alright. But be back out here in five.” Dean stepped back, lowering the colt.


 


“Oh I will. I’ve got questions for you. Do you seriously think I wouldn’t take the chance to interrogate the infamous Winchesters? I’ll be right back.” She winked and loped off back towards the building.


 


“She gives me a bad feeling, Sam.” Dean growled as he watched the long black-to-blue braid disappear into the school.


 


“Really? I though women gave you a real 

good

 feeling.” Sam joked back, tucking the demon-blade back into his waistband.


 


“Stuff it, smartass. I mean she seems all too comfortable. Seriously. I had a gun at her head, and she didn’t even flinch. You ever seen anyone act like that? Even a hunter?” Dean shot a look at his younger brother.


 


“No, you’re right there. She’s fiery though. Fierce. I’m willing to bet she’s one hell of a hunter - if she is a hunter of course.” The younger replied. “She’s certainly got good tastes in bikes. That’s an ‘84 Harley Softail. Not easy to find anymore.” He shot an appreciative glance over the bike.


 


“You’ve got a point there.” Dean relented, nodding.


 


“But really, Sam. She makes me nervous. And I 

never

 get nervous. We take her through the tests. If she’s really a hunter, she’ll be expecting it, and won’t fight it. Any sign of resistance, hold her down so I can take her through it anyway. Got it?”


 


“Got it. Here she comes.” Sam nodded toward the door, where the girl had just reappeared, a black leather satchel slung over her shoulder.


 


“Alright boys. We’ve got some stuff to talk about. I assume you want to put me through the motions first? No need to cut me. Look.” She swept a long ribbon hair out of the way, revealing a sterling silver industrial piercing through the shell of her ear. “The salt and holy water I can deal with, but I would prefer if you wouldn’t cut me. I have enough scars as-is.” She shrugged in a nonchalant manner.


 


“Alright, hold still then.” Dean pulled out a flask of holy water, splashing it in the girl’s face without bravado.


 


“The salt now, I think.” She held out a hand. Dean complied, pouring a pinch or two into her palm. She lifted her hand to her mouth, tipping her head back and sprinkling some onto her tongue. She grimaced. “Iodized? Really? How mainstream.” She shook her head, looking somewhat disappointed.


 


“Okay, she’s clear.” Sam commented, raising a pointed eyebrow at his brother over the girl’s shoulder.


 


“Yep.”


 


“What do you want to know, short stack?” Sam leaned back against the Impala with a sigh, crossing his arms over his chest.


 


“First off, why’re you here? I told the coppers I’ve got this one. A couple demons and a Siren. Nothing I haven’t dealt with before.”


 


“Sam found some pictures online that don’t look like the work either of the things you’ve named. Blackened marks? Doesn’t sound like a demon or siren to me.” Dean replied, face set in stony indifference.


 


“Don’t give me that look, Hotshot. You look eerily like Cas when you do that.” The girl flapped a hand at the elder Winchester with a bemused expression.


 


“How do you--”


 


“I heard my name?” 


 


“Speak of the devil.” The girl laughed.


 


“I am not Lucifer.” Cas looked affronted.


 


“I know that, Angelface. It’s called an expression. We’ve been over this.” She rolled her eyes at the angel.


 


“Cas? Do you know this girl?” Dean growled.


 


“Yes. Jordan helped me once or twice while you were… Out of commission.” Cas stated vaguely, avoiding Dean’s gaze.


 


“Alright Lovebirds. You two can sort this out later. My turn. What is your hypothesis if not Demon? You’ve met Crowley. Some demons like to leave a mark to set them apart.” The girl met the older Winchester’s eyes without any sign of hesitation.


 


“We’ve never come across anyone quite like Crowley. How do you know him anyway?” Sam laid a warning hand on his brother’s shoulder.


 


“Son of a bitch sealed a deal with the