bag.  He pulled out a bottle of whiskey and a six-pack, holding them up to Sam in offering.  Sam held out a hand for a beer, which Dean gave him before pouring himself a shot of whiskey.  “What are you working on so hard?”

Sam cracked open the beer and took a swig.  “Angel research.  You know me.  Cas got me these, and as books on angel lore go, they’ve been relatively light on obvious bullshit.”  He huffed.  “Doesn’t mean this one didn’t go on about the glowing halo that can’t be hidden, that will always identify an angel.  If Cas has a halo, I’ve yet to see it.”

Dean laughed.  “C’mon, you can’t just ask Cas about angels?  He’d be pretty much bullshit-free, and if you asked nice, he might show you his halo.  If he can without burning your eyes out.”

He couldn’t deny he was tempted to ask, but Sam shook his head.  “He’s also running a war, he’s got better things to do than answer invasive and potentially incredibly rude questions.”

“Hello, Sam.  Dean.”  The gravelly voice from behind Sam was completely unexpected.

Sam nearly jumped off the bed, Cas’s timing was so spot on.  “Cas?  What’s going on?”

“Another of Heaven’s toys gone missing?” Dean asked sarcastically.

Cas’s head tilted as he looked between the brothers.  “No.  I have some time where my direct oversight is unnecessary.  I thought I would come check on Sam and, if you weren’t busy or asleep, perhaps hang out with you.”

“You meaning me, or me and Sammy?” Dean asked.

“Whichever of you has the time and the interest,” Castiel said.  “If I am intruding, I can go…”

Sam shook his head.  “I think Dean was just about to turn on the TV, see if he could find anything good on?”  Dean nodded.  “If there’s nothing good I can set up my laptop and stream a movie or something.”  He picked up his books and notes, clearing the bed enough so that there was room for Cas to sit with him.

Dean raised an eyebrow at Sam as Cas settled in, but he flicked on the TV and started channel surfing.  “Hey, awesome, it’s Batman!  Just starting, too.  Cas, there’s beer and whiskey, help yourself if you want.  Pizza should be here any minute, too.”

“The pizza man is coming?” Castiel said, and Sam raised a curious eyebrow when Dean burst into laughter.  Castiel noticed, and Dean laughed even harder when he added, “I’m not supposed to talk about it.”

“Oh man, Sammy, I wish you could remember this one.  Cas here apparently likes kissing demons, you shoulda seen him and Meg when she took on the… oh, shit, now you are going to remember it, aren’t you,” Dean said, laughter disappearing instantly to be replaced with worry.  “Sorry, Sam.”

“No, it’s okay… but you see what I mean about something slipping?” Sam said, settling back on the bed with the books put away and only one notepad left out.  As he got comfortable, he reached out and took Castiel’s hand, smiling gently when he barely felt the cold.  Dean had just opened his mouth to ask when Sam stifled a scream and reached for his head, forgetting that he had Castiel’s hand.

The second Cas’s hand touched Sam’s forehead, Castiel pulled back and literally flew across the room.  Dean shot him a look of confused anger as he went to Sam, hands flying from shoulder to arm to face and back.  “C’mon, Sammy.  You’re okay.  You’re here, it’s just me and Cas, no one’s hurting you.  No one’s gonna hurt you while we’re around.”

Sam calmed down, but he could tell this one had lasted a little longer.  He also got visual on this one, not just audio.  “Meg took on Hellhounds for us?” he asked wonderingly.  “She wanted Crowley that bad, huh?”

“Yeah, one of her better moments,” Dean acknowledged.  “You okay, Sammy?”  Sam nodded, and Dean turned on Cas.  “What the hell, dude.”

Castiel had come back to stand beside Sam’s bed, but stopped at Dean’s words.  “Sam is uncomfortable being touched by angels.  He recognizes that this would be a liability should Raphael send someone after the two of you, and since he knows me to be a friendly angel, he is using me to work on fixing it.  When he’s already in distress is hardly the time to push boundaries, however, no matter what I would like to do.”

“It’s already getting better,” Sam jumped in with.  “Between my research