Castiel knew this, instinctually because he had held Dean in his arms and felt the muscles, but now he saw it as well.

Dean slammed the door shut and pushed Castiel up against it with his body, his hands on either side of Castiel’s head.

Am I okay? he asked in a shaky voice and okay, he wasn’t angry but scared, Castiel realized now. Still strong, though. Stronger than Castiel by far and fuck what a turn on that was.


Yes?


Why the hell are you asking me that? What about you? You were the one that… Dean looked down and bit his lip, no doubt completely unaware of what that did to Castiel’s cock.

Castiel had to swallow slowly to keep his composure, calm the hell down, libido. Probably shouldn’t have taken so many pills, that never ended well for him and now, with the object of his desires almost pressed up against him, it was proving disturbingly difficult not to act on his feelings.

He put his hands on Dean’s upper arms, barely suppressing a moan at the feeling of firm muscles. He squeezed reassuringly to calm not only Dean but also himself down. And it seemed it worked on Dean’s behalf. Yes, Dean always seemed much calmer when they were touching. Too bad it usually had the opposite effect on Castiel. Normally he would be professional enough to hide it pretty well but now, out of his office and pumped on speed, now might be a tad more difficult…

I’m okay, Dean. He rumbled, unable to control the level of his voice and a sick part of his brain knew the effects it usually had on Dean and he wanted it, wanted Dean to look at him with lust-filled eyes.

When Dean looked up Castiel got his wish because holy shit, Dean’s eyes were blackening already. Cas. He nearly whined and how could that be true? How could such a big and strong man like Dean so easily bend to Castiel? It wasn’t fair, it was Castiel’s every wet dream come true and he shouldn’t, he really shouldn’t but… but Dean was eyeing Castiel’s lips and Castiel licked them just to be an asshole.


What is your color, Dean?


Dean’s eyes shot up to Castiel’s and his gears were definitely turning but then he exhaled in a shudder and leaned impossibly closer, lips almost touching Castiel’s.

Green. He breathed and put his hands on Castiel’s hips. Touch me, Cas, please. I need you.

Castiel growled and wasn’t even sorry. His arms were lifting of their own accord and he was tearing at Dean’s tee in his eagerness to get it off. Dean moaned when they finally kissed and Castiel swallowed it greedily. Somewhere, in the back of his mind, he recognized the fact that he should have brushed his teeth before coming here but this hadn’t been his intention — it hadn’t! — and there was nothing he could do about it now. Dean certainly wasn’t complaining.

They ripped each other’s tees off and in the tumult they switched places, much to Castiel’s delight. He now had Dean pressed up against the door, hips rolling against the taller man and Dean was keening against Castiel’s mouth every time their hard cocks brushed together.

The weariness Castiel had felt in his bones when he woke this morning was as if blown away and he knew not even the pills could have given him a high like this. There was nothing like kissing Dean, touching him, worshiping him. Castiel wanted to do it all to this man, had wanted it for far too long and now that they were here, in Dean’s bedroom pressed together like this, he didn’t even know where to start.

Ever since he first spotted Dean sitting there in his beloved car, looking crestfallen, he had found the man fascinatingly beautiful but never would he have imagined he would stand here, in Dean’s home with Dean pliant in his arms. If it had been one of his fellow whores that had approached Dean first would it have been them here now, Castiel wondered not for the first time. The thought was a painful one and he suppressed it by claiming Dean’s lips in a possessive kiss.

Dean moaned brokenly and Castiel felt the man’s calloused hands skim down his back but they stopped at the swell of his ass and Castiel knew why. Dean was far too considerate to forget Castiel’s injury and while that made Castiel’s heart skip almost uncomfortably it also made him irritated in this moment. He needed Dean’s hand on him and he needed it now. Had needed for too long. And sure, he was still a patchwork down there but they could do other things. Oh there was so much else Castiel wanted to do to Dean that his dick jumped in his — Dean’s — jeans at the mere thought.

Fuck, Cas, I wanna feel you. Dean breathed and Castiel answered by growling again