have any thoughts on dinner?”

Dean was still staring at him.  “You’re not planning on it?”

“Not until we’ve figured out where we’re going, at least,” Sam said, shooting another puzzled look at Dean.

That seemed acceptable to Dean.  “Guess that makes sense.  Dinner… probably gonna find a diner, not really in the mood for pizza.”

“Sounds good,” Sam said, returning to his search.  After a couple of minutes, he noticed Dean was still staring at him.  “What?”

“Shouldn’t we be… figuring out where we’re going?” Dean asked.

Sam was now completely confused.  “Hence, laptop, to look for weirdness or good music to investigate?  Dean, are you okay?”

“Yeah, of course, why wouldn’t I be okay?” Dean asked, inexplicably sarcastic.  He reached for his keys.  “I’m going out.”

“Give me a sec and I’ll go with you,” Sam offered.  “That way you don’t have to swing back by and get me for supper.”

Dean shook his head.  “I’m just goin’ to get some beer, maybe some whiskey.  Tonight feels like a whiskey night.”

“Oh.  In that case, get me some tequila?”  Sam went back to his work.

Dean looked surprised.  “You sure about that?  You tend to do stupid shit when you’re tequila-drunk.”

Sam flashed him a dimpled grin.  “Good thing I know a guy who’s made it his life mission to take care of me, then.”

“Sammy…” Dean sat on the bed, once again staring at Sam like he had two heads.  “What the hell are you doing?”

“I’m… looking for a case?” Sam said, trying to understand what Dean wanted him to say.  “Bit lost here, Dean.”

“I… fine, whatever,” Dean snapped, getting back up.  “Anything else you need while I’m out?”

“Not sure yet, have to check a couple things,” Sam said.  “I can make a supply run after dinner if I do.”

Dean nodded and left.  Sam got up and dug through Dean’s bag, chuckling when he found what he was after.  He knew he could count on his brother.  By the time Dean got back, Sam was back at the laptop with a couple of tabs open to possible cases.  “You’re still here,” Dean said.

“Yeah.  Got a couple leads I’m digging into a little further, but there’s nothing that we’d need to take off after without a meal and a good night’s sleep.”  Another weird look for Dean.  “You sure you’re okay, Dean?  You’re acting a little weird.”

“I’m acting…” Dean suddenly looked exhausted.  “What do you want from me, Sammy?”

“Yeah, not having that conversation on an empty stomach,” Sam said with a grin.

Dean took a deep breath.  “Then let’s go.  Not sure how much more of this I can take.”

When they got back from dinner, Sam sat on the edge of the bed and Dean pulled up a chair.  “Downside to one bed, we can’t sit opposite each other and awkwardly stare until one of us figures out how the hell you start this conversation.”  That got a weak laugh out of Dean.  “So, um… how long?”

“Hell if I know,” Dean said.  “First time I knew how fucked up I was, you were sixteen.  Remember that July, that werewolf hunt that scratched your back all to hell?”

“How could I forget?” Sam said, laughing through the twinges of pain in his back from the memory.  “You were so pissed at Dad for walking out for a bar the second we got back, because he didn’t even bother checking my wounds to make sure there wasn’t a bite in there.  And yet, somehow, you didn’t take it out on me when you had to knit me a new back.”

“Yeah.  After I ganked that thing, I didn’t breathe until I heard you calling my name.  Couldn’t.  I was so scared that you’d been killed.”  Dean took a second to compose himself.  “Unless college is a lot more dangerous than I’ve ever imagined, that was the second-closest you’ve ever come to dying.”

“Second-closest?” Sam asked, thinking back and trying to remember something worse.

Dean stared at the ground, shame written in every hunched muscle.  “Yeah, you probably don’t remember the closest, you were like, five.  I screwed up and let a monster get close, but Dad got there just in time.”

“I think I remember that, kinda,” Sam said as it came flooding back.  “Not the monster, but I remember Dad yelling at you worse than I’d ever heard him shout before