of the weapon. It was when you began to feel sleep slowly shadowing over you that you heard a knock at the door, yawning you move to stand.

“Comin’,” you mumble, making your way to the entrance of the room. “Dean?” You say in surprise, meeting the man’s green orbs.

The hunter smiles at you, “hey (Y/N).”

“What are you doing here? Same said you were gone,” you ramble out, surprised - albeit happy - to see him.

“Mind if I come in?” He asks, evading the question.

“Sure, of course, come in,” you say, making room for him to step inside.

Closing the door behind you you follow Dean to the motel bed, clearing your gun and cloth before sitting beside him.

“So what’s up?” You ask, smiling warmly at the man. “Man, Sam’s gonna be so happy to see you.”

Dean chuckles softly and shakes his head, “it’s not Sam I’m here to see,” he trails, you tilt your head a little.

“What do you mean?”

“You know what I mean, (Y/N),” Dean says, and you feel yourself blush.

‘He can’t really mean…why now?’ You can’t help but think, voicing your question.

“Why now? Why after so much time?”

“I couldn’t stop thinking about you, especially after last time,” says the blonde, running a hand through his short hair. “I know the timing is strange, but when I caught wind that you and Sam were working together I had to come see you, my sweet girl.”

“Dean—” you begin but are promptly cut off by a hand caressing your cheek, you shiver a little at the contact.

Something was off, but with the way Dean’s eyes watched you you couldn’t for the life of you care enough to figure out what it was, not when he was finally here after so long. When the hunter leans in and presses his lips to yours, you let him and even begin to kiss back after a moment. the kiss began slow, just a moving of lips against one another, but soon enough Dean takes the lead and deepens the kiss, turning it into full on make out session completed with sloppy kissing and wandering hands.

“Dean,” you sigh softly, allowing him to lower you onto the bed.

The man groans, moving to hover above you before slowly kissing down your jaw and neck, your arch your back off the bed and moan softly, his hands already working to undo your shirt.

“Are you still…” the question of your purity hangs in the air, you look up at the hunter and slowly nod.

Dean smirks wickedly at you and you feel your hair stand on edge, arousal or something else, you weren’t sure but the moment his hands found their way into your underwear and press against you you lose all thought. You moan and buck against his hand, fisting the bedsheets and whimper and his rough fingers work against you.

“You’re so beautiful, my sweet girl,” he purrs, kissing and nipping at the nape of your neck.

“Dean,” you moan out, moving your hips against his hand.

The hunter tugs the hem of your shirt and you understand his unspoken request, shifting up a little to discard your shirt and bra, tossing them onto the floor. You groan a little when he removes his hand from you, but revel in the expanse of his newly exposed torso, shirt forgotten on the floor within seconds. Leaning back down he kisses you, hot and hungry while pulling your pants down and off you, the sound of his belt coming undone soon following. Your heart was thrumming in your chest, this was going to be your official first time and you were happy it was with Dean. The two of you lay bear on the worn out sheets of the hotel mattress, your feel his hands slip between your legs parting them and you shiver, the cool air around you fanning against the moist apex of your legs.

“Dean,” you call out, looking at you the man says nothing but kisses you instead.

“I’m right here, my sweet girl,” he breathes next to your ear before entering you.


~~~~~


You lay naked and spent beside the hunter, bodies no longer touching and you missed the contact. Turning you reach over to place your hand on his chest but stop short, why…why is he laughing? You sit up, looking down at the man questioningly and he meets your eyes, blinking they appear jet black and you feel your heart stop. Jumping out of the bed you scramble to your feet, this…this cannot be happening!

“N-No, this isn’t fucking happening!” You yell, fumbling to cover yourself with your discarded shirt.

“I’m afraid it already has, my sweet girl,” the demon purrs, smirking at you from the bed.

“Don’t fucking call me that!”