the room from,” Sam decided.

Castiel reached out, choosing a small room above a church to take Sam.  He dropped Sam off and took off again, returning quickly with some dry clothes for Sam and a blanket.  He led Sam to the window, where he pointed out the motel.  “When you’re ready to return, I can take you back, or you can walk.”

“Okay.”  Sam stripped out of his wet clothes and put on the dry ones Cas had brought.  “Thanks for this, I already feel better.”

Castiel wrapped the blanket around Sam anyway.  “All right.  In answer to your earlier question, while angels were tasked with watching over you humans and asked to love you in a general sense, there are very few angels who live up to God’s intent.  Those who do are often accused of being far too interested in humans.  Ever since the drowning of the Nephilim, most angels are completely indifferent to humans.  Some, like Uriel, dislike them and resent God’s obvious preference for his last creation.  Being sent to Earth is often considered a punishment, since it takes us out of Heaven.  I always jumped at the chance.  It’s a running joke in the garrison, how often other seraphim asked Anna for permission to borrow me to send to Earth.  Anna nearly always granted it.  That’s actually one reason I was chosen to retrieve Dean, it was thought that the fact that I’ve spent more time on Earth than nearly any other angel in Heaven would be of use.”

“Huh.  Why are you so interested in humans?” Sam asked.

“Humans are my Father’s last creation, his favorites, the ones he considers his masterpiece.  Humans are works of art.  How could I not be interested?”  He looked out the window.  “And yet, despite the time I’ve spent among humans, I find it difficult to actually communicate with them.  You and Dean are the first humans who have actually become my friends.”

“Really?  That’s… kind of sad, really,” Sam said.  “Dean and I are kind of terrible friends.”

Castiel turned back in surprise.  “No, you’re not.  You or Dean.  Why would you say that?”

Sam shrugged.  “We have this tendency to get our friends killed, you know.  Or badly hurt at least.”

“That’s because most of your friends are hunters or work within the world, and the life is a dangerous one,” Castiel said.  “I am sorry about Pamela.  I tried to warn her.”

“I know.”

Talking about Pamela triggered the memory of an old promise Castiel had made Sam, and he concentrated.  The room began to glow a soft, deep blue.  Sam gasped and looked at Castiel curiously.  “I believe I offered once to show you my halo.  It seems unlikely to draw undue attention here.”

“It’s… it’s beautiful, Cas,” Sam said as he stared.  “This is… I’m honored.”

“I wish I could show you my true form, but you would suffer as Pamela did.  Anyway, you had a reason for asking about angels’ ability to love, I assume?”  Sam didn’t answer, so Castiel went ahead and put forth a guess.  “You think it’s possible that I love you, and that’s why you’re different from my friends among my kind or Dean.”

“It would explain it,” Sam said.  “There’s probably a better explanation.”

“Or perhaps you’re correct.  It certainly fits the question at hand, and several other puzzles that were on my mind.  It’s not unknown for angels to fall in love, and my superiors have always said I have too much heart,” Castiel said.

“You… huh,” Sam said.  “Okay.  What happens now?”

“That depends a great deal on you.  I will continue to look after you and your brother, to do my job in protecting you from harm.  Beyond that… I really have no idea what I’m doing, so I don’t know,” Castiel said.

“So what depends on me?”

“Well, if you love me, or think you could come to, that opens some paths I wouldn’t otherwise consider.  You have as much right to decide what we do from here as I do.  And you have some idea how this goes,” Cas reminded Sam.

“If I don’t, what happens?”

Castiel shrugged, though he was disappointed.  “I would like to remain your friend, to continue as we have been.  If you think that would be too awkward, then I’ll only come when it’s on Heaven’s behalf or you require divine assistance.”

Sam raised an eyebrow at that.  “Thought you said going too long without seeing me bothered you.”

“It does.”  Castiel looked quizzically at Sam.  “But if I make you uncomfortable, then I will stay away.”

“Okay.  And if I do?