Dean's reflected smile is dark, mocking. He swears if his eyes were normal, it'd be that too familiar expression of self-loathing on his brother's face. He clamps his hand back over the curve of Sam's hip-bone; between that, the chains, and the spreader bar, there is no room to struggle. Dean spits noisily and enthusiastically all over his right hand. When Sam tracks it, he wraps his hand down around his erection, an angry and dark red jutting up starkly with no hair surrounding it and his balls.

 "Oh, but I want to..." he croons, dropping down to his knees. Sam tries to clench his legs shut, but the stupid spreader bar does its job, he can't close his legs. He feels a wad of spit hit him, drip down his ass-crack. Sam squirms around as the familiar pad of a calloused thumb rubs into him, touches his most private area, saliva mixing the sweat there. It feels horrible, invasive; but it also feels good, and the tangle of emotions has stolen his tongue. He's covered in cold sweat. The smell of Dean's musk: cheap beer, leather, and gun oil is filling his nose with a familiarity that makes Sam ache deep in his bones.

 He hears Dean spitting again, feels the blunt heat of him as he presses his dick to Sam's hole. "Dean.... Dean no..."

 "That's right. Not Dean. Your big brother would never do this." Dean's dick pushes at his sphincter, a  slide of pressure slow, inexorable. Sam bites down on his lip tasting blood as the cock-head plows past the ring of muscle, tearing it. A cry rips through him and jerks his shoulders, and that hurts too, but it's distant compared to the immediacy of his asshole being split open.

 "Dean, stop! Stop! You don't have to do this!" Sam croaks pathetically. Dean slides further into him, groans with pleasure.

 "No," Dean growls. "I have to. I have to show you what I am now. Because you're too fucking dumb to get the message!" A few slow slides, and then Dean's hips are pounding into him brutally. Rocking Sam with each thrust, both hands iron clamps on Sam's hips. Sam can barely breathe; his knees become slick with blood and the pain from his messed up arm howls in concert with the rhythm.

 Sam wheezes, his throat raw from pain, "Dean, Dean... I know you're still in there..."

 Dean's laugh is harsh and ragged, the edges nearly as jagged as the tears his dick has made, is making, in Sam's insides.
"No.... sodomizing your little brother? Doesn't get much lower than that....Sammy." Dean snarls his name, drawing out the s, a mocking sing-song at the end. "You've earned this. Wouldn't take no for an answer. Well here's your answer, dumb-ass."

 It's starting to hurt a little less, the blood from the tear is lubricating things, and after a few more strokes Dean is able to slide all the way in. He pauses and grunts, balls-deep in his baby brother. 
"You like that, Samantha? You like a demon tearing your ass open? Like being split around something wearing your big brother's face? Knowing these hands..."
He jerks Sam to him cruelly, in marks that'll bruise, fingernails digging in bloody crescents along his hip-bones "That've carried you from a burning house, held you in your crib every night after your mom died, patched you up a million times, held you in a church, wrestled you, messed up your stupid long girly hair.... are the ones doing this to you?"

 His brother pumps his hips, and the horrible red-hot spear of pain is back; his balls slap, punctuating each remark as he fucks Sam. Dean, or at least the thing that looks like him, bends low over Sam, whispers in his ear. "Your brother's never coming back. I like Dean 2.0. Get the fucking memo." His tongue slimes a trail along the back of Sam's ear, down his neck. Pinpricks of pressure relentlessly press in, deeper and deeper until a bright flash of pain makes him shout, and then his warm lifeblood is streaming over his shoulder as he struggles in his bonds. Adrenaline and pain create a brutal feed- back loop that has Sam squirming despite the pain it causes his arm. His knees burn, wet and raw scraped flesh.

 "No one is coming to save you, Sam. No one. Because of all that time you spent shoving people aside for your poor, pathetic, co-dependent big brother who literally went to hell for your worthless tainted meat. This is all there is..." Dean's hand is on Sam's dick now