a few seconds, pressing the meaning, before he lets go and resumes his previous act.

Sam blushes, because he remembers that word they had come up with when Sam had wanted to try more things and Dean had insisted on giving him a way out. It's a stupid word, but it works.

"You remember your word?" Dean asks, wavering, hand drawing back and a troubled expression shuttering his face, as if he's been forcing this on Sam, as if he could ever do anything to Sam that Sam doesn't want done to him.

Sam nods, not actually wanting to say it out loud because then Dean might stop.

"What is it?" Dean insists, because if there's anything Dean is, it's careful, it's mindful of Sam's feelings and desires. "Say it, Sammy. Just once. It won't count just this once."

"John," Sam relays obediently, face scrunching up because if there's anything that can break the mood when they're in the middle of business and panting and sweating and so utterly out of it, it's their Dad's name. It's inevitably. Of course it makes them stop. It's just so wrong. Not the incest part, obviously, since they've pretty much got that covered. It's different when it's with each other.

"Good," Dean nods to himself. "Say it again and I'll stop," he promises earnestly, but to Sam it sounds more like a threat. He had only used the word to stop Dean twice, and both times have been because their father has literally been ten seconds from walking in on them doing the nasty. Sam doesn't know what is more embarrassing – the fact that they use their Dad as some sort of an emergency brake to their sex life (which is pretty symbolic, in Sam's opinion) or how on both times he had said it, Dean had taken a second too long to pull away, something regretful and longing in his eyes that Sam really wishes his own mind would stop trying to tie to Dean's unsurprising Daddy kink. Which, by the way, Sam is totally cool with. Dean is pretty when he begs.

Sam exhales harshly when three fingers slip back inside of him, shifting on the bed to disable their progress, or maybe feel them more clearly against his inner walls.

"Be good," Dean reminds him with a frustrated growl, pushing Sam's hips back where he wants them and thrusting the fingers all the way inside with force he usually reserves for plunging silver knives into werewolves' throats.

Sam's whole body jerks, his knees bend and fall open and his neck arches back, eyes shut tightly as he moans breathlessly.

"Or what?" he snipes through ruined vocal cords, because he loves this part, loves the back-and-forth, and Dean's voice fueled by rage. The little brother in him also loves talking back at Dean and rising his hackles.

"Or all the Advils in the world won't help once I'm done with you," Dean doesn't disappoint, and Sam flushes all over at the blatant tone. He shuts up, because with Dean you can never know, because Dean might actually do it. Dean has a way around words that Sam has always envied, so the specification of Advil might just mean Dean would pop over to the closest pharmacy and fake-buy another painkiller to do the job. Dean would never actually leave Sam in that amount of pain.

Dean can't be hard already, not after the number of times they've had sex tonight and the proximity of his latest orgasm, but that doesn't stop him from starting an in-out motion with his fingers to the rhythm of Metallica's revision of 'Helpless', bruise-fast and completed with Dean's baritone humming.

Sam chokes on air and tries to hang on as his body twists and shudders, grounded by Dean's firm hand on his abdomen and crushing elbow between his pecs. Sam's own hands clutch the bedsheets for dear life, toes curling in the mess of blankets at the foot of the bed.

Sam's not hard, either. He can't. His body simply passed the maximum supply of hard-ons for a twelve-hour period and he's unable to actually come again. Probably won't be able to for the next thirty to forty-five minutes, at least. Maybe until the Advil kicks in.

Dean seems to be enjoying himself, at least. He scissors his digits, curling them over Sam's prostate, rubbing back and forth relentlessly.

He repositions his arm across Sam's chest and leans in to capture his lips in a surprisingly soft kiss, sweetly licking into Sam's open mouth with a quick, slick tongue, driving Sam crazy.

Sam moans helplessly as Dean's fingers abandon the rhythm and start thrusting in earnest, deep and hard and spread as wide as