, he was due at the stage for rehearsals.  Charlie, who was running the sound, came flying over to hug him.  “I thought there was some subtext in the first script, but making it text is even better.  You are awesome!”

Not everyone was thrilled with the change.  Brady protested when he saw the new ending that it was ridiculous and pandering to special interests and it made no sense for Tristan to “suddenly turn gay.”

Crowley wasn’t having it.  “One: he’s bi, not gay.  There’s a difference.  Two: he’s bi all along.  It’s not a sudden change.  Three: your character’s not affected at all, so why should you even care?  And four: if you don’t like it, I can write you out easily.  Your choice, mate.”

Brady chose to stay.  Rehearsals ran smoothly, with Crowley going scene by scene on stage blocking them out while actors not in that scene went through the script memorizing lines.  Sam and Cas’s first scene together was the one with the first kiss.  “Remember, this one’s fake to Tristan.  Cas, Jake’s yours, I’ll leave it to you whether he’s faking being into it at this point or lying when he brushes off Tristan’s apology because he has feelings already.  Script could go either way, really.”

Cas chose the latter option, and when they got through with the scene, Crowley applauded.  “Not bad.  One thing, though.  Sam, ramp up the awkward.  You’re kissing your best friend who you’ve always thought of as your brother, not the cute boy you met at a party.”

“But this is the spark that changes that,” Sam protested.

“But it hasn’t changed yet.  You have a brother, right?”  Sam nodded.  “Pretend you just kissed him.  That level of awkward.”

“Not gonna work.”  Sam smiled at the memory.  “Dean has no shame and he got dared to kiss me when he was playing Truth or Dare with some girls he was trying to impressed.  Jerk used tongue.”

“Wow.  Okay then.  Figure out something.”  Crowley smirked.  “Hell, forget you’re acting and pretend you just kissed Cas for some reason.”

Sam laughed at that.  “I’ll figure out something.”

 

Shooting began a couple weeks later.  When Cas showed Sam the shooting schedule, they got a good laugh out of it – both kissing scenes were the last two.  Thanks to various delays for actors forgetting their lines, cameras not working, a dog wandering on set and distracting everyone, among others, they were running late and Crowley was getting very stressed.  “Let’s get this right the first time, boys.  I’d really like to have the climax be the only thing we’re shooting tomorrow.  Sam – awkward!”

The first take went incredibly well.  Sam noticed how much Crowley relaxed when he yelled cut, and he got mischievous.  When the actor playing Sam’s dad started his rant about gays taking over the engagements announcements, Sam grabbed Cas and planted a kiss on him.  But instead of ending it there like he was supposed to, he wrapped his arms around Cas and smirked at Andy.  “I guess this is a bad time to tell you that Jake and I have been together for two years and you should be seeing us in there next week?”

There was a beat, and then everyone burst out laughing.  Everyone except Cas.  Crowley threw up his hands.  “You’re lucky the first take went so well, Moose.  Otherwise you’d be dead.  Andy, start from ‘Look at this!’  The rest of you, shut it, we have a shoot to finish.”

There was more than enough awkward for Crowley this time, and as soon as Crowley called a wrap, Castiel stormed away without even bothering to change.  Sam washed off his makeup and changed back into his own clothes before going after him.  He wasn’t at all surprised to find Castiel at the fountain.

Cas didn’t turn when Sam sat down beside him.  “What the hell was that, Sam?”

“Making Crowley’s head explode and creating a highlight for the gag reel.”  Sam grinned.  “Bonus, I got to kiss you again.”

Cas sighed.  “If you’re going to do something like that tomorrow, could you warn me first?  Please?  It’s going to be hard enough as it is.”

“It’s going to be hard?  Why?”

“You’re too good an actor.  You make me believe it when you say you love me.”

Dean loved to tease his little brother about his face being actual sunshine when he really smiled and that he should do it more.  Sam was pretty sure he had that exact smile now.  “I do mean it.”

Cas closed his eyes.  “No, I mean… I know Tristan means it when he confesses to Jake.  But it’s too close.  I keep