together. Sam got ready fast, always excited to go to school, and Dean had to rush to get his own clothes on and eat before Sam was practically dragging him out the door, still young enough not to mind holding hands with his brother when they crossed the busy street in front of the run-down motel.



School had gone like it always did. Sam ran off to his kindergarten glass, where he was already showing a love of school above what most kids had, and Dean dragged himself to his own homeroom and spent the whole day worrying about whether his brother was doing okay. When it was over, they both went home and Sam asked if he could go play at his friend Blake's house with some classmates – the kid lived just down the street from the motel where they were staying.



Dean saw no problem with it, so Sam was off like a shot, running with the other kids until they sprinted around the corner and out of Dean's sight. He sighed, going back into the room and pulling out the small package wrapped in newspaper he'd hidden underneath his bed the night before.



It wasn't much, just two of the new Ninja Turtles action figures that everyone Sam's age had been into recently – he was pretty sure these two were called Leonardo and Raphael – but he was hopeful that Sam would really like them. He'd skipped at least one meal a day for the last two weeks to be able to spare enough grocery money for a present, but as long as it made his brother happy on his birthday it would be worth it.



Dean watched a few cartoons and was just getting ready to fix himself a can of Spaghetti-O's on the stove when he heard pounding on the motel door, followed by muffled sobbing that could only belong to Sammy. He was across the room in two seconds, flinging the door open and grunting when Sam tackled him in a hug and clutched onto him, crying uncontrollably.



"Sammy? Hey, what's the matter?" he asked softly, already plotting the murder of whichever one of those kids had dared make his brother cry.



Sam just shook his head, burying his face in Dean's chest and muttering something incoherent, and Dean sighed tiredly, shutting the door and wrapping his arms around his distraught little brother.



"Sammy, whatever it is, you gotta tell me or I can't make it better. Okay?" He rubbed his hand up and down the smaller boy's back, hating the way he could feel it tremble with gasping, hiccupping sobs. Murder would be the least of those kids' worries if this kept up much longer…



"D-Dee-ean," Sam wailed, pulling away from his brother with his arms wrapped tightly around his belly.



"What? Does your stomach hurt?" Dean asked gently, worried when he realized it had to be one hell of a stomach-ache to make Sam this hysterical. If it was, he'd probably have to take Sam to the hospital, which meant Dad would need to be called and come back from his hunt early. That wasn't going to be a fun phone call…



But Sam shook his head again, more tears leaving salty tracks down his face as he fought to pull himself together enough to speak.



"Dean, I- I'm sorry, I di- didn't know – I didn't m-mean to and I d-don' wanna diiiiee!" The last word ended on a wail, and Sam was back to bawling again.



"Huh? Didn't mean to do what, Sam?" Now he was worried. What had his brother done? He shouldn't be worried about dying – neither Dean nor Dad had told him anything about what was out there yet, right? So then what –



"I was at Blake's and – and we were eating watermelon…" Sam said once he'd managed to get his voice under control again. "And I didn't spit all the seeds out and I swallowed one and now a watermelon's gonna grow in my tummy and I'm gonna explode!" His hands were held over his belly again, his eyes wide and terrified, and Dean bit his lip hard so he wouldn't burst out laughing.


That was what Sam was afraid of? A watermelon seed? Thank God.


"Aww, Sammy," Dean said with a chuckle, hugging his brother and guiding them both over to sit down on the bed. "That's not gonna happen. You're gonna be fine."



"But how do you know?" Sam asked tearfully, still staring at his stomach as if expecting a watermelon vine to come winding out of his bellybutton any second.



"Because for one thing, I've eaten the seeds plenty of times and nothing ever happened. And for another, if any plant ever tried to make you explode I'd kick its ass. Understand?"



"Yeah," Sam answered with a watery smile. "'Cause you're brave like a ninja turtle,