harder but giving short thrusts hitting your cervix over and over.

“Saaamm.” You cried out in pain his name coming out wobbly from him pounding your body so fast. He pushed in as hard as he could knocking you off balance. He shot his cum inside of you his body molded on top of yours as he did. You bother were breathing heavy while tears fell from your eyes. 

“Hush, you did so well for me ____.” Sam whispered pulling out of you and pulling you into his arms. Your shorts had fallen off, but your shirt still held covered your chest. 

“I didn’t like that Sam what the hell?” You asked red-faced and sore, he laid you back down so he could stand. Then he picked you up and walked you to the bathroom down the hall gently setting you on the edge of the bathtub he grabbed a washcloth and run it under warm water. He didn’t say a word as he opened your legs again to start cleaning you up.

“I just saw you there laying there with your ass and tits on display and I couldn’t stop myself, but next time I won’t be so rough I promise.” Sam smiled cupping your cheek with his free hand before going back to cleaning the blood and cum from your legs and pussy. 

“Next time?” You gulp a sick feeling in our stomach starting to bloom. Sam meet your eyes his smile growing smaller as he stared at you. Then he leaned forward to kiss your lips, you didn’t pull back just taking in his scent. It was a quickly soft lip press before he looked back at your eyes. 

“You are mine now ____.” Sam’s deep voice made the words almost sound sinister. You look away from him just as the bunker door opens and heavy footsteps start to walk down the stairs. 

“Dean is going to be mad.” You gasp standing with Sam the image of the messy homework plus your underwear and shorts would make Dean suspicious. 

“Get in the shower I will handle Dean. No matter what do not tell him.” Sam said holding on to your hand tight enough to make you whimper in pain. You nodded yes quickly taking your clothes off, to hop into the shower like Sam said too. 

 

***Sam’s point of view*** 

My heart was racing I had finally fucked her and oh god was it heaven. I had been watching her for years now waiting until she was ready for me to make my move, but then she bought those shorts.  I couldn’t take my eyes from the nice ass even now my cock still wanted to go back and fuck her in the shower.  

“_____?” Dean called from the living room as I emerged around the corner. He was looking at the mess I had made not expecting to actually fuck my little sister while he was gone. He saw me enter and his eyes narrowed as I walked up to him. “Where is _____?” Dean asked kicking at your shorts.

“She is in the shower.” I answer short and to the point bending down to pick up the clothing. 

“She asked me to be to bring these to her, she said she had a bug or something in her pants.” I lie with a chuckle to add to it.

“I just heard her screaming and things flying then I saw her hightail it to the bathroom.” I explain chuckling again on my way back to you with your clothes. 

“I swear she has the worst luck.” Dean mumbles going back to the groceries he had left on the entrance table. I smile widely quickly going to the bathroom as you were getting out. 

“What did you tell him?” You asked a scared look in your eyes, then I noticed the bruise on your right cheek where I pushed you into the floor. 

“I told him you had a bug in your pants. You have a bruise and not enough time to see if there are more. If he asks you say you hit whatever part on the floor trying to get the bug out.” I instructed making sure to keep intense eye contact. You nod yes with a small smile looking up at me as I leave the bathroom quickly to help Dean with the groceries.  My mind already planning the next time I will fuck ____.

Can you please do a sequel of this where the next day, he then formed a forbidden relationship with her and they ended up being even closer and creeps Dean out and made some remarks on them. They just laugh it off and as night falls, the reader ended up going to Sam's room saying she "missed" him and they made passionate love. He told her to keep quiet and Sam is kind of gentle now and they fell asleep, her hugging Sam. Sam told her that he didn't mean to hurt her before and said sorry until the reader told him that she had always loved Sam as more than a brother since they were children. Thank you! ^_^

The next day Sam wakes you up with his finger rubbing your clit in small slow circles. When you opened your confused eyes