heart began to race frantically, thoughts of Hell and the panic room and detoxing and Lucifer all blurring together at the realization of being tied down like an animal once again.

What was happening?

Only an instant later, he got his answer when Dean stepped into the room. His brother strode in casually, the way he would if he was going to talk to someone at the bar or on a case. The fact that Sam was bound and gagged in front of him didn't seem to faze him at all. As he got closer, a tiny grin spread across Dean's lips, and Sam involuntarily shrank back at the menacing look in his brother's empty, staring eyes.

"D'nn?" he mumbled through the gag in his mouth, hating the quiver in his voice the instant he saw Dean pick up on it.

"Oh, you're finally awake, huh Sleeping Beauty?" Dean asked, chuckling as he retrieved a knife – it looked like one from the kitchen – from behind one of the bookcases and began sharpening it with a whetstone. He gave Sam a sickeningly sweet smile, which was made absolutely terrifying when accompanied by the scraping of the blade every few seconds. "I didn't mean to clock you so hard, you know. Woulda been easier for me if you were at least semi-conscious while I brought you down here, heavy as your ass is. But hey, whatcha gonna do?" He shrugged, an over-exaggerated motion that just looked wrong on Dean. "Anyway, now we can start the party, huh?"

"Wh'?"

"Oh, right, I forgot to tell you," he said, slapping his palm to his forehead and seemingly forgetting he still held the knife in that hand. Sam watched in horror as beads of blood bubbled up from the long slice that now ran across Dean's forehead, dripping between his eyes and over his nose without him seeming to notice a thing. "I did some thinking about what you said last night…" And there was that menacing look again, pulling Dean's smile into a snarl for only a second. "And you know, you're right." He was striding slowly toward Sam, the knife held loosely in his hand as if he had almost forgotten it was there again. "I do hate being alone. Hate it more than you could ever know. And hearing someone you practically gave up your whole life for just say they'd be better off dead… Well, it was a little surprising."

Another high-pitched giggle bubbled up from Dean's throat, making Sam shiver and back away as much as his chains would allow. This wasn't Dean. This couldn't be Dean…

The blade of the knife pressed against one of Sam's knuckles and he flinched, looking up at his brother in the hopes that he might snap out of whatever this was before it was too late.

"So I decided something, Sammy," he said cheerfully, digging the knife into the crease of Sam's right ring-finger until it bled. "I'm gonna do what you wanted all along. I'm gonna let you go."

His lips twisted up into a smile so wide it shouldn't have been physically possible, and Sam screamed through the gag as the knife cut all the way through the fingers of his right hand, leaving the stubs to spurt hot blood over the both of them with every hammering heartbeat. Tears of pain poured from his eyes, and his breath hissed in and out of his nose as he fought to avoid passing out. Dean's features softened into a tiny frown, and he reached out to touch Sam's cheek, leaving a trail of bloody red fingerprints on the pale skin.

"Aww, Sammy, don't cry…" he muttered, his voice sounding the way it had when they were little and Sam had come crying to his big brother about a bad dream. "Everything's gonna be okay, you'll see."

With that, he stabbed the blade into Sam's other hand, tearing another scream from his throat before moving on to his torso, where he cut and slashed and stabbed with wild abandon, making sure not to go deep enough to put Sam out of his misery just yet. Blood flowed like a deep red river, pooling around both of their legs and wetting the knees of Dean's jeans as it soaked through them and warmed his skin. He laughed harder, cutting deeper and letting more of the beautiful red out to paint his brother's body the color of a ruby – fitting, considering Sam had cared so much about one certain Ruby in the past. He hummed slowly to himself, the sound creating a twisted accompaniment to Sam's screams and muffled sobs, his pleas to just kill him and be done with it. But Dean ignored those pleas; he would end this when he decided to, and not a second sooner.

For what seemed like hours they stayed that way, Dean cutting and slashing at Sam's blood-splattered body and