and drive him to the hospital if I have to.”

The guy tilted his head, narrowing his eyes in confusion.  “How are you going to…”

“His car.  We usually run together, 24/7.  Not quite, but close.  Having my own car would be more hassle than help.”  Except for the times like these, but until someone discovered a way to fold up cars and put them in your pocket until you needed them again…

“Why weren’t you with him now?”

Sam sighed.  “I love my brother.  I do.  And I know he loves me.  He’s my best friend and there is no one I’d rather have beside me.  But when you’re together all the time, little things add up until you just boil over.  This time, he got mad at me for cockblocking him – all I did was remind him we had somewhere to be – and I got mad and said if he didn’t want to take our job seriously then I was out.  It was stupid, and it escalated.  He took a swing at me, and when it didn’t cool him off, I took off.  By then the girl he’d been flirting with had taken off, so he decided to do the job alone to prove some kind of bullshit point.”

“So what happened?”

“He called to tell me he’d been shot and we were wrong about what the job was.  Halfway through a sentence he just… stopped talking.”  A shot plus Dean not talking was scary.  Very scary.  Sam shoved the fear out of his mind and checked his speed.  He could probably get away with going a little faster.

“If we’ve still got that far to go, you should probably prepare yourself for him to be dead when you get there.”

“You don’t know Dean.  He’s too stubborn to die.”

“Then I’m glad I left my keys out.  Drive faster.”

“Don’t want to attract cops…”

“Cops don’t patrol around here.  If one enterprising soul decided that today was the day to change that, a dying brother is a good excuse for a lead foot.”

Sam glanced in the mirror again.  The guy seemed serious.  “But I stole…”

“No, you’re driving my car so I can be ready.  How old is Dean?”

“Twenty-nine.”

“Is he taking any medication?”

“If he had time before he lost consciousness, he probably downed some painkillers.  Other than that… alcohol doesn’t count, does it?”

That got a quick smile from the guy.  “Health conditions I should be aware of?”

"No… well, he’s been shot and is probably unconscious…”

“If he is, as an immediate relative, do you give consent to me doing lifesaving first aid on him?”

Sam looked over his shoulder in shock.  “What the hell kind of question is that?”

Another quick smile.  “A stupid one, but one I have to ask for legal reasons.”

“Of course you can treat him!  If… I mean, you sound like you know what you’re doing.”

“I’m a physician, specializing in emergency care.  There’s a copy of my license in the glove box if you’d like to see it.”

“I’ll take your word for it.  Man.  What are the chances?”  Sam let his foot drop hard on the gas, pushing the car as fast as he could handle.

 

Dean was alive when they got there.  Barely.  Castiel was able to patch him up.  “When he wakes up, do what you can to make him take it easy.  He really should have a transfusion, but I get the sense you’d prefer to avoid hospitals?”

“Yeah.  Thanks.  Um… I don’t… we don’t really have a way to pay you much…”  They were low on cash, and Sam didn't want to lie about paying the doctor.  Cas was a good guy who'd had every reason to refuse to help after being kidnapped and having his car stolen.

Cas just waved him off.  “I figured as much.  Don’t let your brother die.  That’s all the payment I need.  This is what I do.  Emergency medicine for people who can’t afford an emergency room or have other reasons to avoid them.”

“You’re awesome.  How do you make a living off of that?”

“My ancestors made a great deal of money by exploiting those less fortunate."  Castiel rolled his eyes.  "I'm not ashamed of having used it to put myself through medical school, but I figure putting my share of that money toward helping those who need it is the least I can do.”

“And when the money runs out?”

“A great deal," Castiel repeated.  "The money’s not going to run out.  When I die, my sister will probably fight my will, but I’ve got it as ironclad