you’re not supposed to go out without telling one of us,” John began.

Sam cut him off with a careless wave of his fork. “I left a note for Dean.”

John glanced at Dean curiously as Dean glared at his brother. “Was that what was smeared all over my forehead this morning? I told you before that this,” Dean gestured over his face, “is not a post-it note, got it? It’s a protected landmark.” Sam just smirked at him, forking in a bite of scrambled eggs.

“Sam,” John began again, his annoyance coming through loud and clear despite his calm tone, “take that…stuff off your hands and wash your hair.”

“Permanent - won’t wash out,” Sam replied succinctly, shoving half a slice of toast into his mouth, the dim light in the small room glistening off the pearlescent sheen of his dark nails. Sam was like a magician with those slim fingers, the dancing black-tipped digits somehow keeping both Dean and John’s eyes on whatever Sam was currently doing with his hands, be it spreading butter on a slice of toast, picking lint off his shirt, or tapping out an impatient rhythm on the table top as he tried to pour some juice into his glass.

“Sam,” John stated more firmly, refocusing his attention on the matter at…hand. “That look is entirely inappropriate for my son. You need to look more like a man…like Dean!”

Dean grinned, showing Sam a mouthful of scrambled egg. “Yeah, Sammy, your hair already makes people think you’re a girl.”

Sam threw the crust of his toast at his brother.

John opened his mouth to continue his lecture on propriety when Sam jumped to his feet. “C’mon, Dean. Sam says it’s time to leave for school.”

“I expect you to be cleaned up when I get home tonight!” John called after him.

“Sure thing, Mr. Cleaver,” Sam called back with obvious sarcasm, tossing his backpack over his shoulder.

“Dude, Ward back there could break you in half with one hand,” came Dean’s wary voice down the hall. A sudden spill of laughter soon followed, “You realize that makes you the Beaver, right Sammy?”

“If I’m the Beaver, then you can just eat me, Dean.”

“Sammy!” Dean whistled appreciatively. “Nice comeback! Come on over here a second.” A muffled grunt came down the hallway when Dean cuffed Sam on the back of the head. “Wally got all the chicks, Beav. Live and learn.”

Sam’s colorful retort was cut-off by the slamming front door. 

                                                ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sam’s response to John’s declaration was to come home wearing eyeliner.

Dean gave John credit for not exploding on the spot when he saw it; he must have been strategizing at work when he realized where this was heading. Their father might not be on the same wavelength as Sam, but he wasn’t entirely stupid.

So, despite the fact that the smudged black lines really brought out the tilt to Sam’s eyes, making him look oddly feminine despite the strong lines of his face, John kept his mouth shut.

Dean could tell it was a struggle from the way the vein in their father's temple carved its way across his skin.

John merely took several deep breaths before mumbling something incoherent at the ceiling that sounded like nose ring and Prince Albert, God forbid, and they were moving at the end of the school year for fuck’s sake – only two more months! - before he had to kill them both.

“Hey!” Dean protested loudly, “I haven’t painted myself up like a girl so what’s the problem?”

John eyed him steadily. “I’d appreciate it if you would clean out the underwear collection that has accumulated in the glove box, thank you very much, before we have to spray the car down with disinfectant and have the CDC declare it safe for human habitation once more. Got it, Dean?”

Sam thought that was as amusing as hell and collapsed against the counter, his laugh turning squeaky whenever his voice broke.

Dean thwapped him on the back of the head. “Go curl your eyelashes like a good girl, Sammy.” 

                                                     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sam came out of the bathroom the next morning with his hair in spikes, giving his brother a baleful glare. “Try to hit me in the head again, Dean,” Sam urged tauntingly, crossing his arms across his chest, assured of his own invulnerability.

Dean slapped the flat of his palm against Sam’s forehead in response before tentatively poking at one spike. He found it to have the holding power of cement, the stiff column of hair nearly as dangerous as one of the weapons they had hidden in their duffels. “What the fuck did you put in your hair, you freak?” Dean asked incredulously.

“Glue,” Sam said simply, rubbing at the sore spot on his forehead as he frowned at his brother. “Mixed with water.”

Dean