of looking at it.  Still, it was a mistake.  As was releasing you from Bobby’s cage as your brother tried to save you from… everything.”

“That was you?” Sam asked, thinking back.  “I figured it had to be the angels, and I guess I shouldn’t be surprised they made you do it.  You were punished for getting too close to Dean, so they made you betray him.”

“And you, as well,” Cas said.  “Though you seem to have forgiven me rather quickly.”

“Yeah, well, if you’d picked then to stage your rebellion, they’d just have sent someone else to spring me,” Sam said reasonably.  “And you wouldn’t have been able to get Dean away from Zachariah.  Which I think we can both agree is a lot more important.”

Cas shook his head.  “Perhaps.  And if that had been my reasoning, waiting for a moment where my rebellion would make a difference, then perhaps I could forgive myself.  But at the time, all I was thinking was that you were not worth rebelling for.”

“And this is supposed to be news to me?” Sam said with an amused huff.  “Dean, yes.  And it almost worked.”

At that, Castiel sat up straight, staring at Sam in what could only be shock.  “Sam Winchester.  Do you truly believe I care nothing for you?”

Sam was thrown by the question, although he figured the phrasing was just Castiel’s odd way of putting things.  “Well, I mean, I’m Dean’s brother and he has a tendency to freak out when I’m in danger or gone, so… yeah, you give a shit about me.  But…”

“When I was first created, I was given to Anna.  As part of her garrison.  She taught me everything I knew.  Last year, when I first began moving beyond merely having doubts to actively questioning orders, Anna encouraged me.  Anna tried to help me find my free will, to make me more than what I was.  She saved my life when Uriel tried to convert me to Lucifer’s side.  And then, I betrayed her.  I gave her to Heaven to protect myself.  But when she told me what she had planned, I didn’t hesitate.  I tried to reason with her, but in the end, I had a choice.  And I chose you.”  Cas’s eyes were practically burning out of his face as he held Sam’s gaze.  “I didn’t do it for Dean.  I tracked Anna, I took the two of you to 1978, for you.  It’s not quite a rebellion against everything I used to be, but that wasn’t necessary.”

By the end of that, Sam was sitting up straight too, and as soon as Cas gave him an opening he leaned forward and hugged the angel.  It took Cas a bit to figure out what was going on, but soon his arms came up to hug back.  They held on, a bit too long perhaps, but Sam wasn’t sorry.  “Thanks, Cas,” Sam said as he pulled back.  “Forgive yourself for letting me out, okay?  I’m not worth a pointless rebellion.”

“Sam.”  Sam looked back at Cas, who looked a little afraid.  “What just happened?”

Leave it to Cas to be scared of a hug, huh?  “I learned that I’d completely misread you, that you really are my friend.  So I hugged you.  If you wanna be like Dean and save it for when one or both of us is about to die or just back from the dead, I’ll deal.”  Why were all of his friends like this?  He suddenly had a flare of missing Ellen and Jo.

“No,” Cas decided.  “You can hug me whenever you like.  It just seemed like there was more to it.”

“Oh.”  Sam gave Cas a half-smile.  “I died, or very nearly, in 1978. I remember Anna running me through with that steel bar, and I heard Dean trying to get to me, and then Michael showed up wearing Dad.  And then I was back here.  Dean, not too long after.”

“And he failed to hug you,” Cas guessed.

Sam nodded.  “Guess that’s why I held on to you just a little longer than I should’ve.  I’m sorry, I shouldn’t put Dean’s issues on you to fix.”

“It’s all right,” Cas said.  “I would rather fix Dean’s mistake than be yours.”

“Be… oh, no, Cas.”  Sam could feel himself blushing.  “Not that it sounds like a bad idea, it would actually be pretty awesome, if it weren’t for Dean.”  And he regretted saying that, Dean’s feelings weren’t his to tell Cas about.

Well, Cas seemed to know anyway.  “Exactly.  Dean is too…”

“Standing right