were walking in to check it out, Sam passed a man carrying a briefcase.  Something about the man smelled extremely familiar.  “Dean, there’s demon blood around,” Sam whispered.  “Maybe case related, maybe not, but I can smell it.”

“Okay, well, stick close and we’ll call Cas later today,” Dean said.  “You okay?”

“Yeah, think so,” Sam said, but he couldn’t get the smell out of his nose.  Thankfully, the smell of dead body parts helped a lot.  The coroner was perfectly happy to let them look at the bodies, as long as they got everything back in the refrigerator.

“Hey,” Dean said, pushing the Tupperware containing the guy’s heart over to Sam.  “Be my Valentine?”

Sam rolled his eyes, but took the heart anyway.  He was glad he did when he spotted the marking, but when he looked at it under the microscope… “We gotta call Cas now.  That looks Enochian.  And if there’s Enochian on the hearts of these two…”

“There’s probably something angelic going on,” Dean sighed.  “All right, I’ll call Cas.”  He pulled out his phone and speed-dialed.  “Cas, it’s us, we need you here.  Basement, room 31-C, St. James Medical Center.”

“I’m there now,” Cas said.  Sam bit back a laugh at the look on Dean’s face as he clearly heard it in stereo.

Sam pushed the hearts over to Cas, who confirmed Sam’s theory of angels.  Sam was not expecting Castiel to say this was the work of a cupid gone rogue.  Apparently, cupids were actually cherubs, and Castiel felt the need to clarify that they were not incontinent.

Castiel took them to a bar, or in his words, a “nexus of human reproduction”.  Things started to get a little weird when Dean dropped his burger, not hungry.  Things got a lot weird when Castiel ate it for him.  Before they could ask, though, Castiel suddenly went alert.  “He’s here.”  He pointed out a couple that had just gone from romantic to nauseating in the PDA.  “Meet me in the back.”

In the back, they met the cupid.  If by met, you mean got hugged extremely enthusiastically by.  When he broke down sobbing, though, they realized that he hadn’t meant for his couples to kill each other, he was just following Heaven’s orders.  Castiel read his mind, which settled the matter.

“Why does Heaven care if Harry meets Sally?” Dean asked.

“Mostly, they don’t,” the cupid said.  “But sometimes, certain bloodlines, certain destinies… oh, like yours!”

“Ours.  Cas, is he…” Dean said, suddenly feeling sick.

“No.  Your parents, not you,” Castiel clarified.  “And cupids can’t affect me.”

“It wasn’t easy, either,” the cupid said.  “John Winchester and Mary Campbell couldn’t stand each other when they first met!  But when we were done with them… perfect couple.”

“They’re dead,” Dean snapped.  Not that it was the cupid’s fault, but if John and Mary had been left alone, Mary wouldn’t have made the deal that killed her and John wouldn’t have gone nuts because of Mary’s death.  The cupid made a couple of bad jokes, and Dean threw a punch.  The cupid took off.

“What is wrong with you, Dean?” Sam asked.  “You punched a cupid!”

“I punched a dick.”  Dean looked between Sam and Cas.  “We’re done here, I’m out.  Goin’ back to the motel.”

Sam watched him go.  “He’s been like that since we got here,” Sam explained to Cas.  “It’s really starting to worry me.  Has he seemed off to you?”

Castiel nodded.  “Come on, we should go finish our meals.”  Once they were settled, Cas said, “He’s seemed depressed since Jo died.”

Sam nodded.  “I thought it was just losing Jo and losing what we thought was our best chance at Lucifer, but if it were that, he should be getting better, not worse.”

 

The coroner called Sam with another weird death: a man who had eaten enough Twinkies to kill himself.  Dean checked in with the police, and found there had been eight suicides and nineteen overdoses in the past five days.  Obviously, whatever was going on here, it wasn’t just love.

The smell of demon blood hit Sam, and looking around, he saw the man with the briefcase across the street.  Sam ambushed him, used the knife to cut him a couple of times.  Just when Sam was starting to lose it, the demon dropped the briefcase and ran.

Sam brought the briefcase back to the motel.  “I ran into the demon again.  We fought, he dropped this.  I didn’t