his brothers.  He held up the gun in his hands.  “Alright, you primitive screwheads, listen up!  You see this?  This… is my boomstick!”  The demons looked baffled, but he heard a groan from Sam that made him grin maniacally.  If Sam was complaining about his jokes, Sam would be all right.

He fired – bullets Castiel had made, with holy water in the hollow points.  It caused chaos in the ranks, giving Dean enough time to catch the angel blade Castiel tossed to him and get in close.  It wasn’t long before Cas was fighting beside him, Ruby’s knife flashing in his hand.

When the last demon fell, both Dean and Cas went back to Sam.  “I’m fine, guys.  I swear, I could’ve fought if Cas hadn’t stolen the knife.  Smite still not working?”

“Smite is working fine, at least for demons such as these were.  But if I took the knife, you wouldn’t be trying to fight on that leg.”  Cas touched the wound, causing Sam to flinch.  “I can fix you up, but a proper healing will still take a couple days, and between Dean’s fury and my own wrath, we had this one.”

“Sammy, you’re still not fully healed from that British bitch’s shot, you know me and Cas ain’t gonna let you fight when the same leg’s shot again.  Not until you’ve had a day or two to rest.”

“I know.  It’s just annoying.  I’m fine.”  Sam got to his feet and walked off.  “See?  Not even limping.”

“Whatever you say, tough guy.”  Dean slapped Sam’s shoulder and headed for the car.

 

They found a motel, where Dean wasted no time getting Sam’s pants off so he could see how bad it was for himself.  Sam rolled his eyes, but hey, he wasn’t complaining about having Dean’s hands on him like that.  Dean shook his head.  “Managed to get you right where Toni did.”

Sam shrugged.  “Which is a good thing, because Toni was deliberately aiming away from the femoral artery.  That demon was probably trying to kill me.”

“Probably?”  Castiel asked.

Sam grimaced.  “I, uh, I was going to tell you.  I was.  But some of the demons…” Sam stopped and poked his leg.  “With Lucifer in the wind and Crowley a laughingstock, some of the demons remembered that Boy King crap from way too long ago.  One of them came looking for me to swear his allegiance along with many like-minded others.  I don’t know how big this is or how far they’re willing to go to get me to take charge, because I killed the demon as soon as the words Boy King were out of his mouth.  This being Hell, I kind of figure killing my minions isn’t exactly going to discourage them…”

“So it’s possible the demon who shot you was one of yours, and wanted to… remind you that you have a power base?”  Castiel shook his head.  “I can’t think of a way to make sense of one of your demons being on this raid.”

“For starters, they’re not my demons.  I don’t want demons.  Putting up with Crowley because Dean’s in love with him is bad enough.”

Dean glared at Sam.  “Shut up.”

“Then give me any other reason we never got around to killing him?”

“Because.  He’s actually useful.  He ever stops being useful, we kill him.”  Dean paused.  “Once we’ve got this Boy King crap shut down, because if we don’t, it looks like a hit against your rival and will just get more idiots flocking to your banner.”

Sam smirked.  “See?  You’ve already got another excuse in place.”

“Shut up.”

Castiel looked thoughtful.  “I would think having Rowena as a mother-in-law would discourage a relationship with Crowley.”

“That mean God’s our father-in-law?” Dean joked.

“Who’s a worse father-in-law, God, or John Winchester?”  Sam ducked the smack Dean threw at him.

“Rowena is worse than either of those.”  Castiel’s face was perfectly straight as both Sam and Dean cracked up.

Sam caught his breath first.  “Okay.  Have to agree with you there.”

“What do we do about this Boy King thing?” Castiel ran his fingers through Sam’s hair.  “Because I’m not letting Hell have you again.”

Sam shrugged.  “I’m planning on ignoring it.  If they start bugging me too much, then as much as I hate to say it, we start supporting Crowley.  Because if any of the other demons had the brains and the balls to take Crowley’s throne, they’d be doing it already.”

“Rowena could do it.”  Dean rolled his eyes