boner. He knew Mel was good looking, but now she looks really, really hot.

Mel laughs at the look on his face. "What? You thought my school clothes were the only things I ever wear?"

Dean swallows. "You look good."

"That's the idea." Mel sees Sam sitting next to him and her eyebrow lifts.

"This is my brother," Dean explains. "Sammy, this is Mel."

"Hey kid," Mel says.

Sam looks up from his book and smiles nervously. Usually he would have bridled at being addressed as 'kid', but Dean's noticed recently that Sam's started to become aware that there are boys and girls in the world, and he can tell the effect of Mel's low-cut top isn't lost on his little brother.

"My brother's in your class," Mel tells Sam. "He says you're okay. You can come over sometime with Dean, if you like."

"Thanks," Dean says. He means it, too, because the chances of him ditching Sammy on a regular basis are pretty slim, and the way Mel delivers the invitation makes it pretty clear that he will be going over to her place.

"No biggie." Mel slides into the seat opposite him. "I'll have a chocolate shake."

Dean gets up to go to the counter - it's busy, and the waitress hasn't got a lot of time to spare for kids who come in wanting nothing more than a couple of drinks. When he gets back to the booth, Mel's talking with Sam about the book he's reading.

"I like the idea of the names," she tells him. "Keeping your real name a secret. Because it's true, don't you think? It does give you power over someone, knowing their name."

Dean knows it's truer than she even realizes - they've hunted more than one thing that was vulnerable to exactly that. And Dad's worked plenty of jobs under a false name. "Keeping your name secret gives you power, too," he points out. "Because then you know something other people don't."

Mel looks thoughtful. "Yeah. I like that."

Just like that, Dean finds himself relaxing, falling into conversation with Mel like they've known each other their entire lives. He guesses that once she's decided she likes someone, that's it.

When he says that to her she laughs and says, "It doesn't happen very often."

She's teasing him, Dean knows, but he can tell she means it, too. Which makes him feel pretty good, he thinks.

Mel lives out on the other side of town from them, but her house isn't that different - two stories instead of one, but otherwise the same kind of scruffy little place, paint peeling off the weathered wood of the porch.

"I could repaint that for you," Dean offers.

Mel gives him a funny look. "You could repaint your own."

"We probably won't be here long enough for it to matter," he explains. "Dad doesn't like to settle in one place for too long."

"Oh." Mel leaves it at that, but she still doesn't want the porch repainted. If they could have spared the money for paint, Dean realizes, she probably would have done it herself.

Mel leads the way into the house and dumps her bag of groceries on the kitchen counter. "You want some OJ?"

"Rather have a beer," Dean jokes, but he accepts the glass of juice.

Mel's brother Ben digs out a box of cookies from the grocery bag and takes a handful, ignoring Mel's complaints about dinner, and he and Sam thunder off upstairs. Mel finishes putting the shopping away and leads the way through into the den. It's as dingy as the outside of the house - battered old furniture like the stuff you get from Goodwill - and about as clean as Dean keeps their place. It looks homey, though.

"We're home, Mom," Mel says, and Dean registers the figure curled on the couch: a small, frail woman with the same high cheekbones as Mel, but none of her liveliness. "This is my friend Dean."

"That's nice, honey," Mel's mom says, regarding Dean with dull, incurious eyes.

"We'll be upstairs if you want me," Mel says.

Her mom just nods and smiles vaguely. Mel squeezes her shoulder briefly and heads on up the stairs.

Dean follows her into her room. "Is your mom -" He hesitates, not sure what it is he wants to ask.

"She's fine," Mel snaps, eyes daring Dean to challenge her.

He nods and looks away, picks up one of the tapes lined up along the dresser. "Mine died when Sammy was a baby."

"Sorry." Mel sounds genuine, not like she's just