in an instant from stone-cold to soft and yielding under his hands, quickly but not quickly enough for him to forget that he’s fucking an angel, and Cas might be fallen or rebelled or whatever but he still can’t help but feel like he only ever ruins everything, taints whatever he touches with the filthy taint of Hell.)

The thoughts flicker through Dean’s mind, slow and calm and somehow there but not.  He hears them, feels guilt try to swell, but something in the stars, glimmering points of light against black velvet, smooth the raw emotion away into something he can dismiss.  Not repress, which is what Dean’s good at, but simply brush away lightly.

Another time.

~

Eventually, Dean rouses himself from whatever hypnosis gazing upwards has cast on him.  Almost immediately, his eyes flicker across to Cas, who’s frowning slightly as he stares at the stars.

“You know, I haven’t done this in ages,” Dean says softly.  “It’s pretty goddamn beautiful, isn’t it?”

“It is pleasant,” is all he offers in his usual quiet, gravelly tone with that touch of confusion, as though he’s translating Dean’s words through three languages and coming up with something that’s grammatically correct but totally unfeasible as an actual thing that people say.

Or maybe he actually thinks this is pleasant. It’s hard to tell with Cas; but as he shifts slightly closer to the angel, he sees that frown deepen, the way it always does when Castiel is working through something in that immense, vague brain (do angels have brains, the same way humans do?) of his.

He waits patiently, till finally, Cas admits slowly, “I do not understand the particular appeal of this.  All of my Father’s creations are beautiful, and yet humans take particular interest in this…stargazing.”  He sounds the syllables out slowly and dubiously.

It’s Dean’s turn to shrug, to turn his gaze back to the sky.  “It’s just…it’s so big, you know?” he tries.  “The whole thing, the whole universe.  Sam did an astronomy project, back in grade school, and he kept going on about how old the stars are.  I mean, compared to that…we’re nothing.”  Dean glances quickly at Castiel, and amends the statement to “well, humans are, anyway.”  He exhales heavily.  “It’s scary, yeah, but kinda awesome.  I mean, it’s not like I’ve ever been the type to write, or compose music or whatever, but I can see why people get inspired by this.”

“Hmm,” is Castiel’s response, a barely audible hum.

“You probably think it’s pathetic,” Dean mutters, shrugging again.  “The whole taking something like that and making it all flowers and sunshine-“

“No,” Cas says softly.  “It…”

He stops, bites his perpetually chapped lips (and seriously, what is up with that?  Not that it matters, because somehow they’re always the right combination of rough and soft against Dean’s, but you’d think that angelic healing powers included skin moisturising), and then continues, almost carefully.  “It…helps me understand.”

“Understand what?”

“Why…why those who Fell did so,” he sighs.  “Suriel, Crariel, Anael-“

“What about Anna?”

“Anael,” Castiel repeats, a touch of amusement in his voice and probably glimmering in his eyes, though they’re still pointed at the stars.  “When we Fall, when we lose our Grace – our true names change with us.”

Oh right – the ‘-el’ thing – not particularly wanted, he supposes, by an angel who’s turned his (or, in Anna’s case, her) back on God.  He’d ask Cas whether his true name’s changed too, but dismisses that as at the very least a level of insensitivity that’s too much even for him.

“What do you mean,” he asks instead, “it helps you understand?”

There’s another pause, the processing type (complete with frown.)  “You…imagine.  It’s not something that angels are truly capable of.  The archangels, perhaps – but not in the same way.  Perhaps with battle plans, or architecture, or magic; but you humans, you…”

His head moves quickly, eyes meeting Dean’s in the moonlight, and Dean is conscious of the fact that they’re sitting extremely close; closer than is normal for platonic, and even for angels with no concept of personal space.

They’re never this close unless it’s going to turn into something else, unless someone’s going to be taking their clothes off soon.  And Dean might not be the best at reading moods, but he can tell that Cas probably isn’t thinking about sex right now.

(Shame, too, because the intensity in the angel’s