asleep for hours. Such a pretty little toy." I moan when your shirt shows off part of your breast

"Let me find somewhere to park first." Dean chuckled going further down the empty road. 

"There in between the trees. Do you want to fuck her mouth or just go straight into it?" I asked the only thing I could feel was the raging boner in my pants.

"I just want to fuck her ass. Could you hold her up or something?" Dean said pulling in as I think of what to do.

"Better yet. Let's just DP I'll put her on my cock then you can pounder your ass." I offered climbing into the back seat with your passed out body.

"I like the sound of that. I guess we won't need the rope then." Dean murmured parking and turning off the engine. I picked your limp body up from the seat setting you on my lap. You whimpered in your sleep, but made no other sign of discomfort. 

"Such nice tits." I grunt ripping your shirt in half with my bare bands leaning down to suck dark markings into your skin. A present for you to find later. Dean opened the driver side back door looking in to watch me.

"Do you need help?" He offered as I laid your naked torso on the seat. 

"Hold her still so I can get these pants off." I say already yanking the denim down your legs. Dean grabs at your breast squeezing and licking until your pants were off. Your underwear was easy to rip in half, but I took my time taking them off even putting them in the glove box as treasure.

"She looks to innocent. Makes me wish she was begging us to stop." Dean chuckled petting your cheek. I pulled my pants down letting my throbbing cock out.

"I just want to fuck her until she can't walk." I say with no emotion knowing this girl is underage. I grab her roughly throwing her into my hips. Your pussy was dry from the lack of stimulation, but Dean spit in your lips.

"Damn she is tight as fuck." He growled working his spit in and out of your walls. You tensed in your sleep feeling his probing as he spits again working into your ass also.

"Is she ready?" I ask impatiently lifting your hips enough to set your now wet entrance on my head. I moaned letting your hips drop fully onto my cock. I could feel my head tear through your virginity which just made me moan louder. 

"Oh fuck she was a virgin." I gasp pushing deeper. Dean chuckled pushing into your ass with force I hadn't seen him use before. He growled in pleasure already starting to pound your ass while I took my time in your pussy.

"Ahh." You wince lightly as we both pick up pace inside of you.

"I think she is waking up." I grunt slaming into your swelling walls.

"Good I want her to scream." Dean groaned pumping harder. Your body bounced on my chest sliding my shirt up and down. My cock twitched the more you tenses as the Cloriphobm wore off with the pain of the rape.

****Your point of view****

Everything was dizzy and shaking. Your head hurt and it was dark when you first opened your eyes. 

"Wha-," you were cut off by pain shooting through your body. You tried to move unable to lift your arms or head.

"Fuck she is getting tighter Dean." A deep voice moaned as more pain pounded through you. The voice made your chest vibrate making you wince.

"Ahhh I'm gonna." The man that offered you a ride hissed in your ear. You tired to move again your body feeling slow and sticky.

"Ssshhhhhiit!" He roared pushing deep inside of your ass. Your eyes snapped open with the realization of what was going on. You tried to push off the chest you were laying on. 

"Get off." You attempted to scream through clenched teeth. You still felt like you were rocking before hands on your hips started moving you up and down.

"Oh now you want to fight. Damn you couldn't of woke up 5 minutes earlier." The man named Dean chuckled against your back.  

"Get off." You choke out again trying to get away. You felt something hit your cervix causing you to scream. The man pumped harder underneath you up into your hips.

"Dean hold her up." He moans pushing you to sit straight up. Which just pushed his dick deeper  into your cervix again. Two hands grabbed your upper arms pulling you into a different chest. Your breast and head bounced as he rammed up into you harder.

"So soft." Sam growled his hands going up to squeeze your boobs roughly. 

"Stoop!" You cry unable to stop your body contracting around him. 

"Almost." He groaned while his penis seemed to grow inside of you. Stretching you wider even after he slowed his thrusts. He growled thrusting as deep as he could to let his cock empty inside of your walls. 


"Please stop." You beg now