though.  Not out loud.  “Now you know what we deal with all the time.”  Dean sat on the table.  “What’s with the plants?”

“They were in the bottom of the six-pack.  I’m trying to look them up, figure out what they are.”  Sam went back to his computer.

Castiel came over to the table and picked up one of the plants.  “This is maca.  It’s Peruvian.  It’s often used as a mineral supplement or an aphrodisiac.”

“Well.  Aphrodisiac, beer, I can see the connection there.”  Dean picked up another maca plant.  “Probably doesn’t have anything to do with the body swap, though, right?”

“No, but…”  Castiel stared thoughtfully at the plant.

Sam held up a different plant.  “I recognized the mugwort, of course.  It’s supposed to be used to ward off evil, but obviously it’s defective.”  He tossed it back on the table and took up another one.  “This one’s salvia.  It says that salvia’s used for vision quests and stuff like that.  Legal in some states.  Not Kansas, but you could get some in, say, New Mexico easily enough.”

“So we’ve got vision quests, evil warding, and aphrodisiacs.”  Dean tapped his fingers on the table.  “If we think of the maca as boosting power, makes sense, doesn’t it?  Mugwort to keep demons out while we’re swapping around.”

“Mugwort’s also used in scrying, sometimes, so maybe it’s there to help us find where to go.”  Sam rolled the salvia he was holding between his fingers.  “Any thoughts on how to fix it?”

“Finish off that last beer?” Dean suggested.

Castiel shook his head.  “That would be just as likely to send us to the other wrong body as to put us back where we belong.  And we wouldn’t be able to examine it for further ingredients or spellwork.”

“Great.  You got a way to figure out the spellwork, genius?”  Dean threw the maca plant he was holding on the table.

Castiel picked up the beer.  “Witches leave traces of themselves in their materials.  If I can… there.  The witch who cast this spell is Evelyn Garner.  She’s…”  Castiel went blank.  “Warded against angels.  I can’t find her.”

“Great.  No, that’s awesome, Cas.  We know the witch’s name.”  Dean ignored Castiel’s glare.  If they couldn’t find her anyway, what did it matter what her name was?

He’d forgotten to take his nerd brother into account, though.  Sam grinned.  “Well, knowing her name and that she was close enough to get the herbs into beer that ended up with us… I found her blog.  She’s a Harry Potter fan, the password to get into the real witch stuff was pomonasprout.  And here we go…”  Sam started losing color as he read.  “You’re not going to like this.”

Dean came over and leaned over Sam’s shoulder to read.  He let out a snort.  “Well, at least she knows whose bad side she’s gotten on.”  He kept reading.  “You’ve gotta be kidding me.”

“I know.  That is… I’m looking forward to ganking her.”

Cas gave them both an annoyed look.  “What is it?”

“According to Evelyn, there’s only one way to fix this.  We, um…”  Sam turned the laptop toward Cas.  Dean couldn’t blame him.  He didn’t want to say it either.

Cas read it.  “I see.  Another explanation for the maca, then.”  He reached out, scrolling down.  “There’s more.  We have twelve hours, or the foxtail will kick in.  The two of you will die.”  Castiel paused.  “Less than four hours remaining, I believe.”

“You seem pretty okay with this,” Dean said.  Probably not something new for Sam and Cas, aside from Dean being involved.  But Dean felt really awkward about joining in.  For one thing, Sam was his brother.

“I am not ‘okay’ with being forced to participate in the rape of my friends.”  Dean wanted to find whoever taught Cas about finger quotes and slap them.  “But getting angry about it now won’t help anything.  I’m saving my anger for the person who deserves it.”

Sam raised an eyebrow.  “Rape’s a little… strong… don’t you think?”

“Your choices are sex or death.  I think rape is exactly the right word.  It’s just not me or Dean that’s responsible for it.  It’s Evelyn, using us.”

Dean agreed with Sam, but he couldn't really argue with Cas's logic.  “You’re not gonna die, though.  You can…”

Cas glared at him.  “Letting you and Sam die when there