suffocating and tinged with nervousness for Dean. But Cas had just taken one look (one long look) at Dean’s face and body and then stated that he would wait a little while longer. Dean had blushed again and liked it this time. His heart had hammered like a little hummingbird.

After they were done at JCPenny Dean had stopped in a mall restroom to change his clothes to the more fitting ones. And to relieve his bladder because apparently being a girl meant he had to piss like every 120 minutes… Seriously, had his bladder shrunk with the rest of his body or what?

When he emerged from the restroom he felt pretty good about himself. Okay, so he was a woman and that was not something he hoped would last for long because while he might love women he still wanted his dick back. Plus, all this hanging out with Cas in these kinds of situations were just messing with his head.

But at least now he looked better, didn’t have to hitch up his clothes every five fucking minutes.

He looked himself over in a full body mirror just outside the restrooms and yeah (he flicked his hair over his shoulder and it looked awesome) he was Dean fucking Winchester, he could fucking pull this off. Just needed some better shoes and he was all set.

In fact, Dean was so pumped on his own awesomeness that he didn’t notice the two guys walking past him until he totally walked smack dab into one of them.

"Hey there lil’ lady." The guy said and caught Dean by the elbow before he could stumble too bad.

"Sorry." He murmured, feeling embarrassed and weird now that his self-psyching had been interrupted. Man, his emotions were really all over the fucking place lately.

"Sure, no problem."

"Uh…" Dean looked down to where the man was still grasping his elbow. Lightly, sure, but still. "Is there something you want?"

The man’s smile turned into a leer and what the fuck? His friend crowded in on Dean as well.

"You sure there ain’t something you want?"

Dean’s face no doubt turned sour. "Trust me, pal, neither of you is man enough for me." He ripped his arm free from the dude and promptly turned his back to them, flinging his hair in their faces and trotting off confidently.

He could hear them shouting something obscene behind his back but Dean didn’t slow down or turn around. Did in fact speed up when he saw Cas waiting patiently where Dean had left him.

Dean could handle himself, of course, don’t be ridiculous. But that knowledge didn’t take away the fact that he felt better when he was in Cas’ company again.

"Everything alright?" Cas asked because of course he did.

"Yeah." Dean mumbled and looked over his shoulder only to see the two men glaring at him. So just out of spite (nothing else) Dean stood on his tip-toes to kiss Cas on the cheek, leaning in to feel the angel’s scruff against his now smooth cheek. "Just those guys were getting a little handsy, let’s get out of here." He mumbled in Cas’ ear.

When he turned back to the men they were looking unimpressed, Cas looked like fucking righteous fury and Dean couldn’t goddamn believe what he had done. Had kissed Cas on the cheek. Like a girl. Like something a girl would do to someone she liked.

On the way out Dean had to stop in a makeup store to buy concealer for his permanent blush, Cas of course just following obediently. Fuck Dean’s life.







*****

Dean was sitting at the bar in some sleazy joint in southern Alabama. It was almost two weeks later and Dean hated everything and everyone. Well, that wasn’t really true but the fact was that he was miserable.

Being a woman fucking sucked. He was sure a lot of women loved it and he admired them for it but it just wasn’t his thing, alright? Sure, women could do basically everything a man could (and some things better) but the truth was that some things were harder as a woman.

Like, he wasn’t as strong as he used to be and that was just bullcrap. He knew plenty of women who were actually stronger than him (like fucking body builders and whatever) but of course his version of a woman’s body was weak. Well, weaker.

And somehow, over just the course of a few days, Dean had learnt pretty fast what it was like to be on the other end of all that constant flirting. Yeah, wasn’t as nice when he was on the receiving end of a fugly dude drooling all over himself. Dean was starting to think he was becoming a feminist, much to Sam’s amusement.

But whatever, Dean just missed being himself. Missed his dick. He was horny, he knew it, but he didn’t really know what to do with himself. Horniness as a woman was just a completely different ballpark.