know that one and I don’t want to mess up the timeline if I can avoid it.”

Sam shook his head.  “I really don’t know what you’re talking about, Samantha.”

Amelia stood up.  “I’m going to the bathroom.  I have my holy water.  Talk amongst yourselves because I don’t think I want to know this big secret.”

When Amelia was gone, Samantha leaned forward.  “You two.  I’ve seen the rings.  I used to spend the night at the Bunker all the time, and for old guys, you two sure were loud when you’re horny.”

“Wait, what?”  Dean looked horrified.  “I don’t know what the hell is wrong with you, but I am not…”

Sam tried to quell his own shock as Dean got up and walked away from the table.  “Look, Samantha, I don’t know what you think you heard or saw, but Dean and I are brothers.  That’s it.”

Samantha’s eyes flew open wide.  “Oh, shit.  You guys aren’t… you’re not together yet, are you.  This is before the wreck.  Cas!”

Castiel came, looking curiously at Samantha.  “What are you doing here?  You’re not even born yet.”

“Trying to make sure I get to be.  Saving my mom’s life.  And fucking up the timeline by assuming things had happened that hadn’t.  Can you…”

Castiel looked at Sam.  “Sam, things should unfold on their own.  Will you allow me to alter your memory and restore the timeline?”

“Is it true?  What Samantha said… that’s the way things are going to happen?”

“That’s the way they’re supposed to.  You know as well as I do that free will can change destiny, though.”

“Fix my memory.  You’ll have to fix Dean’s, too, though.”

Castiel shrugged.  “Dean’s memory is already fixed.  Messing with your brain, without your knowledge and consent, I’ve done too often to be comfortable doing it again.”

 

The demons attacked that night, and with Samantha’s help, the Winchesters fought them off.  Amelia and Don sat down with Sam and the three of them agreed that when the baby was born, Sam would come get her and take her to Kansas.

On the way home, Dean glanced over to Sam.  “You sure about this?  Raising a baby in the Bunker?”

“Dean, the baby’s gonna be a target for being my kid.  In the Bunker, we can protect her.  It’s not like we’re raising her in the back of the Impala running from one hunt to the next, and Cas and Jody and Charlie and Kevin have all promised to help us out.  And come on, I know a niece isn’t the same as a daughter, but you’ve always wanted to raise a kid…”

Dean smiled, but his response was cut off as a truck came barreling down the road out of control.  Sam cracked his head on the windshield of the Impala.

The next thing he knew, he was in his bed in the Bunker, Dean sitting in the chair beside him and Castiel reassuring Dean that Sam would wake up eventually.  Sam tried to force his eyes open, and eventually succeeded.  “D’n?”

“Sammy!  Oh, thank God.”  Dean reached for Sam’s hand.  “Sam, do you remember the wreck?”

“Yeah… how long have I been out?”  Sam started to sit up, only to find Dean and Cas both restraining him.

“Four days.”  Dean squeezed his hand.  “You’re not in the hospital because they kept kicking me out, so Cas and I kidnapped you and brought you home.”

“Dean…”  Sam laughed.  It hurt.  “Why’d they kick you out?”

“Visiting hours or some such.  Said you needed your rest.  Near as I could tell me sitting there staring at you wasn’t gonna keep you from your coma, but they wouldn’t listen to reason.”  Dean squeezed Sam’s hand again.  “So Cas helped me and has been acting as a human hospital machine system, making sure your heart kept beating and you were breathing and all.”

“Thanks, Cas.”

“You’re going to be okay, Sam.  I’ve healed what I can.  All that’s left for you is to recover from the shock and trauma.”  Castiel reached out, smoothing back Sam’s hair, and flew off.

Sam looked critically at Dean.  “Have you slept since the wreck?”

“Course I have.  I was hurt, too, had to sleep off my own shock and trauma.”  It wasn’t convincing.  “Sammy, I couldn’t, okay?  Not until you woke up.  I couldn’t… it wouldn’t be the first time you’ve died, but it would be the first time you’ve