Sleep.”

Sam squirmed and tried to sit back up.  “Slept too much.  When I wake up, you won’t be here.”

“I’ll be here, baby.  Humor me.  Just close your eyes.”  Sam obeyed, and was asleep before Mary had even reached “then you can start to make it better.”

 

Mary wasn’t there when he woke up.  To be fair, she was there a few minutes later, with a tray holding a bowl of tomato soup, water, and a thermos.  “Hey, baby.  How are you feeling?”

“I’m fine.  I don’t…”  Sam cut off.  This was his mom.  If a hallucination of a mom isn’t allowed to baby someone, who is?  “Still feverish.  Been in a lot worse pain.  But I think I’m awake enough that you don’t have to airplane the soup at me.”

Mary pouted.  “Aww, I never got to airplane anything at you.  Dean, yes.  That boy was such a picky eater before you were born!”  But Mary helped Sam sit up, and set the tray on his lap.  The thermos turned out to be hot chocolate, not coffee, but it was still good.

“Your turn for story time."  Mary settled into the chair.  "Actually, wait.  We talked Apocalypse yesterday, but Dean told me something interesting yesterday.  He said that when you guys went after Lucifer, you had to drink a lot of blood.”

“Well, yeah, I needed to strengthen the vessel.  Dunno if that helped or hurt my cause in taking control of it, really.  But I drank about five gallons of the stuff before we went into the building.”  The blood had been cold, and tasted weird from the anticoagulants they'd had to add, and Sam still hated himself for how much he'd wanted it by the end.

“Dean said that you weren’t you after you’d drunk.  He says, and Cas backs him up, that the demon blood changes you.  The more you drink, the more demonic you act.  And you were pretty juiced before you drank that woman, weren’t you?  From Ruby’s blood?”

He'd heard the argument before, but he didn't buy it.  “It was still me.  Still my choice.”

“Do you blame Dean for the things he did while he was a demon?  Or under the Mark of Cain?”

“No, of course not.  That wasn’t really…”

“Even though he took the mark willingly?”

Sam sighed.  “He was so messed up then, because we were fighting and we'd just lost Kevin.  And he needed the mark, if he was going to stop Abbadon…”

“You were so messed up then, because you'd lost Dean and then you were fighting with him.  And you needed the demon blood, if you were going to stop Lilith…”

Sam shook his head.  “It’s not the same, Mom!  It’s just… it’s not.”

“The only difference I see is that one was Dean and one was you.  Double standards are bad, Sammy.”  Mary scooted forward in her chair.  “Anyway!  Your turn to choose your story.  What great failing do you want to tell me about today?”

“How about the time I left Dean in Purgatory?”

“Sure.  I haven’t heard the story of how Dean ended up in Purgatory, but Dean told me about leaving Cas there and Cas told me about Dean’s determination to save him extending their stay by months.”

“Okay.  So there was this guy, Dick Roman, who was the head of a giant snake.  Leviathans.  Which is a long story…”

“Cas told me about releasing them from Purgatory.  I figured it was connected to them being there.”

“Yeah.  With Dick gone, the Leviathans were no longer a threat.  So Dean, Cas, me, and a couple others… Kevin and Meg, both dead now… put together a team to take him down.  Dean struck the actual death blow, but Cas was close, and got caught in the implosion.  They were both taken to Purgatory.  Crowley took Meg and Kevin to Hell.  I was left alone.”

“Sounds like."  Mary took Sam's hand again.  "What did you do?”

“I hid my phones in a cabin belonging to someone else we got killed, Rufus Turner…”

“Rufus Turner?  Really?"  Mary's eyebrows shot off her face.  "That man was a paranoid bastard even when I was still in the business.  You and Dean worked with Rufus Turner?”

“Yeah, uh, he was an old pal of Bobby’s.  Dean’s told you about Bobby, I’m sure.  Anyway.  I hid my phones in Rufus’s old cabin, along with anything else from hunting, and drove around the country.  Then I hit a dog.  The vet I took her to guilted me into keeping the dog, I ended