grin and near-shouted, “Time to wake up, Sleepin’ Beauty!  Pancakes await.”  





Nothing like sheer volume to irritate Sam most in the morning.





With another glare, Sam opened his mouth, ready to greet the day with a colorful turn of phrase regarding Dean’s hygiene, sexual partners, or parentage, and Dean readied to stand, their morning ritual nearly complete.





But nothing came out.





Sam tried again, his lips moving rapidly as his brows furrowed, clumsily rising to his feet as Dean looked on in wonder.  





“Sam?”





His brother stalked across the threadbare carpet, his tirade unceasing, even as it remained inaudible, though from the movement of Sam’s lips Dean guessed he might be glad he couldn’t hear what Sam was saying after all.  Not that what he saw made any sense – he couldn’t read Sam’s lips – but maybe Sam had pulled out the SAT words, which was never good for anybody involved.





“You’ve lost your voice?” Dean asked, just to be clear.





Sam nodded reluctantly.





“So, I could tell you that your breath could drop a banshee at fifty paces, and you couldn’t say anything?”   





Sam’s response was narrowed down to one select finger.





Dean laughed for nearly two minutes straight.





~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~





“We were out in the damp night air for a few days,” Dean pointed out over his blueberry pancakes, waving his fork in Sam’s direction and dripping a trail of syrup across the cracked formica of the tabletop.  “Maybe your delicate constitution couldn’t take it.”





Sam just glared at him from over the scrambled eggs he kept pushing around his plate.





“Open your mouth,” Dean demanded.  “Let’s see if your throat’s all red.”





Sam complied, showing off an impressive array of half-chewed eggs and sausage.  Dean quickly flicked his balled-up straw wrapper into Sam’s gaping maw.





“Two points!”





His brother hacked up the now soggy missile, along with a generous portion of scrambled eggs, making Dean wrinkle his nose in disgust.  





“Dude, gross.  This isn’t a 24-hour stomach bug, is it?”





Sam just sat hunched in his seat across from Dean, finally reaching into the pocket of his hoodie – Dean knew Sam always reached for a hoodie like some sort of security blanket when he wasn’t feeling 100% - and pulled out the motel’s complimentary notepad and pen.  He bent over the table, tongue sticking out from between his teeth as he scrawled something messily across the paper, tearing it off the pad and slapping the note on the table in front of Dean with a satisfied smirk.





Dean glanced down and stared at the paper for a full minute, his brow furrowing in confusion.  “Is this in code or something?”





Sam frowned, craning his neck to read his note upside down, before snatching it back up and looking at it in disbelief.






                                     Bj. Hw jehrla owbqk+i fgiw doi q san*p mdwwx zpsd.







Loe pqmb j derw.




 “Heh,” Dean snickered.  “You wrote bj.”

 Sam quickly jotted down another note, and passed it over to Dean once more.

                                                                                    Lwuh abh DIKN Wqlk!



After glancing down at the note in front of him for several seconds, he gave Sam an assessing look.  “That revenant threw you into that fire hydrant pretty hard.  Maybe you got some kind of weird brain damage.  Maybe we should…” here Dean hesitated, awkwardly playing with his fork, “y’know, see a doctor.”



 Sam shook his head curtly, beginning to print another note when he gave up, instead scribbling on the paper before passing it to Dean.



          





Dean took one look at it before nodding, his nose wrinkled in obvious skepticism.  “Okay, so no doctor, and you think the witch did it.”  He paused, then asked uncertainly, “But why is that shrimp attacking her?”   





~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~





Dean clapped his hands together, falling into one of the chairs with an exhausted sigh.  “Well, that was…fun.”





Sam slumped on the bed, falling backwards with only the slight creaking of springs to alert Dean to his presence.





“So, no written communication of any kind - no lip reading, not even sign language.  It all comes out nonsense.  All we’ve got is your sad attempt at art.”  Dean tossed a balled up piece of paper at his brother, who didn’t even twitch.  “Don’t take this the wrong way, Picasso, but people generally have eyes on their faces, not their chests.”





Sam just rolled his head and frowned at Dean, gesticulating wildly.





Dean replied defensively, “They looked like boobs!  I though you wanted me to tell her you liked her rack!”





Sam slapped a hand over his eyes, his chest heaving in an impressive sigh as he resorted to the one form of communication that so far never failed to get across to Dean when he gave him the finger…again.





“Y’know,” Dean muttered, slouching even further into his seat, “this isn’