and he doubled over, shoving his computer away. Images began to swim in his mind’s eye. It hurt more than usual.

Castiel was on his feet but Dean stopped him from advancing with a hand on his arm. He watched his brother warily.

“Sam? Sammy what are you seeing?”

Dean’s voice sounded muffled and then it faded altogether. Sam was left to the mercy of his vision.


Adam… Darkness… A gun… A brick wall… Adam…


Sam dug his fingers into his temples, fighting the growing pain as Dean and Castiel watched helplessly.


Adam was scared… 2 other guys… the gun pointed at Adam… One guys’ hand around Adam’s throat…


Sam felt like his head was being torn into pieces. No longer able to keep himself upright, he slumped to the side, curling in on himself, willing the crippling pain to go away.


Adam… gun… black eyes… “Winchester”…


The vision expanded.


“We’re looking for Sam Winchester.” The first guy said.



“I-I don’t know anyone with that name.” Adam said, eyes wide.



“We know he’s been here.” The first guy said, leaning closer.



“Yes, this place smells of him.” The second spoke up.



“I don’t know who that is.” Adam insisted, voice jumping an octave.



“Then you are useless to us.” The first guy said, raising the gun to Adam’s chest.




BANG!



The vision ended abruptly, leaving Sam lying flat on his back gasping. Dean was at his side in a second, helping him sit up slowly.

“There ya go, easy Sammy.” Dean said, keeping a hand on his brother’s shoulder to steady him. Castiel stood alert at the end of the bed, looking perplexed. Sam swayed slightly, still looking quite out of it. Dean spoke quietly, knowing Sam’s head would be sensitive to sound still.

“What’d you see, Sam?”

“Remember how I said Adam didn’t need our help? I was wrong. There are demons in the city and they’re looking for me.”

Castiel’s frown deepened.

“They asked for you by name?” He sounded confused. Sam nodded, wincing. Castiel seemed distracted as he stared at the brothers. Sam took one more deep breath before he started to stand. Dean kept a hand on him, torn between keeping him in the room and going after the demons.

“I’m going to find Adam. He should still be at work. I think that’s where the demons are going to find him.” Sam said as he grabbed his coat, putting it on sluggishly.

“I’m going alone.”

Dean was grabbing Sam and stopping him from opening the door in record time. He spun him around.

“The hell you are.” He snapped. Sam looked too tired to bother getting angry.

“Dean, he’s in danger because of me. If our souls really are predestined in some way then I take the full blame for what’s going to happen. The demons wouldn’t be targeting him if I hadn’t found him.”

Dean opened his mouth to argue.

“Let him go.” Castiel’s voice cut through their arguing. Dean turned slowly to stare at the angel seated on the bed, disbelief shining in his eyes.

“If the demons asked for Sam then he’s the one who needs to go.”

“I’m not letting my brother go and fight demons by himself!” Dean shouted. He bit back anymore arguments when he saw a fire light behind Castiel’s dark blue eyes. Dean knew that his wings were probably puffed up in irritation so it was in his best interest to just shut up and listen.

“If they know his name, I’m more than certain that they don’t want a fight. They probably want information, information only Sam can give to them. If he brings someone else along it has the potential to go bad.”

Sam, who had been listening quietly, put a hand on Dean’s shoulder, making his brother face him again.

“Dean the longer I wait the more likely Adam is to get hurt. Please. I can do this.” He pleaded. Dean almost looked like he was going to refuse, but he didn’t; he turned and grabbed a cell phone from the bed behind him, placing it in Sam’s hand.

“Don’t do anything stupid.” He said gruffly. Sam nodded, hurrying out the door without another word.

Sam quickly made his way back to the diner. The main thing that sucked about his visions was that he was never sure when or if they would come true. For all he knew Adam could have been dead already. It wasn’t something he wanted to think about really. Too many people had died because of him. If what Castiel said was true, and he and Adam were linked, then Adam was way too important. Sam couldn’t let