. I'm fine," he said hurriedly, taking another bite of his burger and a very long swallow of beer. "Just thinking, that's all."

She pursed her lips and raised an eyebrow skeptically but didn't say anything, for which he was immensely grateful. Tonight was supposed to be about him and her, not whatever mess he had made with his father and brother before coming to Stanford.

"So, Sam," she said in an obvious attempt to change the subject. "What do you wanna do after we –"

His phone suddenly buzzed, startling both of them as it rattled across the table, and Sam grabbed it before it could fall to the floor. His heart sped up when he read the caller-ID: DEAN. He carefully flipped the phone open, looking over the five-page message and feeling his heart sink further with every word.

"Sam.


We just finished a job a few minutes ago – took longer than it should've without someone to help research, but hey, what's a few hours when people are dying? Guess you're probably out having drinks with some pretty girl or something, since that's what college kids do. That's a treacherous, slippery slope, Sam. Be careful you don't forget who you are, or you'll end up hurting her when she finds out. Don't worry about us – we'll stitch ourselves up and move on, like we always do, while you get hammered and party all night. And don't worry about calling back. This is the last time I'll be bothering you, if you even choose to look at this.


Oh, yeah. And happy birthday."

Sam snapped the phone shut, feeling sick to his stomach and completely losing interest in the food on his plate. This wasn't how tonight was supposed to go. Why had Dean suddenly turned against him? Had he done something so wrong even his brother hated him now? He swallowed hard, not willing to let himself feel the burn in his eyes, and dully registered Jessica's hand on his arm.

"Sam?" she asked softly, and he shook his head, standing up from the table.

"We need to go, Jess. I'm sorry. I need – I can't –" he stammered, trying to get himself under control while he stumbled toward the door. He hadn't realized how much beer he'd had until now, but it was making it a little hard to walk straight.

"Sam, wait!" Jessica called, grabbing his arm just before he reached the door. The restaurant was on the second floor of the building they were in, with some hardware store they had no interest in underneath. "What is it? Did I say something wrong?"

"No, it wasn't you," he said, shaking his head a little more vehemently than necessary and wincing when it made him dizzy. He made his way to the staircase outside, her hand still in his, and smiled apologetically. "Can we just get home first? Then I'll tell you wh – ah."

Jess watched, seemingly in slow-motion, as Sam's hand slipped out of hers and his foot unexpectedly dropped over the first step. His eyes widened, and he tumbled backwards down the tall set of stairs with a series of horrible metallic clangs, long limbs flailing in a desperate attempt to stop his fall and failing miserably. When he reached the bottom, she had already begun tearing after him, and she was terrified by the way his crumpled form hadn't moved at all by the time she reached his side.

"Sam? Sam!" she cried, kneeling beside him and hoping he was still conscious. Please be okay, please be okay… He blinked slowly up at her, pushing himself up on his elbows and attempting to stand. The moment his weight shifted over his long legs, though, he tensed and sucked in a pained gasp, moaning and laying back against the concrete.

"Agh! Damn, that h-hurts… Nnnnhh…" he said in a choked whisper. One of her hands found his, and he clenched it tightly as he fought to keep himself together.

"What hurts, Sam? Can you tell me?" Jessica placed a steady hand on his shaking shoulder and spoke as calmly as possible, suddenly glad for having been raised in a family of doctors and knowing how to keep calm in situations like this.

He nodded, pulling in a shuddering breath through clenched teeth. "Leg… Right leg…"

"Okay. I'm just going to take a look at it, okay?"

He closed his eyes, keeping his head still and breathing as slowly and deeply as he could manage. "Mm-hmm."

While one of the managers dialed 911, she slowly pushed up the leg of his jeans, looking for anything out of the ordinary while trying not to think about his stuttering gasps of pain. A few seconds later, she realized this was much more than she could handle