were the days when she would call to do the same thing.

Afternoons were for running errands, training with Dean, or more research.  When Dean got hungry, he would track down Sam and start dropping hints about supper.  Sam usually claimed not to be hungry, but Castiel kept an eye on him, and no matter what Sam said he always ate well if it wasn’t greasy fast food.  He tended to eat best when Dean actually cooked something.  Cas usually hung out with them during dinner, but didn’t eat.  Sometimes, though, Dean insisted – mysteriously, there always seemed to be extra hamburgers around when that was dinner.  Once in a while, especially as the weather started getting cold, Dean would make mac and cheese, and he always made Cas eat some.

Some evenings, Dean could get Sam to agree to go out, hit the bars, hang out like they did on the road.  Some evenings, he would stay home, and the three of them would watch a movie or play a game or watch the stars all together.  And sometimes Dean would go out, and Cas and Sam would spend the evening enjoying date night.  Go out, stay in, either way it ended up with them in Sam’s room curled up together.

Most nights, Castiel didn’t sleep.  Some nights, he did.  At the end of a long day, there was nothing better than drifting off in the arms of his hunter.

Warnings: Blood, dubious medical procedures, bed sharing

It was quiet.  Castiel was taking advantage of Lilith’s recent smiting by Gabriel to relax with some of his angel friends.  It seems that when Gabriel found out Lilith was trying to end the world and cause his brothers to fight, he didn’t appreciate that one bit.  Balthazar had smuggled up some alcohol, and Rachel, Hannah, and Ezekiel had come to help the two of them drink it all.

“What are they really like?  The righteous man, the boy with…”

“Don’t call him that,” Cas interrupted Ezekiel.  “If it weren’t for the demon blood, I don’t know who Sam would have become.  But he couldn’t have become a more faithful or forgiving soul.  He has his flaws just like any other human, but why Hell thinks they have any claim on him is beyond me.  I thought I would find him irritating, something to tolerate for the sake of the mission.  I was wrong.”

“What about Dean?” Rachel asked.

“Also not at all what I expected.  He’s brash, and he doesn’t believe.  Like Sam, he’s convinced he’s not actually worth much of anything.  He’s devoted to his brother and determined to save everyone.  He’s a very good man,” Castiel said, adding for the sake of completeness, “but he can be aggravating.”

Case in point: just as Castiel got his beer open, he heard Dean screaming for him.  He rolled his eyes and handed the beer to Balthazar.  “I have to go.  Dean.  This probably won’t take long, I swear sometimes he calls just to see if I’m listening.”

 

When Cas got to Dean, though, all was forgotten as he took in the sight of Sam lying at the foot of a cliff in a growing pool of his own blood.  On some level, Castiel was aware that Dean was talking to him, but the words washed over him as he dropped to his knees and shoved Dean out of the way.  The worst injury was where a sharp stick had gone through Sam’s thigh, ripping a hole through the femoral artery.  Cas slammed one hand over the top of it, sending grace flooding through the wound.  His other hand went to Sam’s head, checking for concussion from the fall or brain damage from the blood loss.

His brain seemed fine, and the leg wound was healed, so Cas began a more thorough assessment.  What he found sickened him.  He drew his blade and used it to cut open his arm and Sam’s, pressing the two together and using his grace to force the blood from his arm into the human’s.  He pulled off and healed Sam’s wound only when he realized he was starting to feel the cold.

“Room?” he said, finally turning to look at Dean as he pulled his arm in and pressed it as tight as he could against his body.

“12 at Pinecrest,” Dean said.  “You’re talkin’ to me now?”

Cas ignored the rebuke.  “Take hold.”  Dean came forward and put a hand on Cas’s shoulder, and the angel flew them to the room.  Once again, he fell to his knees, this time out of weakness.

Dean came to sit beside him with the first aid kit.  “Okay, give me your arm.”

“Sam…” Cas tried to protest.

“I’m gonna need your help in a bit, but he’s okay for now.  And you need that arm fixed up, but