truck for cover. 

Castiel immediately turned towards the commotion, and Dean silently cursed himself and his wretched heart for, quite literally, pumping against his chest.

In a hurried fashion, he pressed both hands down on his chest. The heart's beating became muffled, and that was enough for Cas to shrug off the disturbance he had heard.

As soon as Cas walked away, Dean's heart wormed it's way through his hands and popped out of his chest! He couldn't believe his eyes! But he had to admit the thing was pretty adorable. Its eyes were wide with joy and its mouth panted excitedly.

Its little hand gripped Dean's finger with a fraction of its strength and tried to pull him out of the tree. Dean resisted, panicking as he realized the heart had just hurtled through the air and right into Castiel's hand, replacing the apple he had been throwing. 

The angel was, of course, oblivious and continued on with throwing Dean's heart and catching it as if nothing had changed. 

Dean rushed out of the tree and pressed a hand through his untamed hair—now covered in leaves—as he ran up to Cas. How was he supposed to get his heart back now?

Castiel was just about to take a bite of what he thought was his apple as the heart was about to give him a big wet smooch on the lips. Dean yelped and slapped his hand onto Castiel's in hopes of catching the heart. 

The angel and him shared a surprised look, and the hunter smiled sheepishly as he took his hand back awkwardly. He wanted to give him a hundred thousand apologies but his mouth clamped shut.

The heart popped out of Cas' novel and Dean grabbed for it, leading to a cat-and-mouse chase where Dean ran around Cas, reaching desperately for his heart back.

When he'd finally caught his stupid heart, he found his arms wrapped around Cas' neck and their noses just barely touching. Dean's foot was popped in the air and he gloomingly thought how much of a chick flick moment this was. 

At first, the two remained like that for what felt like an eternity, but Dean felt people approaching and jumped from Cas' arms, throwing himself into the nearest garbage bin.

Cas collected himself and waved nonchalantly to a classmate walking by. His eyes lingered longingly and curiously on the bin where Dean was. He was just about to help him when the bell rang.

He lingered a second more, thought better of it, and sulked on to the school doors.

Dean's heart pried itself out of the trash can, pulling Dean along with it. Dean was probably going to puke as he saw he was hovering an inch off the ground, but held on to his breathless heart instinctively.

It excitedly flew towards Castiel, but Dean wasn't having any of it. He jerked the heart away from Cas, but the heart sped on, determined to reach the angel.

Dean's feet caught on a rock wedged in the earth, and he and the heart tumbled through the air.

His heart brushed a small hand against Cas' soft and clean hair through the fall and began to fly again. 

Dean groaned softly and picked himself up off the sidewalk and just managed to see the heart slip inside with Cas.

The boy mumbled a string of curses he'd heard his father always grumbling on especially drunken nights and stumbled up the steps towards the door. 

He ran in just to see Cas had fallen on the ground, papers scattered aimlessly around him, and his annoying heart cuddling Castiel. 

Dean grabbed at his heart hurriedly and got a strong hold on half of it. The heart cried out and clung onto Cas, trying to pull them together. Castiel finally stared at the other boy, while Dean avoided eye contact, embarassed and afraid with the whole situation.

That's when both boys could hear the whispers and scoffing of other students around them.

Their noses were high and they wrinkled them in disgust and confusion as they eyed the two boys on the ground. Both boys looked at the stares, scared of the judgement that reeked of their peers.

Dean wanted to cry as his fellow classmates whispered about him. But seeing Cas outright refuse to look at him hurt even more than some stupid judging homophobes. The angel looked ashamed to even be in a situation like this. 

Dean's bottom lip quivered, but instead of letting the tears spill out and let his school have yet another reason to bully him, he jerked harder and harder onto his heart until it tore in half.

He held onto his half and ran out the doors, his vision blurry and slick with tears. 

Castiel gently caught the other half, and carefully cradled it to his chest, ashamed of himself.

Dean brushed his hands over his half of his heart and leaned against the tree. He guessed this was what literal heartbreak felt like.

He let the tears slip down his cheeks considering he couldn't make a fool out of himself if he was alone.

A figure came into view, however, and when Dean's