. Its blanket displayed the magnificent colours of its kingdom; ruby, jade and gold, matching the full amour of its rider.

          “Presenting the reigning champion of the joust a plaisance,” announced a pepper haired, gruff looking man, taking place beside the King. “Knight Grand Master in Greenfalls Commandery of the Royal Eastern Order...” The person introduced drew his sword, presenting its perfect strength and balance. His shield was welded with the golden mark of a lion with an emerald cut between its jaws. “Duke of Greenfalls, heir to the throne and the first of his name...” The horse had reached the court’s centre and the knight removed his helmet, receiving deafening applause. “His majesty, Prince Dean Henry Winchester,” ended the bearded man.

          Cinnamon brown hair, broad shoulders, brilliant green eyes, and a charming smile, was how one would describe him. The Prince waved at his subjects and bowed when he passed his Father, giving his brother a wink. At his end of the field, the servants handed Dean his well-crafted lance and prepared him for the hastilude.

          The bells rang and the horses charged from opposing sides. The combatants lifted their lances to the elevations they thought appropriate; focused only on the win. Just another day and another victory, Dean thought, wondering off to the feast later, when he felt piercing, and then he was falling.

          Dean was stunned. He had never been defeated in battle before. Refusing to surrender, he picked himself up and drew his sword. Seeing this, his challenger followed lead, dismounting his stallion and wielding his own blade. On impulse, Dean struck first and before long, the two were demonstrating their incredible abilities at swordsmanship. The lone sound perceived in the arena was the clashing of metal on metal. A final blow and one went down.  

          Gasps were heard and then there was pin-drop silence. The tip of the newcomer’s blade rested against the Prince’s chest. The surrounding guards were ready to spring into action, when the sword was yielded. The stranger, with his helmet underarm, offered his hand to the man sprawled before him instead.

          The outsider shadowed over him. He had messy dark browns toning his ruffled expression; curious head-tilt and stubble-covered face. He was squinting at Dean, making him uncomfortable, before eventually warming up into a bright smile, showing off his pearly whites and liquid blue eyes. When he realised the whole court was waiting for his reaction, Dean took the other’s hand and stood. They were about the same height and built, and those eyes were so much bluer up close. “Umm...thanks.”

          “My pleasure, Sire,” the dreamy-eyed stranger replied. “And if it’s alright with you, Sire, I’d like my hand back.”

          Dean flinched. “Of course.”

          Whispers could be heard travelling amongst the subjects, along with looks of discomfort and worry. Their unbeatable leader had fallen to a nameless and the next course of action was unknown. With the rising alarm, the King stood from his seat and calmed his people. “You!” he barked, pointing. “What is your name?”

          The man approached the King, receiving warnings from the guards, and kneeled before him. Bowing his head, he answered, “Castiel, Sire. Castiel Jabez Deus. I rode in from the Mountains of Eraden in the North.”

          “Deus? Are you then not the son of the Northern King?”

          “I am indeed the Duke of Eraden, Sire, but here I forfeit my amour and abandon my titles in honour of my one true King.” Castiel stabbed his sword into the ground and threw his shield down too.

          “Rise,” ordered the King and Castiel got to his feet instantly. “You betrayed your own blood, pronounced loyalty to me, and spared my son...” John looked around and began smiling. “We have our new champion!” he declared. “You shall join us for the feast and shall be rewarded handsomely!”

          The crowd went wild once more and the ceremony came to a close. The participants met in the centre of the lists and embraced each other in true championship of chivalry.

          Dean watched wearily from the sidelines, nursing his wounds, as Castiel gained the people’s trust and his Father’s pride. Castiel was trouble, and somehow, he was going to redeem himself from humiliation.





          There were rows of tables laid with the finest array of dishes the kitchens had spent hours preparing. The villagers had their own spread beyond the castle but within, nobles ravelled in the revelry and company of their fellow men.

          Dean stood in the corner, sipping his chalice of wine while scenes from the joust replayed in his mind. He couldn’t understand how he had lost. His behaviour in the field was unheard of; a disgrace. Father’s definitely going to have a row later. 

          “Not enjoying your party?” Came a voice from behind, startling him.

          “Geez! Do you make a habit of sneaking up on people?”

          “I try not to,” he smirked. “We haven