become so good at judging Lisa and Ben's schedules that he almost always finished the eggs and toast at the exact moment they came into the kitchen. Today was no exception, and Lisa smiled at him, kissing his cheek as she went to get a cup of coffee and Ben hungrily scooped Dean's cooking onto his plate.

"Fanksh, Dnn," he said around a mouthful of food when the man handed him some butter and jam for his toast.

"No problem," Dean answered with a grin, snatching a piece of toast off of Ben's plate and taking an oversized bite. He was actually hungry this morning, which was a nice change. "You need energy for school, y'know. And why is that?"

"So I can kick ass – butt," Ben hurriedly corrected himself when he saw his mother's glare from the other side of the kitchen.

Dean froze, the piece of toast hovering halfway to his mouth.

"Hey, ass-butt!"

It had been a while since he'd thought about Castiel, and right now he really wished he hadn't, because with that memory came a string of images he'd tried so hard to forget – Stull Cemetery; Castiel exploding in a shower of flesh and gore; Bobby's neck snapping with a flick of his brother's wrist; Lucifer in Sam's body, slamming him against the Impala, beating him senseless.

"Sam, it's okay. It's okay. I'm here. I'm here. I'm not gonna leave you. I'm not gonna leave you."

"It's okay, Dean. It's gonna be okay. I've got him…"

"Dean? Dean!"

Dean snapped out of the painful flashback, surprised to see that Lisa had his arm over her shoulders and was slowly guiding him down into one of the chairs at the table. Why hadn't he noticed how weak his legs suddenly felt?

"Okay, easy," Lisa said almost to herself, making sure Dean was seated before she let go of him. "Ben, honey, why don't you go ahead and ride to school on the bus this morning? I think Dean's a little too tired to drive right now."

"Sure," Ben said, casting a worried glance at his pseudo-father as he picked up his backpack and headed for the front door. "See you later, Dean."

"Yeah, see ya…" Dean answered weakly. The moment the front door was closed, he laid his head in his hands, breathing through the head rush that still hadn't completely gone away.

"What happened just now, Dean?" Lisa asked softly, pulling a chair up next to his and putting a hand on his knee. "You just went white all of a sudden. I was afraid you were going to faint or something."

"Who knows? Maybe I was," Dean thought with a sad smile. "At least then I might get some sleep." Instead, he said, "I'm not really sure. Maybe I'm coming down with a bug."

Lisa raised her eyebrow, and then she sighed, patted his knee and stood to pick up the cordless phone from the kitchen counter.

"Who are you calling?" Dean asked, worried she might be trying to take him to the doctor. After the numerous injuries he'd suffered through in his life, the hunter and hospitals didn't mix very well.

"Your boss. You're not going in to work today, Dean."

"No, Lis, I'm fine. I just need some coffee and –"

"You're not fine. We both know you're completely exhausted, and you're going to stay home today and let me help you sleep before you end up hurting yourself or someone else on the job."

Dean knew her argument was valid, and his ears burned with embarrassment as she made up some lie to his boss about a stomach bug he and Ben had both apparently contracted. She thanked the man for his well-wishes and hung up, turning her full attention to Dean once the phone had been replaced in its cradle.

"Okay, come on."

"Where?" he asked, seriously doubting that anywhere they went would help him sleep any better. He'd tried every room in the house already; all of them gave him the same nightmares.

"You'll see. Just trust me, okay?" Her smile was so warm, so genuinely caring and concerned, that he had almost no choice but to follow her. He stood and, after making sure he wasn't going to tumble face-first onto the floor, he strode along after her, tilting his head in puzzlement when she led him to her home office and sat him down in front of the computer. He didn't say anything for a while, just watching while she pulled up YouTube and typed the letters "A-S-M-R" into the search bar. Once