boy on the back of the head.

“Start piling stuff up to burn stop looking around.” The blond man ordered with a southern accent. 

“Did you drop that book?” The blond said suddenly looking at the book that was face down close to the table you were under. 

‘FUCK!’ You think gulping as the blond walks closer to the table. He squatted down looking at its awkward laying position before his blue eyes darted to you under the table. He smirked quickly standing up and pushing the chairs out of the way. You try to crawl away, but he flipped the table throwing it across the room. You lay on the ground in a t-shirt and athletic shorts looking up at the well-dressed man glaring down at you. 

“Oh, I have been eager to meet you. Cy, do you know who this is?” The blond man asked taking slow steps towards you. 

“No, should I Eldon?” The nerd asked looking at you confused. 

“This is _____ Winchester Sam and Dean’s little sister.” Eldon said coming closer to you. You scramble to your feet as he advanced turning your back on him. He chuckled grabbing your foot to drag you back toward the guy he called Cy

“Cy go find another room this one is occupied.” Eldon said with a sick smile kneeling down to wrestle with your frantically waving limbs. The nerd looked at you concern on his face.

“Get off me!” You scream as Eldon grabbed your shorts easily pulling them down your legs. 

“Eldon, she said stop.” Cy said nervously take a step forward. Eldon grabbed your hands pinning them above your head. He pulled the shorts completely off leaving your lower half exposed to him. You tried to kick and fight him again with no luck he was just too close to your body. 

“Cy I said get the hell out of here!” Eldon yelled turning around to look at the nerd teenager. The teen made an upset face before leaving glancing back at you in concern. 

“Now that we are alone let’s get a little more acquainted.” Eldon moaned the sound of his southern accent making you sick.

“Get the hell off me you freak!” You scream again until Eldon starts to undo his pants. You gulped again in trying desperately to get away your bare bottom making squeaking sounds on the floor. 

“Your brothers hurt my family and now this is payback.” Eldon sneered pulling his pants down and his penis out.

“Wait slow down. You don’t have to do this. There are plenty of other ways to get revenge.” You say as he parted your legs again with his knees pumping his shaft a few times. You managed to get one knee high enough to hit him in the hip pushing him away from you. You turn over trying to crawl away in fear because you were still hadn’t taken a man that intimately yet. 

“You’re just digging your own grave.” Eldon angrily said grabbing your hips to pin them to the floor. He spits on his fingers working the saliva on and around his shaft and head. 

“Please don’t do this!” You sob just as he enters you from behind tearing through your hymen to hit your cervix. You scream loudly making Eldon just chuckled behind you pushing slightly deeper.

“Stop!” You scream feeling him put his knees on either side of your hips. Your hands clawed at the floor trying to escape just letting Eldon grab them pinning them next to your head.

“But you are so tight.” Eldon moaned pulling out to thrust back in bottoming out against your cervix. 

“AHHH!” You scream out making Eldon start laughing going faster inside of you. You try to kick to get away, but he seemed to just go deeper with each of your movements.  

“Oh yes scream for me _____.” Elson chuckled digging his nails into your wrists. He started to pound you relentlessly making your face slid aginst the floor burning your cheek against the floor. 

“Please stop! Get out of me!!” You scream at the top of your lungs trying to push him off of you with your hips. 

“She said get off.” Dean roared behind you as Eldon was thrown from your body. You whimper from the remaining pain of his roughness. You turn to see Dean beating the hell out of Eldon’s face just as another man was walking into the library. Dean pulled a gun from the back of his pant shooting the large looking man. His body falling to the ground making a pool of blood spreading on the floor. 

“You bastard.” Eldon coughed spitting blood at Dean. Dean put the gun to Eldon’s head with a hateful glare.

“You are one dumb piece of shit.” Dean said before pulling the trigger blowing brains and blood all over the library and you. You whimper turning away from the gory scenes.

“Eldon?” Cy called walking into see his friends bleeding on the ground. Dean pointed the gun at him ready to kill the young nerd.

“Wait he tried to help me.” You say looking at the scared boy. Dean pulled the trigger standing up with