or Dean.”

“If you’re restrained, why shouldn’t I be able to be in here?” Castiel asked.  “It’s extremely unlikely that you could injure me.”

“Dean needs you more than I do, especially when I’m in one of those screaming or pleading fits,” Sam said, as Cas should have expected he would.  Frustrating human.  “But if he’s off taking a break… if it will make you feel better, you’re right, you’re pretty difficult to hurt.”  He drained the thermos and handed it to Cas.  “Thank you, by the way.  You heard what Mom said, about telling us that angels were watching over us?  It’s kinda nice knowing that it’s at least sort of true.”  He laid back down, laying his wrists in the restraints as he closed his eyes.  Reluctantly, Castiel secured the straps, letting his hands linger on Sam’s wrist.  He didn’t know of many people to whom it would occur to thank their guardian angel for watching over them in time of need.  He’d always known that Sam was special.  He momentarily wished he could travel back in time and tell himself how terribly wrong he had been about how and why Sam was special.

Whatever *did* happen to Mary and John?

“Your father was a stubborn son of a bitch who killed my husband,” Ellen said.  “Shame he didn’t kill you like he planned when he found out what that demon did to you.  Jim Murphy should be ashamed of himself for talkin’ him down.”

When Dean came back a couple hours later, Sam was still sleeping with Castiel sitting beside him, fingers still resting on the sleeping man’s wrist.  When he saw Dean, he stood up and walked out to him.  “I gave him the broth, and he’s been asleep since then.”

Dean nodded.  “What were you doing still in there with him?”

“Being there.”  Dean rolled his eyes, so Castiel elaborated.  “He explained the need for the restraints, but even at his strongest, when he was on the way to Ilchester, he couldn’t have actually hurt me.  I see no reason I shouldn’t be in there.”

Dean sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face.  “You’re good for him.  Glad to know you give a damn.”

“Dean, he still looks to you first,” Castiel said, worried about Dean’s attitude.  “I can help him better in this case, but more often, you are by far the better choice.”

“Yeah, yeah,” Dean said, waving a dismissive arm.  “I’m his brother, he’ll always look to me first, you’re not trying to take him away from me, why is this starting to feel like you’re asking me for his hand in marriage?”

Castiel had an angel’s impassiveness, but that was enough to rattle him.  “I am not… why would I ask you instead of him?  Not that I plan to, I cannot imagine Sam would… and it would make things very awkward.”

Dean’s mouth was hanging open a little.  “Cas, are you babbling?  I’m just sayin’, you were kind of sounding like a guy reassuring his girl’s dad that he’s not taking her away.  Didn’t mean to spook you.”  Dean gave a grunt of amusement.  “’Course, the way you been talking here lately…”

He felt incredibly guilty about it, but Castiel was relieved when Sam’s screams cut Dean off.  “Nightmare,” he said.  “I’m not sure…”  But then Sam woke up, not to temporary peace, but to a hallucination.  Cas went in.

 

“Sam!  Good to see you, kid.  It’s been, what, a few months?  Since we died to give you and your brother a chance at the devil.  Didn’t work and now you’re back to old tricks?”

Castiel felt a little choked up as he stared at the two women before him.  He took Sam’s hand when Sam finally managed to force out the words.  “Ellen.  Jo.  I am so, so sorry about what happened to you, but we haven’t given up.  We’re still fighting.  This was…”

“Save the excuses,” Jo said.  “After what you did to me when you found me after I left the Roadhouse, I’m not even a little surprised about the blood.”

“Your father was a stubborn son of a bitch who killed my husband,” Ellen said.  “Shame he didn’t kill you like he planned when he found out what that demon did to you.  Jim Murphy should be ashamed of himself for talkin’ him down.”

“Sam, it’s not them,” Castiel said.  “That’s the blood and your own guilt complex talking, not Ellen and Jo.  They loved you.”

“Castiel!  Sam, if you’re going to