Dean wasn’t watching the shows, but he hoped that Dean was listening to them and enjoying them.

Today Sam had a collection of novellas that he had taken from The Bunker, the bookstore that he had bought when he quit the college thing and decided to stay near Dean.

“So, we have Of Mice and Men, Animal Farm, To Kill a Mockingbird, Steppenwolf, A Brave New World, 1984 and Catcher in the Rye. What’s your poison?”

Sam watched as Dean didn’t react.

“Tough choice, I know. I didn’t like Animal Farm so let’s keep that for a rainy day when every other book I have has been destroyed okay? You wanna try Of Mice and Men?”

Dean breathed in response.

“Understandable, I still get sudden fits of rage over Steinbeck ever since we had to study it.”

Sam kept talking to fill the silence, “To Kill a Mockingbird is quite good but I don’t think you’re in the mood for it today.”

“How about Catcher in the Rye?” A soft voice suggested behind him. It was Castiel, Dean’s night-time nurse.

Sam smiled up at her, “That sounds good.” He set that book aside and carefully packed the rest of the books into his backpack. He cleared his throat and opened the book, thanking Castiel when she placed a glass of water on the bedside table next to him and a couple of throat soothers.

She gave him a kind smile and went about her checks as Sam started reading to Dean.

“If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you’ll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like-“

 

+++

 

When he woke up it was dark and there was a puddle of drool on the pillow beneath him and a bad cramp in his arm. Sam blinked blearily around him and recognised that he was in Dean’s room and Castiel had put a pillow under his head and a blanket over his shoulders. She had also removed the book from his grasp and bookmarked it neatly. He stared at it on the bedside table for a few moments before he stood up and stretched, wincing when his back creaked alarmingly.

“Looks like it’s time for me to go home De.” He yawned, “What’s the time?” 

He checked his watch. 2:53AM.

He yawned absently, “Amelia’s gonna be pissed.” He told Dean.

Sam leant forward and kissed Dean’s forehead lightly and left the book. Castiel’s shift ended at 5AM, maybe she would read to Dean later on.

“Goodnight De.” He whispered before scooping up his backpack and leaving quietly.

 

+++

 

The next day Sam arrived at noon with a sandwich and a speaker.

“Yeah, yeah, judge all you want man.” Sam said to Dean’s expressionless face, “I’ll be back later to read to you, I’m on my lunch break right now and I probably have twenty minutes tops. I cant leave Jody alone forever you know?”

He hooked his iPod up to the speaker and set the volume down low. He opened the Spotify playlist he had made based on Dean’s old music tastes.

Sam pressed play and smiled slightly when Nothing Else Matters by Metallica started up.

“Don’t give me that look. I’m only here to eat and you know it. I’ll be back in three hours y’know.” 

Dean didn’t even twitch.

Sam sighed and tucked into his sandwich as the afternoon nurse, Meg, came in to do her checks and she gave Sam a small smile before leaving them in peace. She was the second nurse Dean had had named Meg, but she was by far nicer than the last one. 

Sam chewed thoughtfully and nodded his head slightly to the music.

 

+++

 

“I have had it up to here with your crap Sam!” Amelia yelled and Sam cowered slightly.

“I don’t-“ He started, confused, yet this seemed to make her even more angry.

“All you ever do is spend time with Dean. It’s Dean this and Dean that. I’m your girlfriend Sam, maybe you should actually spend time with me instead of sleeping most nights at the hospital and staying there all weekend?  I’ve visited with you Sam, and I’ve seen all you do for him but you gotta face it sometime. Dean’s pretty much gone and no amount of reading is gonna bring him back.”

Sam straightened up to his full height and stared her in the eye.
“I told you when you first started to want to date me that I have an older brother that is in a coma. I told you that I spend as much time as possibly with him because I’m scared that he’s trapped in his head with no one to talk to and that he’s lonely. You said that was fine. I gather that it isn’t anymore and if you can’t deal with that then I’d