the boys and finding ways to keep them well-supplied with building materials, Bobby and John finish up the job they've been working on. The demon they've been after leaves them both bloody and exhausted before they manage to send it back to hell, but even so, it's only a couple of days before John's edgy and restless, hunting through newspapers and clipping out obituaries and disappearances.

When he starts hunting through the maps, looking for one of Ohio, Bobby observes mildly, "They've only just finished that treehouse."

"I know," John says regretfully, but he doesn't stop comparing the scribbled notes he's made against the unfolded map.

Bobby watches him thoughtfully, thinking about the pleased-proud look on Dean's face when they pronounced the treehouse safe. "You can pick them up after the job's done."

John does pause then, looks up slowly, like if he moves too quick Bobby'll take it back. "You're a good man, Bobby."

"Not particularly." Bobby fishes in his pocket for his pack of cigarettes, a habit he still hasn't gotten around to quitting. "Just mind you pick them up before the school year starts."

John leaves the boys at the yard the next summer, too, but the one after that he calls and says he's keeping them with him, holing up in a cabin in the woods somewhere while he hunts down a possible Raksha. "The boys are old enough now," he says. "Dean can handle a gun like you wouldn't believe."

Bobby says nothing, letting the silence stretch out across the line.

"Well, I guess we'll see you soon enough," John says finally.

They don't come by that summer, though, and by the next they're on the other side of the country and Bobby's busy with his own affairs. He sees them off and on over the next few years, but always for one-off jobs, and they don't make it back to his place. Figures that John's heard the message in Bobby's silences and chosen to deal with it his own way.

He's less surprised than he should be when the letters start to arrive. The first two he just stashes in the bookcase and forgets about. When the third one arrives, though - thick and heavy with promises - he picks up the phone. He doesn't need the return address on that thick envelope -  Stanford University - to tell him that John doesn't need to know about the letters. Instead he says, "Got a job I could use your help with," brushing aside John's surprise at the call.

It's a shock when Bobby makes the rendezvous to find John standing there with two young men. Not like he didn't know the boys were growing up, but there's knowing and then there's seeing Dean standing shoulder-to-shoulder with John, plotting out hunt strategies, while Sammy towers over them both. They're still the same two kids, though, bursting out into the yard full of excitement and adrenaline before they've been back at Bobby's more than a minute. They spend the night in the treehouse, sneaking back indoors in the middle of the night to raid the cupboards, and it's just like old times.

He corners Sam the next morning, waiting till he's holed up alone in the study, absorbed in a pile of books. Sam goes white, then red, when Bobby hands him the letters, looking every bit as young as he actually is.

"Have you told Dean?" Bobby asks. He doesn't have to ask whether Sam's said anything to John: the fact that the letters came to him has already told him that much.

Sam flushes more and shakes his head, quick and unhappy. "Dean wouldn't - " He breaks off, turning that one big envelope over in his hands. Bobby sees the moment he takes it in, the unhappy tension of his shoulders shifting to excitement. "I just wanted to know if I had a chance."

Bobby nods. "You're a smart boy, Sam."

Sam flushes in pleasure, his smile growing as he opens the envelope and reads the letter through twice.

"Guess you better tell Dean," Bobby says finally, and regrets it when Sam's smile snaps off like a light. Bobby claps him reassuringly on the shoulder. "He'll be real proud of you, Sam."

Dean  is proud, and John is too, even if the man's too much of a damn fool to show it. But Bobby doesn't miss the hurt expression on Dean's face in the split-second before he grins and high-fives Sam, nor the way he stands shocked and silent when Sammy and John start to scream and rage at one another. And later, when it's all over and the boys have retreated to the treehouse, Sam comes