, I chose being true to myself and my God over Confirmation.  I can do it later, and I will if I find a church that will let me.”

“But I’m the reason people around here found out.  You were… no one knew,” Sam said.

Cas held Sam a little tighter.  “Because there was no reason for them to.  Nobody ever asked.  If they had, I wouldn’t have lied.  I would have lied if you weren’t comfortable being together openly, and I still will, but not on my own behalf.”

Much to his relief, Cas felt Sam’s arms come up around him.  “Cas, I’m not hiding from Dad because I’m ashamed or anything.  You get that, right?  He’s just… he was already one wrong word from kicking you out, and I haven’t said anything to him about…”

“Your dad, your call,” Cas said.  “If you were ashamed, you wouldn’t be going out of your way to not lie.  ‘Don’t think of him as a brother’ indeed.  Until Dean shot off his mouth, I was literally biting my tongue so I wouldn’t laugh.”

Sam chuckled.  “You know, for once I’m kind of grateful he did?  It gave us a chance to talk and gave him a chance to show Dad just how strongly we feel that you’re a part of this family.”

“Your brother’s diabolical sometimes,” Cas said.  “Did he ever tell you that it wasn’t Bela that kept him so late, the first time I came over?  Well, not just her.  He thought I’d be good for you – although he didn’t know exactly what he was setting in motion, he just thought you could use a friend and that you and I would get along.”

“Sounds like Dean.  Were you in on it?” Sam asked.

“No, he only told me a few days ago,” Cas said.  “Love me anyway?”

“You know I do,” Sam said as he pulled back just far enough to kiss Cas.  “Come on, I have something I need to tell Dad.”

 

“See?  Cas had it,” Dean said, and John turned to look.  Sure enough, Cas had his arm around Sam, and Sam looked happy.  Very happy.

“Dad?  I need to finish what I was saying earlier before Dean had his temporary fit of insanity.  I can’t think of Cas as my brother, because Cas is my boyfriend,” Sam said.

Once again, John set his coffee down very carefully.  Not that he gave a crap, but since when was Sam gay?  Isn’t that the sort of thing he should’ve been told?  Dean didn’t look surprised, though; just relieved.  “Run that by me again.”

“Cas and I have been dating for about a month and a half,” Sam said, leaning just a little bit more into Cas.

John tried to steady himself before he started shouting.  “Dean?  Mind explaining a few things here?”

“What’s to explain?” Dean asked, and John shot him an incredulous glare.  “I don’t think I can say it any clearer than Sam just did.”

“I saw whose room Cas slept in last night,” John said.

“Easy enough, that’s the room with the second bed,” Dean said, still not getting why this was a problem for John.  “The first time Cas slept over, he and Sam weren’t dating yet, hell I didn’t even know for sure that was something that was on the table.  So no one thought anything of Cas taking the bed that would’ve been empty if he weren’t here.”

John was trying, he was.  But this was his youngest son, the one he’d been able to shield from the worst of the corruptive influences of their lifestyle, and Dean was just letting this happen.  “How do you know there’s nothing…”

“Oh, come on, Dad.  Did you miss the part where it’s Sam?  And Cas is pretty much the same way.  They’re taking things at their own pace,” Dean said.  It wasn’t exactly reassuring.  “Couple weeks ago, I don’t remember exactly what Cas did, but it made Sam uncomfortable.  Sam let Cas know that and Cas backed right off, no arguments or excuses, just an apology and a promise not to do it again until Sam said he could.  So, yeah, I don’t know what they’re doing when they go to bed.  But I do know that they’re both on board with it, and I stay out of that part of their relationship as much as I can.”

“He’s fourteen,” John spat.

“And Cas is sixteen.  The way birthdays fall it’s not even a full two years.  Whatever magical benefit those extra twenty months have given Cas, Sam