stacks, causing the librarian to cast another frown at Dean before staring accusingly at the other patrons, as if they were responsible for the ruckus in her library today.

“Sorry, ma’am. I lost my brother, but I think I have a lead.”

Where have you been hiding, Sam? I’ve been all over this place!

You damn well know I’m not going to be in the romance section where all the single women happen to hang out, asshole.Dean’s inner voice brightened considerably as he got closer, already crowding its way further into Sam’s head and making itself comfortable, writhing wantonly like a cat against the ridges and folds of Sam’s cranium.

It made Sam feel like sneezing.

What are you doing here, Dean?

Lookin’ for you, genius.

Dean’s voice gentled and drew back reluctantly, trying to restrict itself to a small corner in Sam’s head to give his brother some privacy. He attempted to stick to vocalizing his thoughts, but they soon found that didn’t work as well as they imagined.

“I called Bobby. I called Bobby. He didn’t have anything on hand he didn’t have anything on hand, but he said he’d look things over for us but he said he’d look things over for us.”

A smaller voice began to trickle through in a vague undertone, so difficult to decipher with the outer and inner layers of words that Sam thought maybe he was imagining it.

“Bobby Bobby I hope said to call said to call it takes him back him back awhile.”

Sam blinked a few times, trying to get the echo out of his head.

“Something something why does wrong wrong he hate it Sammy Sammy so much?”

Sam really wasn’t prepared to hear this, that almost painful thread of sincerity that wove through even the most basic of Dean’s comments. It made Sam’s stomach lurch disconcertingly since he knew Dean would never openly admit to what truths lay exposed in his thoughts.

Sam stopped listening so closely, letting the faint echo of emotion fade into the background noise of Dean’s brain.

Might as well stay in our heads since we’re in the library, Dean. Less confusion that way.

It’s not meant to harm us directly, Bobby said, more like annoy the crap out of us. He said to be careful though, ‘cause some people who have been afflicted have snapped and killed their…receptors. Caused brain damage or death in the remaining person.

Oh, joyous news.

Wanna go get some lunch? There’s this Mexican place a block over.

Might as well. Never got any breakfast this morning, after all.

Not my fault, Sam! I was ready to take you out in public and everything. 

                                            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After spending all day trying to protect his brain from Dean - and to protect his brother from unknowingly revealing his innermost feelings because Dean would never forgive him if Sam took advantage of the situation - Sam came to the conclusion that Dean had almost no personal boundaries. Sure, they saw each other naked more than most brothers probably did, but what could anyone expect when they shared the same room for twenty-some years of their lives - and that so wasn’t the point - but this much closeness made beer an absolute necessity. Maybe even more than one.

Livin’ la vida loca….sha-la-la-lala!No, definitely more than one. Had he realized that Dean’s brain was never silent, humming various bits of crap or singing odd words and phrases from whatever flitted through his head - be it commercial jingles or snatches of the Top-40 - Sam just might have hooked an IV of whiskey right up to his arm to forestall the pain.

An entire case of beer was looking more and more likely now that Dean had moved on to the greatest hits of Ricky Martin. That was almost as disturbing as the Ethel Merman riff earlier. Dean didn’t even seem to know he was doing it because when Sam had asked him to shut it the fuck up, Dean’s reply had been, “Ethel who?” before his brain stumbled into a rendition of something Sam swore Charo sang on a Love Boat episode.

They managed to make their way to the nearest bar, Sam trying to adjust to the constant company that weighed down his brain in an oddly uneven manner. It felt like having a head cold, when his balance was off and his head seemed far too full to carry around. Dean, however, adapted to the freakishness of their situation like he woke up every day with his consciousness curled up next to his brother’s.

Sam found it more and more obvious that Dean had difficulty with the concept of being alone since he’d been stuck to Sam’s brain like gum to a shoe from the moment this started.

It was annoying the hell out of him.

Sam was beginning to feel disconcertingly like a conjoined twin, minus the need for tailoring and appearances on Maury. He just hoped to God that Dean had some limitations to