down on Sam's left so he can talk to her face to face. 

"No, sweetheart, I'm sorry. We didn't find him yet, but we thought you could help us. Can we talk to you for a little while?" 

She glances off to the left, and Sam thinks she’s looking in the direction of the farmhouse, but he keeps quiet. She looks back at Dean and nods. 

"Do you remember where you saw your Daddy last?" 

"We were in his room. I was always in his room with him, but ever since I woke up here I can't find him."

"Do you remember where that was? Was it in your house?" 

She’s vehemently shaking her head before he even finishes his question. "No. We left our house. I don't know when that was. He said he couldn't be there alone anymore, and we went to a new place where there were other people. It wasn't as quiet as home. Sometimes I had to hide." Dean nods, processing this. They'd be able to research her father when they got back to the motel, get his records, figure out how this poor girl is still tied to this plane. For now he has some other questions to ask.

"Grace...when we saw you last time, you got scared, didn't you?" he asks gently. She looks down at her feet and hugs herself before nodding. "Can you tell us why? We want to help."

She looks in the direction of the farmhouse again, but doesn’t look back at him this time before she answers.

"It's out there, in the darkness. He is, I mean. The sad man. I never saw him before I found myself in this place. He scares me."

"Has he hurt you, Grace?" 

"No, no, it's just...he just feels so much. He feels so much and it hurts and I try to stay away. I don't like that it hurts." Her form starts to flicker a bit, as though she’s overwhelmed, and Dean knows she’s going to take a ghost nap really soon. 

"We're going to help you, okay, Grace? Try not to be scared."

She nods, her slightly glowing form fading in and out. 

"Grace. Do you often try to talk to people you see here?"

She looks off to the side, guilty, before looking at her feet again and nodding. "It's night a lot of the time when I'm awake, and there aren't a lot of people then, but when someone is around I try to see if I recognize them, see if there's someone that might know my daddy. Someone who can help me find him. But whenever I try to talk to people they run away from me." She shrugs a little, as though this hurts her feelings but she’s trying to pretend otherwise. "You're the only ones who stay to talk to me."

Sam looks at Dean and knows they are thinking the same thing: she'd been trying to reach out and ask for help, and it startled one poor man so much he had a heart attack. This time he’s the one who speaks. 

"We won't run away from you Grace, we promise."

The look she gives him is both tearful and hopeful before she finally disappears entirely. Dean stands back up, feeling his knees scream at him, and turns to Sam.

"We have to find out more about that farmhouse."


∞


The next morning they’re back on the cemetery grounds, looking far less suspicious than they had the night before. They're doing what Dean likes to call the Bert and Ernie pretext, khakis and a button down shirt and tie with a sweater layered over it. It works for a bunch of different personas, and today they're historians. Dean looks down at himself as he gets out of the Impala and sighs. At least in his suit he feels somewhat imposing, full of authority. In this he just feels...quaint. He checks his phone as they get out of the car, before Sam can catch him at it. Again. Still no reply. He shuts it off and puts it in his pocket.

They make their way up the steps to the largest building on the grounds, which is more than a mausoleum like its counterpart, since it also houses an on-site funeral home and the cemetery offices. Just inside the door they see a man in a suit who looks like a funeral director personified, somber and serious and paler than is probably healthy, but he's pleasant enough as they make their introductions and Sam starts asking him questions.

"We're looking specifically for the history of the land that you're on here. We understand that it used to be a family farm that was gifted to the city almost a century ago, but we'