Tell me Cas does that for someone he hates.”

“You know, he’s got a point.  And what about Anna?  He was so emphatic about ‘Sam Winchester is my friend.’  And then he nearly kills himself trying to save them when Anna goes to 1978.”

“Because he knows Dean can’t live without his darling Sammy,” Tina said with a drawn-out sigh.

“Oh, what about when he’s in that ring of holy oil with Lucifer staring him down, trying to recruit him?  ‘You are not taking Sam Winchester.  I won’t let you.’  I got chills, reading that part.”

“Yeah, and then a few weeks later it’s all ‘Sam of course is an abomination,’” Sam muttered just loud enough for Dean to hear.  “Dude hates Sam.”

“You’d be amazed how oblivious a guy can be,” the male voice continued.  “I mean, yeah, sure, Cas is awkward and really bad at expressing himself, but you’d think that practically begging for the last touch he’ll ever have before he fully expects to kill himself to be Sam’s hand on his chest would clue the guy in.”

Sam whipped his head around at that.  “I thought you said the most recent book was the thing with Famine!”

“It is,” the guy said with a big smile and a wink.  “Why do you ask?”

“I, uh…”  Sam shot Dean a guilty glance.  “I’m a big follower of Sam and Dean’s adventures, and I don’t remember that part.  You must’ve read it in some fanfic.”

“S… dude.  Lollipop,” Dean said suddenly, urgently.  “Look at all those candy wrappers.”

The guy looked down and sighed.  “And here I was hoping I could keep you from noticing long enough for…”  The door opened.  “That to happen.”

“What to… happen…” Sam trailed off as he turned back around and caught sight of a very familiar pair of blue eyes and a trench coat.  “Cas?”

Dean looked over his shoulder then.  “Cas, you son of a bitch!  Could’ve sworn you were dead this time.”

“I was,” Castiel said.  He peered at the table of squealing girls, looking utterly confused before focusing his attention on the man.  “I assume I have you to thank for being here, Gabriel?”

“Course, bro,” Gabriel said, raising his lollipop in a salute.  “Didn’t mean for you to find out, but then I heard the discussion these ladies were having and, well, I am a Trickster.  Couldn’t resist the chance to set the record straight… or not, as the case may be.  Toodles!”  Gabriel shot Sam one last wink before vanishing.

“Set the record straight about what?” Castiel asked, turning to Dean and Sam for answers.  They just shook their heads.

“About your heart,” one of the girls sighed.  “Such a surprise.”

Sam growled.  “Did you miss the part where he’s a Trickster?  You can’t believe a word he says!”

“But… four days… and Anna… and Lucifer… he did have a pretty good point, especially if that last touch thing is true,” one of the other girls said, looking between Cas and Sam speculatively.  “Maybe he wanted to help his brother out?  I mean, he brought him back from the dead…”

Castiel looked over to Dean.  “Will you please tell me what on earth is going on?”

Dean shrugged.  “The girls are fans of Chuck’s Supernatural books and were talking about which of you two I’m sleeping with.  Then Gabe shows up and starts talking about how you’re obviously in love with Sam.  The girls are ridiculous and Gabe’s a Trickster, so…”  Dean cut off when he noticed how pale Cas had gone.  “Cas, dude.  Come on.  Let’s get out of here.  Coming, Sammy?”

Sam glared at the girls.  “That oh-so-romantic ‘last touch’ Gabriel was going on about – I carved an Enochian sigil into his chest with a box cutter.  He was so pissed at Dean I don’t think he even remembered who I am.  Or maybe the fact that he still thinks of me as an abomination made it easier to ask, I mean who cares what an abomination does to people he loves?  And of course he’s not letting Lucifer or Anna have me, my brother and I are not sleeping together but we are really close, and Cas had to stay outside the panic room because the last time I was in there, I somehow escaped and we still have no idea how.  He’s an angel, you morons, he’s not going to slum it with the boy with the demon… oof!”  Sam turned to glare at Dean.  “What was that for?”

“Maybe you didn’t notice, but Cas just took off.  Come on, Sasquatch, let’