was happy with Don, but she missed Sam, and if Sam could promise to stay with her, she…  A small, selfish part of Sam wanted to take her up on that.  It was overwhelmed by the part of him that knew better.  Staying with Amelia would just put her in danger, and he couldn’t even give her the love she deserved.  Don could.

Awkward Conversation 5: “Where’d you go?  We’ve been looking everywhere!”  Even Benny had been scouring the country for any sign of the wayward brother.  Sam blew them off, made up a story of a spirit that had lured him off and drugged him, which of course he’d fought his way free of.  Spirit dead, Dean, there’s nothing to take revenge on, let’s just find the next case, okay?  That particular fight had been interrupted by the arrival of one Henry Winchester, and the hunt for Abbadon, and by the time it was over Dean and Benny seemed willing to let everything drop.  Then they found the Batcave, and even Sam forgot that they hadn’t really resolved anything.

Awkward Conversation 6: “I could feel you calling out, Sam.  I couldn’t find you, but I could feel you.  Why did you run from us?”  Cas didn’t forget.  Cas wasn’t willing to let things drop.  Cas insisted on talking to Sam, asking for the truth.  Sam stalled, he stonewalled, he did everything he could think of, but one night he just broke down and told Cas everything.  How all his life, he’d been fighting against his unnatural love for his brother.  How he’d been fighting the same battle against his feelings for Cas since he’d gotten clean of the demon blood, and how grateful he’d been when Cas and Dean got together during the Apocalypse, and back together when Cas saved Sam from the Hell memories.  How much it hurt that Benny had gotten what Sam had never even been able to admit to himself he’d wanted, and it hurt even more because he wanted to hate Benny but couldn’t.  He wanted to make sure Cas knew that he didn’t begrudge any of them their happiness, but he told Cas about Amelia.  About Jess.  About how every time he thought he’d found happiness, moved past his hopelessness, he lost everything and was reminded just how little he deserved anything.  By the end of Sam’s speech, Castiel was obviously shocked and upset.  Sam braced himself for Cas to never speak to him again.  Cas disappeared without a word, and Sam curled up in a blanket beside his bed, trying not to cry.

He failed.  Badly.

Awkward Conversation 7: Cas came back the next morning, Dean and Benny in tow.  Sam hadn’t moved from his spot on the floor, even to get into the bed instead of leaning against it.

“I told them everything,” Castiel announced.  “I hope you’ll forgive me.  They deserve to know.”

Dean plonked down on the floor right beside Sam.  “I get why you didn’t, but I wish you’d said something to me years ago.  I thought I was the only one.”

“…The only one?” Sam repeated.  “That doesn’t make any sense, Dean.”

Dean reached out and pulled Sam into a hug.  “The only one in love with my pain-in-the-ass brother.  Since you were sixteen.  Ish.  Somewhere in there.  Couldn’t say anything.  Even thought there were times you might felt the same, but I always managed to convince myself that I was wrong, or you’d have the balls to do something about it.  It wasn’t predatory, not coming from you.  Never could quite convince myself that if I spoke up, I wasn’t preying on you.”

Castiel moved to kneel in front of Sam, catching his eyes.  “Sam, I’ve loved you since you saved me from Famine.  I wanted to ask you to join us, but Dean wouldn’t agree.  Not because he had a problem sharing me, but because of his own fears regarding himself in a relationship with you.  After what I did to you, breaking your wall, I didn’t push the issue when I was given a second chance with Dean.  I thought there was little point, that even if you might have once felt the same, you wouldn’t by then.”

Benny didn’t move any closer, but Sam could tell it wasn’t because he didn’t want to.  “I thought you did hate me, darlin’.  In Purgatory, I heard so much about you bein’ the most forgiving person to have ever lived, willing to work with anyone and anything if it would help you, or especially if it’d help Dean.  Thought you were toleratin’ me for Dean and Cas’s sakes.  Didn’t stop me from realizin’ you were everything these two said you were, and I don’t