's right thigh.  So lightly that Sam barely felt the touch, through the stockings.

Castiel's voice was choked, when he finally managed to get the words out.  “Jesus Christ, Sam...”  Castiel pushed himself up to sitting, legs off the edge of the bed and Sam between them.

Sam was trembling, watching Castiel with wide eyes as Castiel finally plucked the candy cane from Sam's fingers, setting it safely on the nightstand.  Castiel turned back, and his hands returned, the touches firmer, warmer, smoothing up Sam's thighs.

Castiel was very definitely not laughing.  

“This... these...”  Castiel gripped Sam's thighs, running his thumbs over the satin bows.  His mouth opened, as though he was going to speak, but nothing came out.

Sam felt absurdly proud, somehow, that he'd quite literally rendered Castiel speechless.

Castiel's hands slid up a little higher, up to Sam's hips, gripping them and pulling him closer, snugging Sam between his legs.  The tiniest frown crossed Castiel's face, as he glanced quickly at the front of Sam's thong, where Sam was very obviously not hard.

“You... you don't...”  Castiel's eyes lifted to Sam's own.  “They're beautiful.  You're beautiful.  Jesus.  You don't need to be self-consci...”  Castiel's words stopped abruptly, as his right hand stroked over the front of Sam's thong, and he felt the cage beneath it.

Castiel stared up at Sam.  Blinked.  And blinked again, his hand closing warm and firm over Sam's cage.  Castiel's mouth opened, and he audibly choked, disbelief on his face.

Sam blushed and bit his bottom lip.

“Oh my God, Sam, are you sure?  You... you're okay  with this?  You don't...”  Castiel, Sam thought, looked as though he were on the edge of panic.

“Y-yes.  Cas.”  Sam watched his soft words visibly soothe and calm Castiel, who still had one hand over Sam's cage, though the other had drifted back down, and was stroking down the back of Sam's thigh.  “I'm... I'm okay.  I promise.  I... I wanted it.  I missed it.”  Sam tried, but failed, to keep the longing out of his voice.

Both Sam and Castiel were still both wearing the necklaces with the keys to the cage – even though it had been some time since Sam had worn it, neither could bear to take the necklace off.

“Sam...”  Castiel's arms reached right around him, tight around Sam's lower back, and Castiel squashed himself against Sam's front, his cheek pressed hard against Sam's stomach.

Sam's hands lifted, one against Castiel's cheek, and the other carding through his sleep-mussed hair.  Sam didn't think it was possible, but Castiel's grip tightened even further.

“Are you certain.  I need you to be certain.”  Castiel's voice was low and fervent, heavy with emphasis and intent.  He loosened his grip, and pulled back far enough to look up at the much taller boy.  “Are... are you certain you're ready... to give me this?”

Sam couldn't help but smile at the love and desperate hope in Castiel's eyes, which shifted into radiant joy, when Sam smiled and nodded.  “Y-yes, Sir.”

“Oh, God, Sam...”  Castiel nudged Sam back a little and stood, wrapping him in a tight hug, his face pressed against the red ribbon wrapped around Sam's neck.  Both boys were silent for a moment, before Castiel managed to force out, “Best... Christmas present... ever.  God, I love you.”

Sam couldn't help but chuckle.  “Love you, too, Cas.  Got...”  Sam blushed.  “Got one... one more present.  For you.”

Castiel slipped his arms back to Sam's hips, pulling back and looking up at him, a crooked, confused smile on his face.

Sam moved Castiel, turning him to face the bed, and turned himself and crawled onto it, on all fours.  He heard Castiel groan softly.

Castiel's obvious appreciation for Sam's... assets pushed away the small spike of fear that Sam had felt.  Ready.  I'm ready.  Sam knelt up, slipping his thumbs under his thong and pushing it down and off.  As he dropped back to his hands and knees, spreading his legs a little, Sam could hear the choked gasp from Castiel, as Castiel saw the plug between Sam's cheeks.

Sam felt the bed shift behind him, and he must've rendered Castiel speechless again, because he didn't say a word.  Gentle hands landed on his hips, and Castiel was right behind him.  Both boys were still for a long moment.

“You're sure.”  Castiel's voice was deep