"No, Dean! Stay with me! Come on man, don't go to sleep!"


He wished Sam would be quiet. What was it about little brothers and keeping big brothers awake when they were trying to get some rest? Whatever it was could wait until morning.


"Dean! Please, hold on. Don't go, not like this…"


Wait, was Sammy crying? That got his eyes open in an instant, because if there was one thing Dean couldn't stand, it was knowing his little brother was in pain. And once he did, everything came rushing back to him, along with all the agony that had faded away before that moment. He moaned, coughing and choking as more blood rushed up his throat, and Sam turned his head to the side so it could run out of his mouth instead.

"S'mmy," he rasped, turning his head back toward his brother so he could meet his tearful gaze. "'s okay, Sammy… Don' cry..."

Sam just bit back a sob, ducking his head so his hair obscured his face before pulling himself together and putting pressure back on the wound below Dean's heart. "How about you stay alive so I won't have to?"

Dean smiled, starting to tease his little brother about being such a girl, but then a searing pain shot through his chest and he gasped, biting back a scream when it brought back memories of how it had felt to have Hell hounds tearing out his chest all those years ago. When the blood stopped rushing in his ears, he heard Sam screaming for Castiel, felt his brother's enormous hands pushing down on the gaping hole in his chest, and he knew how well and truly screwed he was.

With a grunt of pain, he lifted his hand up toward Sam's face – and damn, when did it get so heavy? – giving the Sasquatch a weak smile and patting his face when he saw the tears streaming down his cheeks.

"Sammy… it's okay…" he whispered, now unable to get enough breath for more than just that. "It's how… I've always wanted to… go… okay? Let… me go…"

Sam's face immediately crumpled, and he bent forward and put his arms around Dean, pulling him up against his chest and trembling as he hugged his brother tight. "Please, no… Please, Dean, I just got you back… Don't leave me now…"

Dean huffed out a laugh, coughing immediately afterwards and splattering Sam's shirt with blood. "Big… girl… L've you, S'mmy…"

The younger hunter swallowed, his voice trembling as he said, "I love you too, you big jerk."

He waited a moment then, expecting to hear the trademark "Bitch," from Dean's lips, but it never came. Heart racing so hard he thought it might just jump out of his chest, Sam pulled Dean away from him, feeling his eyes well up with fresh tears when there was no spark of life in the dull, empty green eyes staring at him from his brother's face.

"God, Dean…" he sobbed, pulling his brother's head beneath his chin and hugging him close as if he could pour some of the warmth and life from his own body into him by doing so. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry…"

All of a sudden, as if to spite him, Sam felt the air around him grow frigid, his breath rising before him in a pale white cloud and the hair on his neck standing on end.

And it was all just more than he could take.

With a roar of fury that would have made a Hellhound cower, Sam rounded on the murderous spirit, swinging at it with the iron head of the shovel and watching to be sure it disappeared again before sprinting over to finish what his brother had started. He swung the shovel down with all his strength, splintering the wood of the coffin into fragments that flew up around him, and once he'd climbed back out of the grave he reached for the canisters of salt and gasoline, emptying them over the musty bones beneath his feet.

He was just getting ready to go for his lighter, fingers in his jacket and ready to close around it, when he heard a squelching sound and felt his body lurch slightly forward. A moment later a searing pain began burning through him, making him scream in agony as it throbbed and pulsed outward from somewhere in his lower back. All at once the pain disappeared and he lost control of his lower body, his legs buckling and sending him sprawling out in the grass with the lighter lying a few feet out of reach. Craning his neck back toward his shoulder, Sam looked for the source of his sudden paralysis, and the sight that greeted him nearly made him vomit.

There, protruding several inches from the middle of his spine, was a jagged piece of wood from the coffin. Blood pooled around it and dribbled down his sides, collecting in the