Hannah was doing, of course.  There was Heaven to run, rebuilding to manage, angels to track down.  When she got the chance, she looked for ways to help Castiel.  That’s how she found the spell – if any of Castiel’s original grace was left, the spell would allow the caster to track it.  He would be weak, but his own grace wouldn’t burn through him.

She made sure it got to Sam.

Valentine’s Day was usually spent hunting.  There were all kinds of monsters who thought Valentine’s Day was great fun.  This year, it was a ghost of a woman who killed herself when her husband left her for another woman on Valentine’s Day.

To lure her in, distract her from going after anyone else, they needed a couple.  Cas had immediately volunteered, so that the brothers wouldn’t have to try, and after a brief discussion, Sam played the role of his boyfriend, leaving Dean to find and burn the bones.  Since the moment they got to town, Castiel played the role of the besotted boyfriend, holding Sam’s hand as often as he could get away with, cuddling up to him when they went to a movie, even kissing Sam’s cheek once when a woman at the gas station told them what a cute couple they were.

Sam had been worried.  Cas was usually a terrible actor.  Dean had voiced the concern, but Castiel assured them that it wouldn’t be a problem, that he could do this.  Sam was convinced now.  The logical part of Sam’s brain was at war with the emotional side.  The logical side could add 1 and 1.  1. Castiel is a terrible actor. + 1. Castiel is having no trouble at all acting convincingly as loving Sam. = 2. Castiel isn’t acting because he loves Sam.  The emotional side said there was no way that was possible.

The show was set to conclude with a romantic candlelit picnic dinner near the ghost’s old farmhouse.  After dinner, Castiel reached for Sam’s hand to kiss the palm.  Sam pulled back.  “Cas, I… I need to tell you something.”

“What’s that, Sam?”

“I… I’m in love.”

“Isn’t that what we’re celebrating today?”

“I’m in love with someone else.”

“What?”

“I’m sorry.  I never meant to hurt you, but…”

“No.  You’re mine, Sam.  You promised.  I’m not just going to let you go without a fight.”

“Cas, please.  Don’t… don’t make this harder than it has to be.”

“I’m not the one trying to throw everything away!”

“Cas…”

Sam was cut off by a shriek, and he jumped out of the way of the ghost in time for Cas to swing the iron rod they’d brought through her.  Sam grabbed the shotgun and waited for her to come back.

It took a few rounds before the ghost went up in flames.  Castiel dropped the iron and came over to Sam.  “Are you all right?”

“Mostly.  Some bruising, probably, couple scrapes and cuts.  You?”

“I’m fine.”  Castiel reached up, gently brushing Sam’s hair out of the way as he placed two fingers to his temple.  “Better?”

“Yeah.  Thanks.”  Sam reached up and touched his head.  “Cas?”

“Yes?”

“You’re a terrible actor.”

“I know.”

“So…”

“I wasn’t acting.”

“Should’ve said something earlier.”  Sam reached out and pulled Cas into a hug.  “We could have been a lot more convincing.”

Based on this prompt:You were this popular guy who asked me if I could help you with our lesson in histology. I said okay. I was your tutor for one week and after that I went back to my shell and never again talk to you. Then you get mad and started demanding that I should notice you AU

“Hey!  Sam!”  Castiel came toward Sam, waving some papers.  “Thanks again.  Look!”  He showed the paper to Sam.  It was their recent histology exam, which they’d just gotten back that day.  Castiel had made an A-.  “This is because of you.”

“I’m glad I could help.”  It had been a shock when Castiel Novak approached Sam Winchester.  Castiel was popular.  It seemed like half of campus were his friends – or relatives.  He was in Alpha Nu Lambda fraternity, one of the two big frats on campus.  Sam, on the other hand, was the type to keep his head down.  When he wasn’t in class, he was in the library, or the gym.

“Why me?” was Sam’s immediate reaction when Castiel approached him, asking for help with the histology lesson he’d missed earlier.

“Because you seem to understand what the professor talks about?  Does it matter?  Can you help me