't be enough to turn Dean's stomach so easily.

Sam didn't even bother to call him on it though; if Dean was sick enough to need his help, he'd know when Dean was ready to tell him, and not a moment sooner. He just hoped his brother wasn't hiding anything important from him.

The moment Dean stepped inside their hastily-rented room, he immediately collapsed onto the bed, shuffling around under the covers until he felt fairly comfortable and then sinking into the mattress with a soft sigh. For some reason, he really wasn't feeling well all of a sudden. His stomach was starting to cramp almost constantly, he felt even more nauseous than he had an hour before, and he was so tired he wasn't even sure he could make it out of the bed to the bathroom if he needed to. There didn't seem to be any reasonable explanation for these symptoms except for some kind of flu, and he really hoped that wasn't it because then Sam would get it too, and the kid always got ten times sicker than Dean every time they ended up sharing a bug.

When he heard Sam come in with their bags he closed his eyes, trying to feign sleep and hoping his brother would leave him alone because he really didn't feel like being hovered over right now.

Unfortunately for him, though, that's exactly what Sam seemed to want to do. He felt the mattress dip down beside him, and then flinched when Sam's enormous chilly hand was placed across his forehead.

"Dean? How are you feeling?" he asked quietly, and Dean sighed, feeling like total crap but not willing to admit to that just yet. Not if he could help it, anyway; that was starting to feel like less and less of a possibility the more nauseous he became.

"I'm fine, Sam," he said in what he hoped was a steady voice, trying to get his worrywart brother to leave him to his misery. "Just need to sleep it off and then I –" He suddenly stopped and swallowed hard, feeling the queasiness ratchet up to an eleven out of ten. "S-Sam…"

A trashcan appeared in front of his chin a millisecond before he started retching, and he held onto it with a death-grip, trying to ride out the agony that was suddenly ripping through his midsection with every heave. He must have made some kind of pained noise, because a moment later he felt Sam's hand on the back of his neck, a silent reassurance that his brother was there to do whatever he needed.

"Easy, Dean," Sam muttered close to his ear when he choked on a gag and spluttered helplessly over the bin. "You're okay, just give it a minute."

Sam was right, of course, and within another minute or two the heaves tapered off, leaving Dean shaking and out of breath when he finally handed the can off for Sam to rinse out. But even after Sam had finished cleaning it and come back, he was still fighting for air like he'd just run a marathon, and as thirsty as if he'd run one too. What in the hell was this? Stomach bugs were supposed to make him tired, sure, but being out of breath and dying of thirst after one bout of puking was a new one.

"Are you okay now?" Sam asked when he'd placed the clean bin beside Dean's bed and sat down on his own.

Dean just nodded and grunted an affirmative, sinking into the blankets again and hoping he'd feel better when he woke up. The last thing he heard before dropping off into sleep was Sam getting situated on the other bed, likely preparing to do some research for another case. An instant later, though, he was dead to the world, leaving Sam alone with only his books for company.

The rest of the evening and night were spent in a constant whirl of chaos. Dean couldn't seem to hold down even water for a very long period of time after he drank it, and it seemed like every time Sam finally got him settled down in bed again, he would be leaning over the side and retching into the tiny motel trashcan only minutes later. That meant Sam spent a good portion of the night either coaxing crackers and fluids into his brother, holding him up while he puked, or cleaning up after him the few times he hadn't been able to hit the bin.

Dean also seemed to be running a little bit of a fever, and even though he was still getting up to stumble into the bathroom and pee every few hours, he wasn't sweating at all. It definitely wasn't good to be losing so many fluids at once, and try as Sam might, he just couldn't seem to keep ahead of it. For every ounce of liquid he persuaded Dean to drink, his brother seemed to lose two more, and it was definitely starting to take a toll on his body.

Sam was really starting to get