!" Sam shouted in warning, and his brother whirled around, firing off a shot at the creature but aiming way wide and only managing to graze its shoulder. The beast sniffed the bleeding wound and then roared furiously, lunging for Dean in an attempt to disembowel him with its claws, and he leapt backwards, his feet getting tangled around each other and sending him sprawling onto his back in the dirt as his pistol flew out of his hand. He coughed weakly, seeming to have gotten the wind knocked out of him, and clumsily crawled backwards as the werewolf advanced toward him.

Huffing in frustration, Sam raised his own gun and fired, hitting the creature in the heart without really even having to try. Once it had fallen to the ground he shot it twice more for good measure, watching to make sure it didn't so much as twitch before turning his attention to his brother – his brother who for some reason still hadn't gotten up from the forest floor.

"Dean, what's up with you tonight?" Sam asked irritably, striding over and offering his brother his hand so he could pull him up. "You've been pissy all night, you're tripping all over yourself, and now you forget how to shoot a… Dean?"

Dean was mumbling something under his breath, his eyes wandering and unfocused as he swatted vaguely at Sam's hand in front of him. The younger Winchester withdrew his hand, rolling his eyes at his older brother's constant stubborn refusal to let others help him, and then a few moments later he realized this wasn't Dean's way of refusing his help; it was him trying to take Sam's hand and being physically unable to guide his own hand to it.

"Dean? What's wrong?" he asked, a nagging feeling of what the old Sam would have called "dread" starting to well up in his chest.

Dean just blinked owlishly at him, taking a moment to process the question, and then mumbled, "Th' werewolf, S'mmy. Can't le' the… wer'wolf g't the gun."

"What?" Sam asked, confused. Dean's words were making no sense at all, and he was slurring them together like he did after drinking a full bottle of whiskey. What was going on?

"Can' the… w'rwolf not let the… get the gun…"

It took Sam a moment to finally realize what was happening, and when he did he could have kicked himself for not figuring it out sooner. Dean was trembling, his skin was pale and sweaty, his words were slurring and dissolving into complete nonsense, and if Sam had cared to look earlier he would have seen the way Dean's coordination was getting less and less reliable all night. Sam touched the back of his hand to Dean's cheek, noticing how cool and wet it was, and remembered the old saying a doctor had told them when his brother was first diagnosed with diabetes five years ago: "Cold and clammy, need some candy…"

It made sense why the werewolf had come to them now, instead of running away. It could smell weak prey a mile off, and right then that was exactly what his brother was, because right now he was having a full-on hypoglycemic attack, and a bad one at that. He hadn't had one in years, and never this bad, but Sam had been dealing with this for far too long to completely forget about it in a year.

"Okay, alright," he muttered, reaching into Dean's pockets and coat in the hope that he'd find some kind of sugary snack stashed there. His brother was usually good about taking precautions against things like this. Eventually his hand closed around a small, soft rectangle, and he pulled it out to see that it was a fruit and grain bar – not one of Dean's favorites, but good for sugar in a pinch. He hurriedly unwrapped it and held it against Dean's lips, trying to get him to take a bite.

"Come on, dude," he coaxed when Dean just clamped his mouth shut and turned his head away. "Your sugar's too low, Dean. You need to eat."

Dean didn't respond except to close his eyes, keeping his lips firmly pressed together and shaking his head when Sam touched the fruit bar against them again.

"Don' want… Don't wan' the juice, Sam…" he muttered, and had Sam possessed the capability he would have begun to feel panicked.

"I don't care," Sam growled, taking Dean's chin in his hand and turning his head toward the food. "Your sugar is too low and it's dangerous. Eat the damn bar."

"Nuh-uh…"

"Dean. Eat."

"Nuh…"

"Dean, dammit, come on!"

But it was too late. Dean reached up toward Sam with a shaky hand, almost like he wanted to bat the offending food away, and then all at once