and well-defined abs, but his legs looked weird. The thunder clapped again making you whimper running further into his room. You stood by his bed fiddling with your massive night shirt waiting for permission to climb in bed with him. He sighed turnign off the light before pulling up the blankets letting you sliding into the warm bed right as more thunder shook the house slightly. Sam turned away from you for a moment moving around before rolling back to make you the little spoon. Your head was tucked under his chin with your hips even with his, but your legs and arms were tiny compared to Sam’s. You feel asleep wrapped in his large arms as the storm blew the violently outside. 

“No.” You whimper waking up to see Sam sucking on your nipple roughly. You tried to move away, but he just swirled his tongue pushing his cock head into your leg. You jumped awake realizing you were naked under your older brother in his bed. 

“Sam what?” You asked trying to get away from him again. He bit down on your nipple harshly to silence your question. You scream for only a second until Sam slapped his hand over your lips painfully. He released your nipple moving his lips to your ear as he rubbed his penis head around in circles your already wet entrance. 

“Don’t you fucking scream. You came into my bed in the middle of me masturbating with nothing on, but my old shirt. You deserve this ____ you’re too old to be afraid of storms and so if I have to scare you out of it I will.” Sam whispered into your ear harshly pushing his dick deep inside of your virgin tight walls. You scream into his hand making your walls contract around his hard shaft. He moaned lightly with the sound of thunder making you tense again. He pulled out of you as the lighting flashed across the room. You tried to scream again around Sam’s massive hand taking up most of your face. He tightened his hold before going faster inside of you. The lightening struck again bringing more thunder and finally, the hard rain that drowned out Sam’s moans.

“I saw the weather report before I went to bed. I had a feeling you would be running in here tonight. All I had to do was wait for you and your pussy was worth the wait.” Sam chuckled bucking faster inside of you. The lightning started to strike every 10 seconds sometimes matching Sam’s thrusts. You couldn’t take it anymore you tried to push him off with your legs not even about to connect around Sam’s large hips. Your brother was a heavy giant that wouldn’t stop fucking so you tried to scream again, but the thunder kept your scream from behind heard. Sam’s hand moved from your face down to your neck squeezing enough so you could only wheeze for air lightly. 

“Try that again and I will kill you and have you buried in the woods before Dean even wakes up.” Sam threatened his hips adjusting to push deep inside of you. Tears poured down your face like the rain on the windows. Sam leaned down licking some of them away pushing into your cervix. You felt like you were being impaled on a flashlight repeatedly from his thick hard shaft tearing you apart. 

“It hurts Sam.” You whimper as your legs limply hang on either side of his hips. Sam moaned instead of responding starting to go a bit slower inside of you in time with the almost constant lightning and thunder. A knock came from the door making Sam stop still buried complete inside of you his hand tightened lightly around your neck.

“Hey, is ____ in there with you?” Dean asked over the rain. Sam looked down at your red face from the lack of proper oxygen with a wide smile. 

“Yea she is passed out next to me. She is laying on my arm.” Sam lied pulling out only a few inches to rub against your g-spot. You close your eyes in the mixture of need and pain. 

“I think she knocked on my door earlier, but I hoped she would go back to bed. She is too damn old for this being afraid of thunderstorm bullshit.” Dean grumbled going back to his room. Sam’s grin widened as he continued passing over your g-spot at a slow pace feeling how with ever small movement your walls would tighten suddenly. You reached up to your neck trying to get him to loosen his grip.

“Are you going to scream again?” Sam sternly asked going a bit further out. You nod no taking in a deep breath when Sam lets go of your slightly bruised neck. He pumped in and out of you with new speed now that he had 2 hands to use as leverage. You whimper still crying from your brother raping you, but your fear of thunderstorms had gone away to be replaced with a fear or your middle brother. 

“You feel so good ____.” Sam moaned letting his hair swing against your face with each thrust the scent of man shampoo and strawberries filling your nose. You hold back the sob as you feel Sam started to swell. He increased his