morning.

"Hey Dean? You mind if I take the first shower?"

"Nah," Dean said, barely paying attention as he flopped down onto his bed and started surfing through the few fuzzy channels on the TV. "Go ahead. You reek."

Sam snorted and was just about to step into the bathroom when he stopped, seeming to realize something that Dean didn't. "Uh, Dean? Could you… ah…"

"What?" Dean asked, not understanding the hesitancy in Sam's voice.

"No, umm, it's nothing. Never mind."

"Oookaaay…" Dean said with a raised eyebrow, completely confused when Sam just ducked his head and disappeared into the bathroom. Even after thirty years of living with the guy, sometimes Sam was still just too weird to understand. He heard the shower come on, and forgot all about Sam's abrupt bout of shyness in favor of watching some sort of funny videos show involving a lot of people falling off a lot of different things. Before he knew it, the shower turned off again and Sam soon stepped out of the bathroom. When he saw the state his little brother was still in, Dean wrinkled his nose and stood up from the bed.

"Dude, your entire head is still covered in grime! Did you even bother to get under the spray?"

Sam ducked his head again, a blush creeping up into his face beneath the dirty strands of his hair, and suddenly the pieces began clicking together in Dean's head. "Wait, that's what you were going to ask me for earlier, wasn't it? You can't reach high enough to wash your hair yourself, can you?" That made perfect sense. Sam could probably bend forward enough to get most of his body and even his face without too much pain, but stretching his arms above his head after all his muscles had been through today would be pure agony.

If possible, Sam blushed harder. "No," he said softly, his nearly shoulder-length locks swaying as he shook his head. "And I understand if you don't want to, you know, 'cause this is kind of girly and everything… You know what, never mind, I'll just go to sleep and worry about it later, so –"

"Hey hey hey whoa," Dean said quickly, almost putting his hands on Sam's shoulders before he remembered what a bad idea that would be. "Would you slow down a minute? Yeah, okay, it might be a little out of my comfort zone, but I'm not gonna make you lay in filth just 'cause washing your hair for you isn't part of my usual routine. Just what kind of brother do you think I am, huh?"

Sam sighed and smiled in obvious relief, and Dean couldn't help but chuckle a little at the ridiculousness of the whole situation.

"Okay, so, how do we wanna do this?" Sam asked tentatively, trying to think of a place he could go where he wouldn't have to lean over or bend his neck too much, since even that put a strain on the muscles around his shoulder blades.

"Uh…" Dean muttered, rolling his eyes upward as he thought about it. The sink was definitely a no-go, and because the shower/tub combo had such high sides, the only way Sam could get in without causing himself pain was if Dean got in and showered with him. Not gonna happen. So then what was he supposed to do…?

"Oh! Got it!" he said as an idea suddenly came to him, and he wondered briefly why he hadn't thought of it from the very beginning. "Wait here a minute, Sammy."

Sam watched in confusion as Dean made his way out of the room and over to the car, opening up the trunk to fetch something that sounded heavy and hollow. When he came back, he was carrying a gallon water jug they usually used to make holy water, as well as the enormous plastic bucket he always kept in the trunk for washing the Impala when it got dirty. Grinning with pride at the brilliance of his plan, Dean set the bucket on the floor next to Sam's bed, taking the gallon jug over to the sink and turning it on so the water could start heating up.

"Okay, here," Dean said softly, coming over to where Sam was sitting on the bed and guiding him to lay down on his back, head hanging over the edge of the bed where the bucket sat without having to crane his neck at all. Then he went to fetch the shampoo from his duffel and fill the jug with water, since it had finally warmed up enough to be comfortable when he had stuck his hand into it earlier.

Sam, who now couldn't see anything but the ceiling unless he wanted to turn his neck – which he didn't – heard Dean stepping into the kitchenette and then back to his side, and then there was a stream of warm water pouring back from his bangs and over