move faster than he’s comfortable with or something like that, I will end you, best friend or not.  But I’d love to see him with someone like you, where I’m pretty sure that threat is just a formality.  Why would you being my friend mean you and Sam can’t hook up?”

“Some people find that just too weird,” Cas said, trying to deal with the rush of nerves.  Now he was out of excuses, wasn’t he.  “Of course, there’s still the question of why in the world a guy like him would bother with me.”

“Because…” Dean rolled his eyes.  “Oh, come on.  You like Sam, ask him out, because I promise you he will never find the balls to do it himself.”

“Oh, please.  Dean, I’m well aware of the fact that I’m a nerd.  So I can draw a little.  Sam’s an athlete, and a genius.  He’s the kind of guy that anyone who likes guys would fall for.”

Dean snorted.  “You know he talks the same way about you, he’s some dork freshman and you’re a genius and an artist and those eyes shouldn’t be allowed.  I’m not entirely sure on whether he wants to date you or just wants to be you, but you’ll never know unless you ask him out.  He’s not gonna be a dick about it if I’m wrong here.”

“Not tonight.”  Cas picked up his bag and went to Sam’s room, knocking softly and opening it when Sam called permission.  “Sam?  Do you mind if I take the other bed?”

Sam sat up from his writing, looking surprised.  “Sure, if that’s what you want.  I’m sorry about Dean, no one’s ever been able to teach him manners.”

“I’m not sure whether introducing him to Gabriel is the worst idea I could ever have, or the best.  No one in this town would be safe from them whether they team up or go against each other.”  Cas dropped his bag at the foot of the empty bed.  “Are you all right?”

“Yeah, he just…” Sam trailed off.  “He did that on purpose, you know.”

“I have to say, I’m a little weirded out by the fact that he has no problem joking about sleeping with his brother,” Cas said.

Sam chuckled.  “Yeah, well, this girl he dated for like three weeks and then dumped got revenge by spreading a rumor that he was molesting me, and enough teachers heard it that we ended up running to Dad’s friend Bobby Singer.  It’s kinda become a running joke for us.  We’re close, yeah, but not that close.  As far as I know Dean’s not even into guys.”

“And he cares way too much about you for it to be true molestation,” Cas agreed.  “He’s a dick, though.  At least he’s a well-meaning one.”

“I’m not so sure about the well-meaning,” Sam said.  “But if you can ignore him…”

“He’s… it may not be you he’s teasing.  At least, not just you,” Cas said.  “Which is kinda nice, really.  I’ve never been teased like this.”

“Dean’s really taken to you, he’s never invited someone to spend the night before,” Sam said as he pulled his notebook closer, resuming his writing as Cas changed into his pajamas.  “Hey, uh.  I’m sorry about earlier, I just… I wanted to do something for you.  To thank you for the angel picture of me and Dean.”

“Hmm?”  Cas tried to figure out why Sam was apologizing.  “I’m looking forward to reading it, Sam, why are you sorry?”

Sam sighed.  “Look, you don’t have to be nice about it.  You wouldn’t talk to me afterward, so… I overstepped, and…”

Oh.  Whoops.  That was the complete opposite of what Cas had intended, and he needed to correct that, now.  “Sam, no, I really am excited to read it.  I wasn’t talking because I didn’t want to say something that might upset you, like how you are in severe need of a warning label.”

“Warning label?” Sam asked.

“Caution: there is no way this person is real, or something like that.  You’re…”  Castiel cursed himself.  There really wasn’t anywhere he could go with this except to tell the truth.  “Sam, I have trouble believing you’re willing to spare a second thought for me.  If someone had asked me a month ago to describe the perfect guy, I suppose I’d have eventually come up with a long, rambling answer that made a little sense.  It’s a lot shorter now,