lip.

"Dean," Sam says, sounding unsure and hesitant. His eyes glance sideways to meet John's before he re-focuses on his older brother with renewed determination. Dean watches Sam with an unwavering gaze, seemingly captured by Sam's voice.

John starts when Sam stands up slowly, taking a small step towards Dean. The orderlies take a step forward as well, to stop Dean in case he lashes out. Dr. Reece waves them away with his hand, looking unworried and curious.

"Do you- um." Sam stops when Dean's eyes lock with his own, and John can see the exact moment recognition slams into Dean because the boy lets out a sharp exhale like it had been punched out of him and his eyebrows pull together in the same confused, desperate manner John remembers from long visits explaining to Dean why he couldn't come home yet, why he couldn't see Sammy yet. "Do you know who I am?"

Dean extends his hand in Sam's direction, and Sam is just close enough for their fingers to touch. Sam gasps and looks at Dean and John thinks he's going to pass out any second now, because those are his boys, in the same room, together.

Sam takes another half a step closer, and Dean tangles their fingers together and pulls him the rest of the way until John's youngest is standing directly in front of Dean, a hair's breadth away.

Dean brings his and Sam's interlocked fingers up and John can feel his eyes stinging as Dean's green irises disappear behind freckled eyelids and the boy inhales deeply, breathing in the smell of his brother for the first time in twelve years. It's not normal by any standards for a nineteen year old to sniff his brother, but John can ignore the way Sam shudders for now because his boys, together. He has never thought he'd see this again. Never thought he'd witness his family, united at last.

"Sammy," Dean whispers, and Sam positively melts into Dean's embrace when the latter opens his arms and buries his face in Sam's blue American Eagle t-shirt.

Sam raises one hand and rests it on Dean's head, fingers weaving into the short strands as his brother quivers and shakes with soft sobs and howls like a wounded animal.

After Dean quiets down, Sam takes half a step back. "What happened to your face?" he asks, running a hand down Dean's purple cheek gently, fingers catching the tears as they drop.

John's eldest son quirks a smile that still manages to look cocky, tears and all. "You should see the other guy," he quips, and John turns his head to raise an eyebrow at Dr. Reece, who sighs in defeat.

"Did you beat someone up?" Sam continues to trail his fingers up and down the bruised portion of Dean's face, and John's jaw tightens when Dean sucks in a breath, a shudder shaking his shoulders and his eyes closing as he leans into Sam's touch.

"Asshole deserved it, way he was roughing up Cas," he breathes, one long exhale, eyes fluttering open again when Sam retrieves his hand.

"Who's Cas?"

John watches them, gradually relaxing as the tension in the room dissipates, and out of the corner of his eye he can see Bobby taking a couple of steps back to lean against a wall.

"Friend o' mine," Dean mumbles, eyes narrowing as he takes in the other people in the room, as if seeing them for the first time. "He's an angel," he says decisively, daring anyone to contradict him.

John swallows down his sigh.

Sam, however, only looks more curious. John had explained Dean's condition to Sam in detail before coming here, had talked about his delusions, his explosive, violent fits, his hallucinations, but none of that seems to deter Sam now. If anything, Sam looks awed at Dean's twisted concept of reality.

"Can't Cas defend himself?" Sam asks, a bit indignantly, eyes latching onto Dean's scratched neck.

"His powers got taken away."

John can still remember the day Dean had told him about his new friend, an angel who had been stripped of his powers and forced to take over the body of one Jimmy Novak, a blue-eyed teen with a strange speech pattern and an aversion to touch. John had met the boy twice, the first time when he'd been dragged by the arm by an enthusiastic Dean who had babbled incessantly about introducing them, and the second time when he had been waiting for Dean in his room and the small boy had poked his head inside and inquired about Dean's whereabouts. The overall impression John has of the boy is a grudging sort of acceptance that this is Dean's life now. Still, he worries. It doesn't help that Jimmy shares Dean's delusion, thinking that he is an angel.

"Oh," Sam wrinkles his nose