disaster, and Benny apologized.  “That one’s my fault.  Shoulda checked to make sure Becky wasn’t a crazy woman first.”

Sam just shrugged.  “I’m pretty sure she’d have been willing to stay around.  Which is the point, isn’t it?  You’re not doing this for my benefit, you’re doing this to get your kid.”

“Yeah, but I took an oath to do no harm, and lettin’ you spend any more time with her would’ve been harm.”  Sam laughed.  “I’ll call you when I get another prospect through.”

“Yeah.  Dean says hi by the way.”

 

The second date was better, but still bad.  This one, though, was Sam’s fault.  Pamela scared the crap out of him and he could barely string a sentence together without stammering.  The third date went fine, but when Sam called her the next day, he learned that Madison had been fatally shot the night before.  “That one’s not my fault, Benny.  I offered to drive her home.”

The fourth date looked promising.  Jess was fun, confident and attractive like Pamela without being scary.  She readily agreed to a second date, and a third.  Benny continued watching so that he could give Sam tips for the future as their relationship grew.

When things with Jess crashed and burned, Sam went to Benny to cry.  Benny held him, letting him cry as much as he needed to.  When the tears stopped, Sam looked up.  “I still owe you.  I know.  I’m not…”

“Shhh.”  Benny stroked Sam’s hair.  “Don’t worry about that right now.  Not gonna rush you back into things.  Wouldn’t work even if I did.”

True to his word, Benny didn’t say a thing for three months.  There were frequent phone calls, and each time, Sam answered with a mix of fear and anticipation.  When Benny called and asked if he might be ready to try again, Sam agreed.  Amelia was nice enough.  They had a pretty good two months before Amelia called Sam to say she and her ex-boyfriend Don had just gotten married in Vegas.

Sam wasn’t angry.  He was too stunned to be angry.  Benny was furious.  “I know you liked her.  Thought she liked you!  Can’t believe she’d do you like that.  Hope she’s happy because if she ever comes back here she won’t be.”

Sam chuckled.  “What happened to ‘do no harm’?”

“Goes out the window when they harm me or someone I care about first.”  Benny plopped down beside Sam.  “If it weren’t for the fact that I’m a witch and I’ve checked several times, I’d think you were cursed.”

“You’ve checked?”  Sam shook his head.  Not that it was a surprise.  “Gotta say, if it weren’t for the fact that I still owe you, I think I’d be about ready to just give up on finding love.  I’m terrible at this.”

“Aw, you’re not terrible anymore.  Just having a run of bad luck.  You need some time?”

Sam decided against it, but Benny still gave him a couple of weeks before calling.  Piper was sweet, but Sam couldn’t really see it lasting long-term.  Castiel would make an awesome friend, but the spark wasn’t there, and neither thought they could force it.  Castiel introduced him to her friend Anna, but by the end of that date Anna said she never wanted to see him again.

Lucy was the worst.  Benny actually broke his cover to intervene in that date when he saw the way Lucy was pointing her knife at him.  “That woman is evil incarnate.”

“No kidding.  Thanks for the save.”  Sam shuddered.  “Promise or no, there is no way that woman should ever have kids.  They’d be demons!”

Benny laughed and kept his arm around Sam.  “This is twice now I’ve set you up with psychos.  Sorry.”

“Becky wasn’t dangerous, at least.”  Sam shuddered.  “Just overenthusiastic.”

“Gonna give me another chance?”  Benny’s forehead wrinkled and his eyes looked worried.

Sam grinned.  He’d put up with a million psychos if it meant he got to see Benny on a regular basis.  “If you promise to intervene if you find another Lucy.”

Benny sighed with relief and squeezed Sam’s shoulders.  “You’re a good guy, Sam.  I’d have given up on me around Amelia.”

“That wasn’t your fault.  She sent me an email a couple days ago.  She and Don are very happy and she’s sorry about how she ended things with me, but she’s pretty sure she made the right choice.  Hoped I’d forgive her and not hate her.”

“What did you say?”

“I told her I was happy for