making the man stop momentarily to sink his fingers inside of you. 

"Oh god!" You scream bowing your back to try and get him out of you. He pushed further to his second knuckle before pulling out just to push in harder.

"Who was it then?" The stranger asked twisting his finger around inside of you.

"Some guy! He said he was looking for someone and just happened to find me. Look he told me to say I did it!" Jason said quickly watching your face turn red in discomfort. His finger were still pumping in and out of you, but they were going in easier now at least, but giving you a weird feeling of pleasure.

"Ok now we are getting some were. What was his name?" Said the stranger now using his thumb to rub a different more sensitive part of your sex. You gasped bucking into his finger in shock and pleasure. 

"Get out of me!" You sob trying to stop the intense feeling building inside of you. 

"What is his goddamn name Jason." The man said  pumping faster in between your legs.

"His name was Sam! Sam Whimes or something like that. I don't know! He just came out of no were and disappeared afterwards!" Jason screamed as your walls started to clamp around the strangers finger. The man stopped suddenly pulling out of you very slowly. 

"Sam Winchester perhaps? I'm his brother Dean Winchester." The man laughed before you heard zipper and jeans being pulled down behind you.

"I'm going to enjoys this way more now." Dean said rubbing his head against your virgin slit.

"I told you what you want! Let my sister go! Stop!" Jason roars seeing Dean mount you from behind. 

"Please don't do this." You beg as well until you feel his large shafted splitting you open. You gasp before screaming bloody murder. His was huge compared to the two finger he had been preparing you with.

"Holy fuck your tight." He groaned pumping out to ram back inside rocking your body forward. Thank god you still had your T-shirt on at least.

"You said you would stop if I told you!" Jason screamed still straining against the ropes keeping him tied to the chair. 

"That was before you told me my little bro helped you out. I fucking hate that guy." Dean answer pounding your body harder.

"Oh fuck please stop! Please!" You beg as your walls start to feel the same intense pleasure you were feeling from his fingers.

"Don't act like you don't love this you slut!" He growled back adding pressure from his fingers into your hips.

"I'm a virgin!" You scream out in sharp pain from his nails. Your body was bouncing roughly back and forth on his penis. His thrusts made the room fill with loud slapping sounds along with your screams.

"Where a virgin." Dean corrected going faster inside of you. His warm balls slapped against your clit causing shocks of pleasure from the sensation.

"I told you what you wanted to know!" Jason screamed again still trying to escape to help you. Your hands dug into the mattress trying to stop the pleasure building from his cock pounding you.

"Shut the fuck up." Dean growled snapping his fingers making Jason silent for once. The only sound you small grunting sobs of protest. 

"Mmmm." You moaned lightly feeling a weird pulse of need beginning to form. Dean picked up the pace using his legs to pump into you at an animalistic pace.

"So I knew you loved my big cock." He chuckled feeling your walls contract around him. His grunts turned rabid as your body squeezed his shaft snugly. You started to sweat the pleasure becoming to much until fireworks exploded inside of your abdomen. You moaned loudly arching your back into his hips needing him deeper.

"Taking my cock like such a good little whore." He moaned also getting close to his edge. Your quivering walls making it hard for him to last much longer. 

"Ahhh!" You wince feeling him get bigger inside of you before he groaned loudly. Slowing his harsh thrusts to let his cum spay inside of your cervix. 

"Oh damn I needed that." Dena moaned lightly behind you still humping you softly. He pulled out of you letting what ever was keeping your hands and knees upright disappear. You fell to the mattress. 

"Thanks for the information Jason. I'll be sure to pay my brother a visit." Dean said fixing his jeans as he climbed to his feet. He grabbed his flannel and jacket also putting them on while you sobbed on the floor. You heard a snap like before making you scream not knowing what was going to happen next.

"____ oh my god." Jason said running over to you now free from the chair. The stranger named Dean no were to be found.

7 months later ******* Deans perspective*****

I was waiting for Sam to get done interrogating the possible Vamp inside the dinner when a teenager walked out. She was holding her very rounded stomach as another young guy walked out behind her. She waddled to the