. 'I guess it really is true that heroes always turn out to have feet of clay.'

'I'm not scared!' Dean protested. 'I just think it's a waste of good money, eating some crappy thing they can't even be bothered to cook.'

'Too bad you lost the bet,' Sam said unrepentantly. 'Turn left here - this is a great restaurant.'

The restaurant was tucked away in an alley, no sign but a rough sketch of a fish over the door. Just like a typical demon haunt, Dean thought sourly. Knowing their luck, the waiter would be swallowed up by some giant tentacly thing before they'd even placed their orders.

On second thoughts, that scenario was infinitely preferable to the thought of actually having to eat some tentacly thing.

Alas, the waiter was an impeccably turned-out Japanese man and the only tentacled things were on the plates of their fellow diners. Dean tried fixing a few with his patented 'come and get it, fuckers' stare, but the sushi resolutely failed to leap up and attack anyone. After an elderly gentlemen two tables over shot a dirty look at him before ushering his wife out of the restaurant, Sam kicked him under the table and Dean was forced to turn his attention to the menu. He scanned down the list of ingredients for the least horrifying option.

'Sirs? Are you ready to order?'

Dean opened his mouth to request a California roll, but Sam had already fixed a radiant smile upon the waiter.

'Yes, thank you. I'll have the maguro sashimi and my brother here would like a selection of narezushi. He's been keen to try it. And we'll take some nigorizake, please.'

'Certainly, sir.' The waiter bowed and backed away before Dean could protest, heading for the kitchens at a speed which suggested he had some fairly accurate suspicions about Dean's sudden urge to kill something.

'Don't order for me, dude! I'm not a girl!'

'Dean, Dean, Dean. One never orders for a lady; that would be the height of rudeness. One does, however, order for one's uncouth big brother who was undoubtedly about to shame the name of Winchester by ordering some unspeakable Western abomination like a California roll.'

'Was not!' Dean muttered, then lapsed into rebellious silence. Sam smirked, humming a happy little tune under his breath. Dean was pretty sure he recognised the refrain of 'We are the Champions'. There was just not enough hate in the world for a brother like Sam.

The food, when it arrived, was worse than Dean's worst nightmares. A glistening, oozy pile of fish mixed with maggoty-looking rice. Skinwalkers, zombies, Dad's rice 'n' peas - he'd faced some pretty disgusting things in his day, but none of them matched this.

He swallowed hard and turned to the porcelain carafe the waiter had set down between them. The Japanese drank some pretty hardcore liquor, or so he'd heard. Maybe if he got drunk he'd be able to swallow the sushi-gore. He filled his cup generously and was about to take a sip when he noticed Sam's shit-eating grin. He looked down at the cup.

The liquor was white. Cloudy and white, and oh god, sort of viscous.

'Nigorizake is for the more refined palate,' Sam said pleasantly. 'It's left unfiltered and the rice sediment is mixed in with the liquor upon serving. Much of the fine flavour resides in the residue.'

'Christo,' Dean said experimentally, but without much hope that it would have any effect. It would be nice to think that his brother was possessed by a demon, but he recognised this Sammy from the more... competitive moments of their childhood. He set the cup back down and took a sip of water instead.

'Aren't you going to try your delicious sushi, Dean?' Sam popped what looked like a sliver of kappa liver into his mouth and chewed with apparent appreciation.

'No, Sammy,' Dean growled. 'Like hell am I trying that shit. I'm gonna sit and watch you eat your delicious sushi - and try not to upchuck while you do it - and then I'm gonna go get me a good American burger. And a beer.'

'I have sashimi, actually. And you are totally going to eat that sushi. You double-dared me to drink that stuff in the hell house, man, and then you whinge about trying a wonderful Asian delicacy.'

'Sashimi, then, Little Miss I-went-to-Stanford.' How was it even possible for anyone to be such a little bitch as Sam? 'Anyway, it's not like you actually drank that stuff, coward.'

Sam gave him a pointed look and Dean realised too late that he was screwed. So totally and utterly screwed. A Winchester man never, ever backed down from a double dare, and Sam had just prodded him into double-daring himself. Fucking