House, I assure you. Instead of dying alone in a freezing basement, he’ll live a long and happy life with a husband who makes computers and a dog who’s name is a vague reference to Star Trek”

"Wait," Ed stuttered "Just, what? Corbett doesn’t… no way buddy, you’ve got the wrong impression- he’s just here because his parents threw him out, not because he’s got the hots for me or anything"

The angel seemed to make a point of sighing any time Ed opened his mouth “Human’s are so dense, I don’t know what Castiel sees in them. Look, just take it from me that the intern isn’t just here for the pointless work experience and what you affectionately call the cosy atmosphere”

Ed paused for a moment, shaking his head. “Even if he did like me that way, I couldn’t intentionally hurt another team member”

"Spare me your moral squint, Zeddmore- let’s just make this real quick, okay?"

Suddenly there were two fingers to Ed’s forehead and before he could flinch everything went black.

In his dreams Ed saw darkness. There was  pained screams, frantic calls out to Corbett and silence. The silence was the worst part. Then out of the darkness came a soft sound. It was crying, whispers of ‘I love you’ and sobs of ‘oh please, Corbett’. There came blinding light after that, freedom, but a loss so terrible Ed could hardly bare it. When Ed finally woke up, he knew what he had to do.

Corbett was still in the kitchen making coffee when Ed came back around. He was humming to himself, something Ed could vaguely make out as the Star Wars theme tune. He braced himself, and kept whispering “The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few”

"Corbett, I need to talk to you" He hoped the intern wouldn’t hear his voice shaking.

Corbett turned around and smiled nervously “Oh, okay. What about?” He was sipping a cup of coffee intently.

"Um, you, specifically” Ed stated. Corbett wasn’t smiling anymore. “You need to leave the Ghostfacers”

“What?” Corbett dropped his coffee. The mug shattered on the ground, spilling it’s steaming contents across the floor and onto Ed.

“Shit" Corbett whispered. He grabbed a cloth frantically and began to clean the floor. "S-sorry, I didn’t mean to do that- I’ll replace the mug, I promise"

Ed grabbed him by the arm and dragged him into an upright position “Forget the coffee for a minute and listen to me. I need you to leave the team, you’ve done a great job here but I’m afraid it just isn’t working out” 

"Is it because I burnt the coffee yesterday because I swear, I can do better.”

“No Corbett, it’s not about the coffee… it’s hard to explain. As Ghostfacers we need to go boldly where no man has gone before and… I just don’t think you’re up to it.” Ed looked down at his trainers. They still had dirt on them from the Morton House. No matter how hard it was to hurt the intern, Ed needed more than anything to save him. He looked at Corbett with a face he hoped portrayed indifference and waved his hand vaguely in the air “So you know, live long and prosper, all that” 

Corbett didn’t respond. Ed grimaced as he watched the intern blink back tears.

"Please, Ed", He said eventually "Don’t make me go. I love Ghostfacing, I love the team, I love finally belonging somewhere" 

Corbett paused for a moment, fiddling with the cloth in his hands nervously.

"I love you" He said softly, barely any louder than a whisper "Wherever you go, I’m gonna follow"

"But you can’t always follow me!" Ed screamed. Corbett looked like a kicked puppy. Ed felt like a monster. 

"Look, Corbett", he sighed "You’re a nice kid and a good intern but that’s it. I’m not gay and I sure as Hell don’t love you back, so please just pack up your shit and go”

"You’re lying" He muttered, "I don’t know why but you’re lying"

Ed felt like he was lying too, and it made him feel sick. Out of other options, he resorted to violence. Corbett obviously wasn’t expecting to get hit so the first blow hit him directly in his face. Blood began to slowly pour out of his nose, mingling with the tears that were now streaming down his cheeks. 

"You’re a fucking faggot and you make me sick, so just get the fuck out of my life" Ed was expecting a fight, for Corbett to hit him back and scream at him for being such a dick