s small shoulder.  He takes a couple of deep breaths and forcing his voice to go quieter. “I didn’t mean to yell at you, okay buddy?” He pats Dean ineffectually on the shoulder and Dean continues to cry. “You just… you can’t run off like that, okay? You have to stay close to me so I know where you are.”

Dean’s eyes are screaming an apology at Sam as Dean nods solemnly.

Fucking fantastic. Sam’s ruined Disneyland. Jesus, he’s an idiot. He completely panicked and let his emotions get the better of him. Dean always made taking care of Sam look so easy.

“It’s okay,” Sam soothes, rubbing Dean’s shoulder. “I’m sorry I yelled. I’m not mad.”

Dean eyes him suspiciously.

“I’m not, I swear. I was just really worried about you, but you’re okay and I’m okay and we’ve got a big day ahead of us, okay?”

Dean nods, sniffing up a huge loogey of snot as he does and Sam realizes he doesn’t have any tissue. Sam spots a gift shop and makes a beeline for it.

Which is how Dean ends up in a child harness five minutes later with Sam’s hand firmly around the lead. It always seemed ludicrous to him when he saw kids on leashes before, but now with the secure knowledge that Dean is safely at the end of the rope, Sam feels calm and happy.

Dean doesn’t seem to care at all and in fact thinks it’s great fun to run to the end of the lead and wait for Sam to give it a sharp tug and come racing back to Sam’s side.

Sam’s not sure who having more fun at Disneyland, him or Dean. Dean’s too small for a lot of the more rambunctious rides, and he’s somewhat hesitant at times, preferring to hang back and get a good view of something before going toward it, even with Sam in charge. On an impulse Sam buys them both mouse ear hats, and feels unapologetically happy every time he catches sight of their shadows; his long, lanky one and Dean’s tiny, fragile one, both topped with Mickey ears.

The sun is relentless and after lunch, Dean starts to lag. Sam recognizes all the signs of a tired Dean that haven’t changed with his age regression; clomping steps when he walks, grimly determined eyebrows, churlish lip curl, chin jutting out. Sam makes a unilateral decision that it’s time for a nap back at the hotel and they can come back when it’s cooler and Dean’s had a chance to rest.

In some ways, it’s nice to be in charge of all the decisions. Sam decides Dean needs a rest and so they head back to the hotel. Dean doesn’t argue when Sam says they’re taking a break and will come back later. Dean doesn’t protest that he’s not tired and Sam doesn’t have to stand there and wonder if it’s going to take five minutes of shouting to get Dean to slow down and stop. Instead, Dean nods sleepily and lets Sam carry him out of the park, getting stamped on the hand so they can return. Dean falls asleep in the back of the Impala and only wakes up long enough when they get to the hotel to root around and find his stuffed cat jammed under his pillow before falling into a sweaty toddler sleep.

On the other hand, making all the decisions is lonely, Sam finds. While tiny Dean seems to be relatively compliant, Sam misses the banter, the back and forth, the swapping of lunch and dinner duties. Even picking a hotel was done without their usual, ‘Here?’, ‘Yeah, here looks good’ exchange. The last time Dean got little, Bobby had been around and Sam hadn’t realized how much having another adult around had helped. He feels a sudden pang for his dad, and wonders what it was like for him with two small boys, making all the decisions, being in charge of everything. He feels a twinge for Dean too, who always seems so confident in his decisions, and still, after all this time, feels the need to protect Sam. He wonders if Dean always and only sees him as his little brother. If Dean always looks at Sam and sees a mop-haired six year old trailing behind him desperately with short legs.

It suddenly makes a lot of Dean’s actions toward Sam make a hell of a lot more sense. In his head, he always knew why Dean was protective of him, but staring at Dean’s small chest rising softly with each breath, seeing his hair stick up in sweaty spikes, and watching Dean clutch the stuffed cat close, he suddenly gets it in a way that just wasn’t tangible before.

Sam eventually dozes and he’s not sure for how long. He wakes up to the quiet scribbling of Dean coloring at the small table