thinks about things like this, if it didn't mean giving up everything else. But he wants all those other things - wants to go to school and live in one place and have a real job and a real life.

He doesn't want the life he's got, even if that means not wanting Dean either.

Dean's still looking at him, face closing down as Sam's words sink in, and it's too late to take them back even if Sam wanted to. They fill up the whole treehouse, suffocating.

Sam gets up, slow and painful, and goes to the trapdoor. "It's not you, Dean. It's just -" He can't finish. Don't you want more? is what he wants to say, and he already knows that Dean doesn't.

When Sam looks back over his shoulder, Dean hasn't moved, hands pressed flat against the smooth wood of the floor. He doesn't come back to the house until nearly dawn.

"Dapple-dawn-drawn," Jess says dreamily, staring up at the criss-crossed branches and leaves. She's warm along Sam's side, relaxed.

"That was a bird," Sam points out, shifting a little closer.

"Still." Jess sucks in a mouthful of smoke and leans over, sealing her mouth over Sam's. A lock of her hair escapes its pin and brushes softly against his cheek.

"Still," he agrees peaceably, when he's got his breath back. He knows what she means, green shadows and brighter spots of sunlight dappled across their skin. A hint of dampness is creeping cold through his shirt, but he's too relaxed to care. It's easy, lying here with her.

"Did you ever read Peter Pan?" Jess asks. She takes one last hit off the joint before snuggling closer to Sam, creeping under his arm. He notes with amusement that this means he's the only one who'll be getting wet. "At the end, after Wendy and all the Lost Boys leave, Peter has the Wendy-house put up in the trees, and that's where he lives on his own. I always loved that idea."

"I had one once," Sam says.

"What, a Wendy-house?" He can hear the grin in Jess' voice.

"No, a treehouse." He's already regretting saying it, doesn't know why he did, except that he's high and relaxed and he gets tired of lying.

"Really?" Jess scootches round, propping herself on one elbow so she can look at his face. "That's so cool! What was it like?"

Sam smiles in spite of himself. He can tell her this. "It was awesome. It took me and Dean most of one summer to build it; we even put in a window - we salvaged a door off an old truck, so you could wind it up and down."

"Awesome," Jess breathes. "I wish I could have seen it."

"Yeah," Sam says, and he's suddenly overcome by a wave of homesickness, picturing the treehouse so vividly he can almost feel the wooden boards under his back; feel Dean's lips against his own. He pulls Jess closer, crushing his mouth against hers instead, pressing in close to assuage the ache of longing for things he can't have.

That summer, he tries building her a treehouse. But without Dean, he doesn't know where to begin.

After they burn Dad's body, Sam smells smoke for days. He feels like it's sunk into his skin, acrid smell overlaying everything else, and he knows he can't really be smelling it, but he does all the same.

"Don't be stupid, Sam," Dean says when Sam asks if he feels the same, and goes back to pretending everything's okay. So Sam knows he smells it too.

It's not a big surprise that Dean's not coping well with their dad's death. Christ knows Sam's not coping, and he knows it's got to be a thousand times worse for Dean. But that's just it: Sam's barely holding it together, and he's not sure Dean's even noticed.

That's the bit that scares him the most.

"What did you do with my car?" Dean asks suddenly, three days into their stay at Bobby's, and Sam feels his heart almost stop with relief.

"It's in bad shape," he warns, leading Dean out to where Bobby has the Impala propped up on blocks. It still hurts to look at it, the torn, crumpled chassis too reminiscent of how Dean looked in that hospital bed.

Dean just looks at it for a long time, face expressionless. Then, abruptly, he pushes up his sleeves and lifts up the hood, and half an hour later he's on