like Harry Potter, The Longest Mile, and Enchanted. You blinked twice for Enchanted trying to smile when Sam started to read to you. A few chapters in the front door slammed and Dean yelled for Sam. Sam knitted his eyes brows looking at his watch. 

“It’s only 10 pm? What is he doing home.” He muttered shutting the book to go find where Dean was angrily yelling his name. You sat in silence looking at the door wondering if they would tell you what the commotion was about, but you didn’t think they would.

“Let’s just see what happens.” You hear Dean say right before they enter the room in nothing, but their boxers. You looked confused at them as they climbed into the large medical bed on either side of you. It felt nice to have the warmth of both brothers trying to make you feel better. You started to fall asleep your eyes shifting slightly in your eyes lids. Then you felt a warm hand slip up your stomach to cup your left breast. You slowly opened your eyes when you also felt a hot wet tongue gliding on your right nipple. 

“Such nice big boobs.” Sam moaned massaging your breast with light fingers. Dean sucked harder his free hand darting between your legs. He pushed them open to rub your clit with two fingers working the bud between his phalanges. You were staring at them in horror trying to make them stop with your mind to stop touching you like this. 

“She is already getting wet enough to fuck. Do you want her first?” Dean asks before going back to sucking on your nipples. 

“This was your idea. You go first.” Sam said leaning down to kiss your hard nipples lightly. Dean moved down your body making the bed dip. He touched your legs softly spreading them. The cold air on your open sex made you roll your eyes in discomfort. Dean leaned down sucking your clit between his plump lips using his teeth to tease your sensitive skin. Sam did the same to each nipple talking his time swirling around each areola. You try to fight back try to get them off you, but your body refused to work.  Dean pushed harder sucking and licking at your clit and entrance. He pulled back to put two fingers in his mouth he looked into your tear-filled eyes as he pushed two fingers inside of you. It didn’t hurt it just felt like you were full be pumped in and out of you a few times just to make sure you were wet enough. He jerked away to pull his boxers down rubbing the liquid on his head and shaft to add more lubrication. Sam moved away pulling your torso up so that you were in a sitting position laying on him. Sam held your legs close to your chest while Dean lined himself to your virgin hole. Tears were running down your face while Dean pushed into you complete. He moaned while his eyes shut you felt a small intense pain when he was half way the rest mostly discomfort. You lightly whimper making both boys look at you. 

“If you want me to stop you have to scream first ____.” Dean said in a husk moan pulling out to shove back into you pushing your body into Sam. You tried to scream, you tried to fight, but all you managed to do was cry more and tense around Dean’s cock. Sam reached around your torso to massage your breast rolling your nipple in between his fingers. While Dean took your legs using them as leverage to go faster. 

“Fuck she keeps squeezing my dick.” Dean grunted pounding harder. 

“Are you trying to scream ____? Don’t you like Dean’s big cock inside of you?” Sam asked his chin rubbing against your ear. You cried harder giving another small noise in protest to their actions. 

“Fuck keep making her mad. She feels so fucking tight.” Dean moaned going faster. His shaft was rubbing on your g-spot in just the right way you felt your body starting to build a crazy intense orgasm. Dean pumped faster his head spreading your walls to the extreme with each thrust. 

“Come on ____ scream. Tell Dean to stop pounding you.” Sam chuckled pinching your nipples harder making pain mix with the pleasure from Dean. 

“Sam, rub her clit she is about to cum.” Dean said his forehead pressed against yours as he snapped his hips like an animal back and forth inside of you. Sam wiggled his hand in between your bodies to rub the bud of nerves in a tight circle. You whimpered again frowning slightly looking into Dean’s green eyes.  You were so close, but you were fighting it trying to suppress the need to cum. Dean growled leaning down to smash his lips into yours. 

“Cum for our big brother ____. Show him how much you wanted this.” Sam moaned pushing his own hips sticking his hard member into the small of your back. That was it you crumbled your walls squeezed Dean so tight he could pull out fully he just pumped slowly back and forth with a deep chest moan. He released your lips a big goofy smile on his face. 

“Fuck it feels so