you, you keep reminding me you’re old enough to make your own decisions now, so… Winchester morality, we’re not hurting anyone so what the fuck does it matter?”

“Huh.”

Dean shut down the Impala and turned toward Sam.  “So you gonna kiss me again?”

Sam leaned forward, and things were starting to get really good when there was a tap at the window.  And there was Bobby, with a shotgun and a very, very confused look on his face.  “You boys come here for a reason, or just forget the guy who lived here knows that car when you were looking for your makeout spot?”

“Um.”  Sam looked to Dean.  Dean was the charmer who always knew what to say in awkward moments like this.

Dean put on his best carefree grin.  “Hi, Bobby.  Long time no see.  Our dad’s been captured by demons, and we could really use your help in figuring out how to find him.”

Bobby nodded and lowered the shotgun.  “Then get inside where the books are.  And if you two feel like making out again, get somewhere I don’t have to watch.  I hate PDAs.”  Sam glanced at Dean, the two of them wearing identical confused faces.  “Oh.  Sorry.  Were you supposed to have to talk me into helping you because of the last time your daddy brought you around?”

“Um… that too…” Sam said.

“Oh.  Then I’m supposed to be mad at you for redefining the word brother?  Like I hadn’t seen that one coming since Dean was the only one who could get Sam to eat for the first three days after John dropped you off?  Sam, you were real careful when you came here to get organized for Stanford, but you told me enough that I could work it out.”

“You… could have warned us?  Because I didn’t see it coming at all,” Sam said.

Bobby's done look hadn't changed.  “You’re an idjit.  Now come on, we’ve got family to save.”

These were the anonymous messages sent throughout the week that led up to the fic.

Living life on the road didn't make life easy for Sam. He learned quickly to avoid making friends, to be self-sufficient, to make Dean all he let himself need. Dean was his big brother, best friend, and role model. So he figured he'd be like Dean and develop a hook up and head out approach to girls. But in high school, as hard as he tried, he never could find a girl he felt attracted to. He thought they were pretty, yes. Some might make cool girlfriends, if he could have that. But sex? No.

 

Late May, junior year, Sam comes home to find Dean washing the impala. No shirt, no shoes, shorts so short that he has to have borrowed them from a girlfriend. The pale skin and sun-golden hair against the inky gleam of the impala makes Sam stop and stare. Then Dean turns to say hi and his eyes are sparkling green with summer happiness, and Sam has to stammer out some bad excuse about an English test before locking himself in the bathroom to figure out what the heck is happening to him.

 

Sam grew up sheltered. He knew he was different, that he didn't quite relate to people the way his only role models did, but he had no idea what he was supposed to do instead. Talking to Bobby helped, a little, but it wasn't until he went to college that he started to really understand. College has classes and organizations and a bunch of other people all questioning the same things Sam was, and that helped Sam so much when it came time to figure himself out. 

In one of the classes he took, he met Tyson Brady. Brady reminded him a little of the beautiful brother he'd left behind, the one he was barely speaking to now, and he thought maybe he'd get that spark back. It didn't work quite the way Sam had expected. Brady wasn't the one. Sam realized that when he started to realize Brady was a bit of an asshole. But Brady did do one really good thing for Sam, even after turning into a complete jackwagon. Brady introduced Sam to Jessica Moore. 

Jess was beautiful, and fierce, and fun, and didn't take it hard at all when Sam's response to her flirting was to tell her he was asexual. She asked if he was aromantic, too, and Sam realized that his old reasons for not ever finding a girlfriend no longer mattered. He wasn't the hunter anymore. So he tried, and Jess was amazing. He fell in love, and one night, when Jess started pulling back, he pulled her back in.

Jess was confused. To be fair, so was Sam. But he was definitely feeling the sexual attraction he'd only felt once before. Next time he went to an LGBT meeting, he brought it up with