's definitely worth playing the game. His only regret is that he won't get to keep his brother all to himself, because it seems like a damn shame to have some girl be the one putting her hand on the swell of Dean's ass under those thin pants.

Still, Dean really wants this, and Sam's not about to deny him. They made a pact - no one else unless we're together  - and even if Sam would really rather they just went with the 'no one else' part, he doesn't expect Dean to change overnight. Plus, however much Sam wants to insist it's unnecessary, his brother's determination to experience everything before his year is up holds a strange sort of fascination.

Besides, Sam thinks when Dean introduces him to the twins, he does kind of miss tits. And wow, these are some  tits being offered up for their joint admiration, full and pert and just begging to be squeezed. However much he wants his brother - and god, he wants him a lot - it is a fact that Sam does actually like girls.

'... and this is Stephanie.' Dean elbows him in the ribs and Sam comes back to himself with a start. His brother gives him a look and he realises that, true to his word, Dean's waiting for him to claim a date.

'Nice to meet you, girls.' Sam gives them both his most disarming smile and hope they just think he's a little shy. 'Why don't you sit in back with me, er, Stephanie?'

'Stephie,' she simpers, and crap, he really should have been paying attention during the introductions. He bets he's picked the Britney wannabe and left Dean with the brain surgeon.

'So... Stephie.' Sam holds the door of the Impala open for her. 'What do you do?'

'I'm a canine beauty and well-being specialist,' she says.

Nice tits, Sam thinks desperately.

'That sounds fascinating,' he says out loud.

 

'Dude, what's this?' Dean hisses, poking at something green and slimy on his plate.

'Not diner food or Twinkies,' Sam says with a straight face. Watching Dean try to cope with the exceedingly nouveau style of cookery this restaurant offers has almost been enough to make this evening worth it.

'Hey, Sammy.' Stephanie returns from the bathroom and plasters her freshly applied lipstick across his cheek.

'It's Sam,' he mutters, but she doesn't notice, just pulls her chair a little closer to him as she sits down.

'Did you miss me?' she asks brightly.

'Oh, like you wouldn't believe.' Sam forces a smile. Almost worth it.

Across the table, Stephanie's twin - Erika-with-a-k, it turns out  - leans in to whisper something to Dean. Predictably, he takes advantage of the motion to put his hand on her knee and look none-too-subtly down her top.

Sam drags his attention back to his own date, who launches into yet another story about some fabulous party she and her sister went to (it turns out dog-grooming is a vocation, or something  - their daddy has more than enough money to pay for their fabulous clothes and meals like this every night and just about anything else they care to ask for). He can practically feel his brain trickling out of his ears.

Doing this for Dean, he reminds himself.

Erika is all over Dean by the time they leave the restaurant, wrapping her arm around him and groping his ass like they're in a sleazy bar instead of the extremely expensive establishment this actually is.

'Thanks for dinner, Sam.' Stephanie's voice is right by his ear, which would have made him jump out of his skin if her hand on his ass hadn't already achieved that.

'Oh, no need to thank us,' Sam says, using the pretext of holding open the car door to dodge out of her reach. Technically, it's one Mr J. Rudess she should be thanking, anyway.

'Well, ladies, can we give you a ride home?' Dean flashes a brilliant smile and installs Erika in the front seat before Sam has a chance to call shotgun.

It makes sense, Sam reminds himself, given the whole purpose of this evening. He submits to Stephanie's attempt to work her hand up his thigh, but at the last minute he lets his own hand fall heavy in his lap,   and she's not quite brazen enough to move it aside.

When Dean pulls up at the girls' apartment, he jumps out of the car to hold the door open for Erika, and glares at Sam until he does the same for Stephanie.

Erika invites them in for coffee, and Sam's just about to bite the bullet and agree when he hears Dean say, 'Naw, we gotta get back. Thanks for a lovely evening, ladies.'

Dean's in the car and restarting the engine before Sam's