as he placed the pizza order.   Sam had switched over to working on an English essay by the time the pizza arrived.  Cas jumped up at the knock.  Sam grabbed plates and Dean got another round of Cokes.

“Hey, did you show Sammy your drawing?” Dean asked around a mouthful of pizza.

“No, but he’s seen some anyway, apparently one of my former teachers kept the maps I did to annoy her,” Castiel said.  “He was busy with homework and I was sketching.”

“You gotta show him the one of the angel fight, it’s great,” Dean said.

“Some other time.  I don’t have that book with me.”  Castiel looked a bit uncomfortable as he picked up his statistics book to resume practicing.

 

Cas left around 9:30, and Sam threw his empty Coke can at Dean.  “You could have warned me that Cas is, like, perfect.”

“Perfect?  What…”  Dean stared at Sam.  “Cas ain’t perfect.  Cas is in fact very far from perfect.”

“Really.  Brains, artistic, athletic, good looks… how is he not perfect?” Sam demanded.

Dean shot Sam a weirded-out look.  “Complete lack of social skills?  Awkwardness?  I love the guy, but he is a total nerd.”

“He seemed perfectly fine to me…” Sam said.

Dean snorted.  “Yeah, well, you’re a nerd too.”

 

Cas dropped his bag in his room.  “Off-limits, you ass,” he reprimanded himself.  He pulled out his book and flipped open to the sketch he’d done of Sam.  The boy was attractive, no doubt about that.  And between Dean’s rambling and his own conversation with Sam, he knew the boy was highly intelligent.  Athletic, with good stamina.  And there was something about him that Cas could only describe as sweet.  In short, Sam Winchester needed to come with a warning label.

Anna poked her head in.  “Cas?  Where’ve you been?  Naomi was by looking for you, and Gabriel freaked because he didn’t know what to tell her.”

“I wish Michael would just give up already and call off the goons,” Castiel said, closing the sketchbook.  “What did Gabriel tell her?”

“He went with the truth – that he had no idea where you were,” Anna said.  “Just bugged him that he couldn’t do his usual tricks.”

“I was at a friend’s house studying.  Okay?”

Anna reached out and swatted his head.  “Of course it’s okay, you don’t answer to us.  It’s just that it’s a lot easier to cover for you if we know where not to send them.  I don’t understand why Michael still thinks there’s even a small possibility that Gabriel will change his mind after three years and decide to help.”

Cas does pole vaulting because it means he gets to fly.  Yes, that is the entire behind-the-scenes reason.  He fell in love with math in geometry because I've watched Carl Sagan's Cosmos one time too many and I liked the explanation that Johannes Kepler did a lot of his stuff because he believed that through geometry, man could discover the mind of God.

Sam answered the knock at the door, caught off-guard to see Cas there.  “I’m sorry to come by unexpectedly, but I had to get out of my home.  They’re unlikely to look for me here.”

“No problem,” Sam said, stepping back to let Cas in.  “Dean’s not here, though, he took Bela to a movie.”

Cas nodded as he slipped off his shoes.  “I was fairly certain he had plans with Bela today, that’s not a problem.  I believe I owe you a look at my artwork, though.”

Sam knew the grin was stupid, but he couldn’t help it.  Cas had come over to hang out with him!  “Oh, well, you don’t have to show me, but I’d love to see it.”

Cas settled in on the couch while Sam got drinks.  Once Sam was seated next to him, he held out a book open to a drawing of two angels fighting each other.  “This is the one Dean was talking about.  It’s the final battle in the War of Heaven, when Michael cast Lucifer into the cage of Hell.”

Sam examined the picture closely.  Both figures radiated power, and Michael seemed to glow while Lucifer was in shadow.  But what really caught Sam’s attention was the overwhelming sense of grief and loss.  “This is usually portrayed as a triumph, isn’t it?  The victory of God and goodness over the darkness and evil?”

“That is the typical interpretation,” Cas agreed.  “But Michael and Lucifer were God’s two first-created, and the two most powerful.  It always seemed to me that they would either be constantly fighting, or they would love each other fiercely.