at this.” You tease again getting up and closer to Sam. You ran two hands into his hair and face. His eyes level with your chest in the motel airless chair. 

“Yea, well your underwear looks childish.” Sam fired back smiling as your cheeks turned pink then he saw your hickey. His body tensed again his hands naturally wrapping around to the back of your legs. 

“Speaking of how was your face ride?” Sam smirked raising his bushy brows.

“Do you really want to know?” You ask seriously the hint of lust in your voice. Your hands tugging lightly on his hair making his eyes turn a darker shade in his own desire.

“That is why I asked _____.” Sam said almost a whisper against your neck and ear. 

“Then when I ride your face I’ll tell you all about it.” You smile from ear to ear biting your lip as you take the rum bottle from Sam. You take a long deep swig from it watching Sam’s sad lust filled face through the bottle. You stop with a wince and a deep sigh giving Sam the bottle back so that you can flop onto your bed for the night. Dean walked out of the bathroom looking 100 times better. He even smirked at you lying there all over the bed as he sat down with Sam at the table.

“What are we having to night Sammy?” Dean questioned staring a little too long at the sweet pussy he just ate out in the car. You tasted amazing nothing like any hoe he had ever tasted before, so fresh, almost like a virgin. He squinted at you licking his lips as he grabbed the bottle of rum.

“You got any beer? I don’t want to get this fucked up.” Dean said setting the bottle down as you rolled to your right side hiding the hickey from him still. 

“Of course, but you might want to get that fucked up.” Sam whispered to Dean while they both look over the curves of your body laying out on the bed just for them.

“Wait is that my shirt?” Sam asked after downing the rest of his 2nd rum and coke. 

“Nope. It is mine now.” You giggle again turning on your stomach to hide the designs on the front. Dean cracked open a beer sipping it noisily making you giggle yet again. 

“Why does she keep giggling like a 5 year old?” Dean blurted out his still drunk mind trying not to just stare at how your ass is directly in front of him. He wanted nothing more than to pull down your pants and shove his thick cock balls deep inside of you until you scream.

“Because she is really drunk Dean.” Sam smiled standing up from his chair to come around to the right side of the bed to roll you over to the front of your body.

“The question is how fucked up.” Sam almost moaned seeing you in his shirt under him.  His hand reached out touching the bottom of his shirt slowly bringing it over your smooth stomach. You didn’t try to stop him just looked up at his smiling face with a sleepy looking smirk. He gets it higher almost to your breast you bite your lip trying to figure out why the little voice in your head was telling you to do something. You felt colder than before, then you felt warm again, you cried out in pleasure. 

“Dean, you want some fun?” Sam asked gently rubbing your breast watching your face struggle with if you like this or not.

“She is too drunk Sam?” Dean said standing up next to come to the other side. He was watching your face and Sam going down to suck on your hard nipples. Then he saw it your massive hickey from the guy earlier. Now Dean was pissed he climbed onto the bed grabbing your face and making you look at him.

“_____ how are you feeling baby doll?” Dean asked his finger going to your purple neck.

“This feels good.” You mummer your eyes never meeting Dean’s for more than a few seconds. Sam was switching between nipples suck and licking on them. 

“Do you know what is happening?” Dean asked you again making sure you weren’t going to regret this. You just nod your head yes. Your head fell back to the bed letting Sam and Dean do whatever they wanted to you.

“Sam, I don’t know.” Dean sighed his better judgment telling him not to do this. Then your hand reached out and touched his face lightly pulling him to your mouth. His firm lips pressed into yours with a deep moan. His held you face to his while Sam moved down your body already opening your legs with his knees. 

“Since you don’t know I’m going first then.” Sam grunted taking his clothes off as he rubbed your clit watching your slow body arch and into Dean’s mouth. Sam pulled down your underwear and pulled down your pj pants throwing them across the room like. You were still wet from or orgasm never having a chance to clean up earlier. Then Sam remembered the guy from the bar. He pushed Dean away from your