pulled back from yet another kiss with that same insecure stare he had developed lately, Castiel caught his head between his palms and turned him so that their eyes met, azure blue to forest green.

"Dean Winchester," he asked with a gentle smile and a shake of his head. "What is it about me that still scares you after all these years?"

"It's not you, Cas," Dean answered softly. "It's me I'm afraid of."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, look at me, Cas. I'm starting to get old now. I don't turn heads like I used to. Hell, I haven't since I hit about thirty-five. And I'm not gonna be getting any prettier. Can you honestly say you're still gonna love me when I'm old and gray, even though you'll still look exactly like you do now?"

"What kind of question is that?" Castiel asked, pulling away from Dean and crossing his arms with a scowl. "Of course I'll love you then. Dean, you've seen me in more hideous ways than any person should ever have to see an angel. And yet you still love me, don't you?"

"Of course I do, Cas," he answered earnestly. "God, you know I do."

"Then there's nothing to question. Your body's age doesn't mean anything to me, Dean; it's your soul I'm in love with. And I'll love you until time itself ceases to pass."

Dean gave him a tiny smile and sank back into his embrace.

"I hope you're right about that, Cas."

Castiel had not been lying. His love for Dean never diminished, even as the hunter's body began to slowly fail him. It was little things at first; gray hair turning white, wrinkles deepening, a constant soreness in the joints that had all been so abused for the first three decades of his life. Cas supported him through it all, healing the pain where he could and offering soft hands and a warm embrace where he could not.

Sam and his family were always there for them too, a constant presence that kept Dean younger than Castiel alone could ever have done. Dean loved seeing his nieces, and when they grew up and had kids of their own, he was there for every birthday, every sports game, and he even coached one of his great-nephews' baseball teams for a while, until he threw his back out one too many times doing it. He taught them the easy things, like how to shoot a gun or how to stick up for themselves at school, and also the hard things, like how to be a good person and help others even when no one else around seemed to be doing the same. That one, he credited entirely to Castiel's tutelage.

After Dean unexpectedly had a heart attack at age sixty-five, it was Sam who offered Castiel a shoulder to cry on, letting him vent his worries to the younger Winchester so he could remain strong and supportive for his temporarily bedridden husband. When he did visit Dean, he could see that same look in his eyes as he had twenty years ago, that look that asked Castiel if he still thought the human before him was beautiful. All Castiel could do then was smile and reassure him, but as soon as he was sure Dean was healthy enough, he had held him close and made love to him, more passionately than either of them had done in years. It brought a spark back to the old hunter's eye, and it wasn't half bad for the angel, either.

As Castiel watched his beloved age through the years, he felt great sadness at knowing that soon Dean would have to leave this world behind. Time flew so quickly for an angel, it seemed he scarcely breathed before another fifteen years had gone. Carla had passed away five years ago, leaving Sam and his daughters and grandchildren to grieve her loss. Dean and Castiel had been there for him then, and Dean effortlessly stepped back into the big brother position he'd relinquished for so long, holding Sammy close and stroking his long gray hair while he hiccuped and sobbed into Dean's shoulder.

Not long after that, Dean began to forget the things he had known all his life. Knowledge about hunting, the names of friends and family, even the memories of Hell and the sacrifices he'd made for his family and the world as a whole – all of them began floating away, pouring out like sand through an hourglass. Castiel and Sam watched with sorrow as he forgot even the most basic things; where he'd left his keys, their address, and eventually even how to drive his beloved Impala, which he'd dutifully kept in perfect condition all these years. It wasn't until he fell down the front steps of the bunker and ended up hospitalized that they both realized just how fragile the once mighty hunter had