something in an uncharacteristically weak voice. That sent off alarm bells in his head immediately; was he drunk, or was it something else?

"Dean?" he called, rapping the door three times with his knuckles and hoping his brother was just suffering the effects of a little too much booze. "You alright?"

A moment of silence, and then:

"S-Sammy… Help… Need help… Please, Sammy…"

That was all the motivation Sam needed. He opened the door as quickly as he could, glad all of the doors in the bunker opened outward when he saw how close to the door his older brother was sitting. It took less than a second to realize that Dean looked absolutely terrible. His face was pale and clammy, making his stubble appear darker than ever, and deep gray circles stood out prominently under his wide eyes. He was bent double over his knees, one hand pressed against his sternum and the other keeping him from falling face-first into the carpet.

"What's wrong, Dean? Are you hurt?" He knelt down beside his brother, checking him for fever despite the pallor of his skin.

"My chest…" Dean said breathily. He groaned and swallowed hard, staring blearily at Sam and clutching his shirt in his fist as he futilely tried to ease some of the agony behind his breastbone. "I think I need a hospital, Sam. This feels like a… a heart attack…"

"You sure?" Sam asked, praying this was some kind of sick joke. He knew his brother wasn't one for these kinds of pranks, but the timing of this seemed almost too perfect to be real. Honestly, what were the odds that his brother's healthy heart would start acting up right after Sam – hopefully metaphorically – had done his best to break it?

Dean nodded, continuing to pant when Sam slid a hand flat beneath his to feel the rapid heartbeat hammering in his chest. "Had two in… my life, remember? Both of 'em felt… a lot like this…" He whimpered softly, then, clutching at Sam's jacket when the larger man moved to stand up. "Sam, what're you – don't l-leave me here!" he gasped out, his voice shaking terribly.

"I'll be right back, Dean. I promise," Sam said, feeling his own voice threaten to crack at the raw fear in Dean's words; he really did think Sam was going to leave him for dead. "Just wait here." He didn't give his brother time to retort, instead rushing out of the room and running down the hall, snatching a bottle of aspirin from the bathroom and his phone from the bedside table. He had already dialed 911 by the time he got back to Dean's room, and he popped open the bottle of aspirin and shook two out into his hand while he waited for them to answer.

"Here, chew these up," he said, pressing the pills against Dean's lips and making sure he did so as the dispatcher finally picked up. "Yes, I think my brother might be having a heart attack," he said in a voice that was surprisingly steady, all things considered. "Thirty-five. I just found him here, so I don't – hold on. How long has your chest been hurting, Dean?"

"Maybe… fifteen, twenty minutes?" Dean answered, trying to stand and grunting in pain when it just made his chest throb again.

"Hey, stay still!" Sam hissed, pulling Dean over to lean heavily against him before turning his attention back to the woman on the phone. "About twenty minutes. Trouble breathing?" That question was apparently meant for Dean again, and the older Winchester nodded, still panting harshly as he tried not to vocalize his pain and fear. "A little bit. Yeah, I just gave him two aspirin. No, I'll drive him there. It'll take them too long to find us," he answered when the dispatcher offered to send an ambulance. "Okay. Okay, thanks."

"What'd… they say?" Dean asked, hoping that talking would distract him just a little from how scared he was right now. Freaking out with an already elevated heart rate was probably not good.

"The docs in the ER'll be waiting when we get there," Sam said, for once cursing the fact that the bunker was a place that had to be kept secret. He'd feel much better if the paramedics could take over, since they were better equipped for this kind of thing. "Come on. No time to waste." He bent down and picked up Dean's full weight, carrying him bridal-style. What really frightened him was that Dean let him; he didn't even try to protest as Sam hauled him out to the garage, seated him in the Impala, and tore off down the street as fast as he could without killing them both.

He kept up a steady stream of pointless babble the entire