that he is currently ignoring his plea. That Dean reached out for something, and Castiel is not doing his duty to answer. Dean deserves better.

He sighs and throws his pencil onto the desk, running a hand through his hair before reaching out to grab the phone, dialing a number he’s ashamed to know by heart, though he’s never used it before. He clutches that heart now as it hammers wildly, imagining the way another phone rings on the other side of town.

"Singer's Salvage," says a breathless voice, and he bites his lip to keep his mind from running away with that, "how can I help you?"

"Hello, Dean," Castiel says, surprised at the levity in his voice.

"Father Novak! Hi, I mean hello, uh, what can I do for you?"

"Dean, I'm ashamed to say that I just recently found the note you left me."

"Oh! Oh, I, well I wondered, uh, what had happened to it. I know how busy you are, but you hadn't mentioned..."

"I apologize that it took me so long. I'm certainly available to come by, so I wanted to see when it would be convenient for you."

"You could...come by this evening? After six?" 

"Of course, Dean."

"Thank you, Ca...Father."

He replaces the handset into the cradle, sitting back in his chair to stare at the ceiling, eyes following a crack in the plaster to where it tapers off. The die is cast now, and he'll follow that to its inevitable conclusion as well. Clearly, the burden of his unrequited affection is too much for Dean to bear, and he respects him too much to force him to carry it any longer. He closes his eyes as he pictures that beloved face, and knows that Dean deserves so much more.

If only he wanted it from Castiel.

* * *

He’s tried to brace himself for this moment, but though the hours of the day passed by at a leisurely pace it feels as though it's come too soon. Castiel is still not ready as he drives to the salvage yard at the edge of town, fingers gripping the steering wheel so tightly that they ache. 

Dean lives in a house adjacent to the property, all of it left to the Winchester brothers when the man who raised them retired and left town before Castiel came. He's never met the younger brother, Sam, who went to California long ago for college and never came back; Castiel has never pressed Dean for where their parents are, but he's gleaned enough to know that it's a sore subject. 

He knows that Dean had a woman who lived with him until recently, but apparently that relationship ended and he currently lives alone in the house. Castiel is grateful there won't be anyone else to witness his disappointment, that he'll only have to school his features for one person until the time he can retreat and be alone with his sorrow.

He pulls his worn Lincoln Continental onto the winding dirt road that leads back to Dean's house, and sooner than he would like he's parking behind the black beast of a Chevy that Dean drives. He sits for a moment, listening to the ticking of the engine as it cools, and then forces himself to exit the car and walk up the steps to the door, where he knocks loudly.

"Dean? It's Father Novak."

The door opens and Dean gives him a smile that doesn't reach his eyes as he gestures for him to enter, closing the door behind him. Castiel has never been here before, so he tries not to stare at his surroundings as he follows Dean into a room that looks like a library. 

"Won't you sit down, Father?" Dean says, gesturing to a couch under the windows. Castiel hesitates for a moment before moving to sit on one end, keeping his feet flat on the floor, his hands splayed on his knees to hide their shaking. Dean leans against the desk, hands in his pockets as he looks at the floor but doesn't speak, so Castiel clears his throat as he wonders where to begin.

"I apologize again for not getting your note in a more timely fashion. You should not have had to wait so long for my counsel."

"Counsel. Right." Dean looks torn about something, rubbing the back of his neck, and Castiel feels a cold trickle down the back of his spine. Is Dean mocking him? 

"Obviously something is weighing on you so much that you couldn't even speak of it in church. I'm here to help you now, Dean, however I can. I hope it's not too late." He swallows, trying to be attentive but not stare as he waits for the shoe to drop.

"I'm finding it difficult to put it into words. I thought, well, I thought you might already know why I asked you to come."

"I