his brain.  “Like this time we were in Minnesota in January and I had to walk home from school because Dad had called Dean for a bailout.  It was days before I was properly warm again.”

“That’s odd.”  Castiel reached out and placed a hand against his forehead.  “Just a minute ago, you were radiating so much heat I could feel it from over here.”

“Huh.”

Castiel slid his arm underneath Sam, pulling him up against his body.  Although he couldn’t see it, Sam could feel the weight of Castiel’s wing as it wrapped around him.  His immediate reaction was to flinch, but he immediately reached out to stroke the wing.  It wasn’t Castiel’s wing he was scared of.

“I see.”  Castiel brought a hand up to run through Sam’s hair.  “Lucifer or Gadreel?”

“Lucifer.  Gadreel doesn’t… I was dreaming of being dragged to Hell, which has nothing to do with Gadreel, and the cold is a Lucifer thing too.”

“You know you’re never going back there, right?”

Sam laughed weakly and pressed in tighter against Castiel.  “Let’s see.  You’d never let me, Billie’s said she’s sticking my soul out in the great empty somewhere so no one can find it to bring it back, Crowley doesn’t want me down there because I keep making a mess of things… yeah, I know.”

“Even if none of that were true, your soul doesn’t belong there.”

“My boyfriend and brother keep telling me that, but I don’t know.  Honestly, Billie’s idea sounds like the way to go.  Aside from you, Heaven doesn’t like me much either, and I have a tendency to screw it up…”

“Not nearly as much as I have.  You’ve got a much better shot at returning to Heaven than I do.”

“And there’s that.  Heaven’s not Heaven if you and Dean aren’t there with me.”

“You’d never know you didn’t really have me.  Dean, yes, but you’d be content with memories and projections of me.”

“No, I wouldn’t.”  Sam reached out and ran his fingers over Castiel’s wing, causing the angel to shiver a little.  “But honestly, I think Billie would be perfectly happy to find me and Dean a little corner of nowhere to hang out together, and you could come with us, and we’d all be at rest.”

“God and Amara would probably overrule Billie and find you a place in Heaven.  They like you.”

“They like Dean.”

“And you.”

“Not me.  Too much blood on my name, thanks to Lucifer.”

“No, Sam.  The blood Lucifer spilled is on his own name.  Same with Azazel, and Amara.  God trusted you with the Mark of Cain even after seeing what it did to Lucifer.  To Dean.  What better endorsement could there be?”

“Someone had to take the mark if we were going to seal Amara away.  No big loss if the ab…”  Sam felt Cas’s hand go still and decided to rephrase.  “If I go bad, because I’m already halfway there?”

Cas slapped a hand into Sam’s forehead, flooding him with warmth.  He pulled away, storming out of the room.  The expected door slam never came, though, as Cas took the time to make sure it closed quietly.  Somehow, that was even worse.

Sam got to his feet.  He was still cold, but now, there was something way more important to focus on.  He found Castiel in the library, reading… “Is that the Bible?  I thought you had that thing hardcoded into your brain.”

Castiel looked up briefly before returning his attention to what he was reading.  “Go back to bed, Sam.  You need sleep.”

“I will, I promise.  But you’re pissed at me, and I’d like to know why.”

“I love you, Sam.  I do.  And I’m coming back to bed too, once I’ve calmed down.  It’s just very frustrating to see you do this to yourself, knowing I can’t stop you.  Knowing that it’s so much a part of you that if you did change it, somehow, you wouldn’t be the man I love.”

“What is it?”

“I was watching something this morning about a criminal who had paid his debt to society and yet was still struggling to be treated like a human being.  When will your debt to society be paid, Sam?  You’ve done bad things.  I won’t deny that.  But I would think anyone would say that the things you’ve been through are enough.  You’ve suffered for the things you’ve done.  You’ve suffered for things you didn’t do, but accepted the suffering because someone had to.  And you’ve done it