as friendly as he could when Sam introduced the two, and Dean’s natural charm had worked what seemed like a miracle.

And now, two hours later, Sam felt like the third wheel on Dean’s date.  It wasn’t an unfamiliar feeling.  There were a lot of times when Dean and Sam snuck into bars together and Sam ended up being abandoned for some beautiful girl or hot dude.  He’d always been a little annoyed, but he’d never been jealous of it.  So the jealousy here was unfamiliar, and Sam had spent the better part of a half hour trying to figure out why this time was different.

By the time he was done thinking, he’d figured it out, and he wasn’t sure he liked it.  Not that there was anything wrong with Castiel, mind you.  No, the problem was, as usual, Sam.  It wasn’t his first crush, it wasn’t even the first one who he’d had to watch respond to Dean’s flirting.  But Castiel was different, somehow.  Maybe it was that they’d been friends for months.

Of course, it’s not like he could ever be good enough for Castiel.  Dean had the sort of confidence and charisma that overcame those differences.  Sam didn’t.  So while Sam might, one day, with hard work and stubbornness, make something of himself, he’d never be comfortable with people like Castiel’s family.  Castiel himself excepted, and Anna maybe.  He’d worked at a restaurant catering to them for too long to believe that they’d ever see him as more than the Kansas boy he was.

Sam was snapped out of his self-pitying thoughts by the return of Cas and Dean with another round.  “Sammy, come on, put the textbook away,” Dean complained as he set Sam’s beer right on top of the open page.  “He always like this, Cas?”

“Yes.  Of course, usually I’m studying as well,” Castiel said.

Sam looked up and moved the beer off to one side.  “Have fun learning how to play pool, Cas?”  It didn’t surprise him that Dean had already nicknamed the guy, but it did surprise him that Castiel seemed to be going along with it.

“Your brother is a good teacher,” Castiel said, completely missing the point.

Dean hadn’t.  He shot Sam a skeptical glance.  “Cas is a good student.  He picked things up exceptionally quick.  I didn’t know better, I’d think I was getting hustled.”

“Well, you’re the expert,” Sam said.  Somehow, that just made things worse.  Dean had picked up on the fact that Cas already knew how to play and kept teaching him anyway.  “Why’d you call me, after all this time?”

Dean blinked.  And then again.  “You’re my little brother and I missed you?”

“Yeah.  You missed me so much you waited an entire year to call.  That makes sense.  And then when you are here you take off to play pool.”  Sam slammed his textbook closed.

“Honestly?  After the way I never picked up for you, I figured you wouldn’t pick up for me,” Dean said sheepishly.  “Like I said on the phone, I’m an idiot.  I hadn’t planned on calling until Dad called and asked me to go to Modesto for a job, which by the way wasn’t that phone call a surprise.  Then I figured if I can swallow my pride enough to be civil to Dad, I should be able to do it to at least try to make things right with you.”

“What, Dad sent you to Modesto so he wouldn’t have to be anywhere near me?” Sam asked, acid dripping from his voice.  This is one he hadn’t told Cas about.  He’d said that his mom was dead and his dad was an asshole and that was it as far as family other than Dean was concerned.

Dean took a long gulp of his beer.  “Actually, that’s pretty much right.  Don’t know what his problem is, but he’s still holding on to that fight.  I’m only a slightly better choice – he’s not actually pissed at me, just so disappointed that I picked you over him that he doesn’t wanna see me.”

“What happened?” Castiel asked softly.  “What could you have done that would still have your father so angry three years later?”

“Killed my mom and then left for college,” Sam said bitterly.

“You did not kill Mom,” Dean said, reaching across the table to slap the back of Sam’s head before turning to face Castiel.  “Mom died when Sam was just a baby.  Our house caught fire, some shoddy wiring had finally frayed enough to spark, and Mom tried to save Sam.  I wasn’t quite five yet, but I’ll never forget the ceiling caving in like that