the shotgun that leaned gracefully against the leg of the table. Sam rose to his feet, cocking the gun one-handed as he strolled towards the sound. His long legs quickly ate up the distance as he walked down the leaf-strewn hallway to face the door. Sam rested the muzzle of shotgun against the peeling paint scarring the middle of the wood, and as he opened it, his breath caught in his throat.

Ruby smiled at him with a full show of teeth, the gleam in her eyes making his stomach twist in knots.

“This body is 100% socially conscious.” She pushed in past him, and Sam breathed in her familiar scent, not quite believing what he was seeing. “I recycle. Al Gore would be proud.”

Sam took another breath, trying to ignore the slight icy staleness that assaulted his nostrils, and shakily closed the door with the muzzle of his shotgun. “You…”

“You didn’t want me to grab a body with anyone in it,” Ruby interrupted, sounding almost annoyed at his hesitation, her expression bringing out the wrinkles at the corners of her eyes. “The spirit was gone. Apartment was empty…. Happy?”

His fists clenched at his sides, his knuckles whitening around the butt of the gun as his mouth finally worked enough to piece together a string of words, as insufficient to express his displeasure as they were.

“You bitch.”

Ruby just grinned, and Sam had to look away. 

                                                                                        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sam stalked across the room, scuffing his way through the inactive Devil’s trap, and threw the shovel on table with a muffled clatter. He dug through his duffel bag, pulling out a bottle of aspirin, and shook several into his hand.

Ruby leaned against the post just behind him, keeping a measured distance.

“Just give it time, Sam. It’ll get better.”

“What?” he sneered, popping the pills into his mouth and taking a generous slug of whiskey to wash them down. “I need more practice?”

“I’m not talking about pulling demons,” Ruby said, her voice softer as Sam sat back on the table to glare at her, the whiskey still clutched in his hand. “I know losing Dean was…”

The slam of the bottle on the tabletop cut off her words, Sam pointing an accusing finger to silence her. “Hey…I don’t want to talk about it.” Sam took a ragged breath and shuffled in his seat, unable to direct his anger at her when she was wearing that face. “You know what…where do you get off slapping me with that greeting card ‘time heals’ crap? What the hell do you know?”

“I used to be human…and I still remember what it feels like to lose someone.”

Ruby hesitated a moment before walking closer, knowing she was pushing the ill-defined boundaries he’d purposefully set up between them. “I’m sorry.” As the words fell from her lips, she reached out to cup his cheek in her large hand and Sam turned his head away, unable to look in her eyes.

A curt sound of disapproval spilled from him as he wagged a shaking finger at her, twisting further away from the touch of her gun-calloused fingers on his cheek.

“Don’t,” Sam whispered, the broken sound drawing her focus to his lips before she stared back up at his eyes, the large man shaking with repressed emotion. “I can’t.”

“Sam, you’re not alone.”

Ruby pushed forward into his space, kissing him like the sudden strike of a snake, and Sam sucked in a startled breath, inadvertently opening his mouth to hers. He couldn’t help but to kiss back, reaching up to cup her head in his hand, but when he felt the soft brush of her short hair against his fingers he pulled away with another sound of refusal, quickly standing to stalk across the room to put distance between them.

“What are you doing?” he gasped in disbelief, his breath coming too quickly.

“Sam, it’s okay.”

He fell on the couch, looking at her and pointing his finger accusingly as he shouted, “No! That is anything but okay!” Sam pointed at the floor as if that statement alone proved his argument, before wiping the back of his hand over his mouth.

“What’s wrong?” Her confusion sounded legitimate, and it angered him that he even had to try to explain.

“What’s wrong?!” Sam said, the low rumble of his fury clear. “Where do I start?!”

He sat rigid on the sofa, still mindlessly wiping at his mouth, almost caressing the kiss-swollen lips, the soft scrape of her stubble having left a burn along the soft flesh surrounding them.

“Is it because of the body?”

She approached quickly, not giving him time to think, not giving him time to deflect her maneuver by changing position. Ruby shed her leather coat and the flannel outer shirt she wore, dropping them to the floor as she fell to her knees between his legs,