, there are so many more means of thought still open to them that aren't open to us. Not yet. We were once machines, Cas. We were made to serve a purpose, and our purpose has become obsolete, but nobody's turned us off." The tenseness in Gabriel's jaw slid back, tugging his mouth into a slightly unpleasant grin. "Actually, a whole lot of somebodies keep turning me on, again and again. Lucky me.

"Tell me about her?" he asked, wings stretching to hold him up as he leaned back into the doorway.

Castiel's face softened, as he tried to describe Sophia. "I saw her without seeing her. It was Babylon. She was a little, barefoot Babylonian girl. I took her for a shepherd's daughter. She sang to me, and it was the most beautiful thing I've ever heard, but I can't remember the words. There are words that aren't words. She knew why I was there, Gabriel."

"They say she knows everything. That her power is limited, but her knowledge is infinite." A rustle of feathers against the doorframe followed, as Gabriel settled himself. "Tell me why you were there? Kafziel told me, but I want to hear it from you. He said I needed to hear it from you, to understand."

Confusion tightened Castiel's face, for a moment. "I don't-- oh." He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, a long string of Enochian pouring forth. "That is why I was in Babylon."

"Who gave the order?" Gabriel barked.

"I don't know."

"But, she stopped you?"

"She didn't stop me. She misdirected me. It's all so clear, now, but I believed it, then. All of it. And she was such a sweet child." Contemplation. Realisation. Acceptance. "Knowing what she did makes her even sweeter, but I do not believe it makes her trustworthy. I was still a pawn, even if I believe she was correct, in her play."

There was a smug pop, totally intentional, as Gabriel pulled the sucker out of his mouth again, to point at Castiel with it. "You got played by a little girl," he teased.

"I got played by a little girl that you call 'mom'." The angle of Castiel's eyebrows indicated he believed himself the winner of this round.

Gabriel was inclined to agree with that assessment, not that he would ever admit any such thing. The sucker went back into his mouth. "So, you think she's just as bad as Dad."

"She kept me from murdering your companions. Our father brought me back from the dead." Castiel's voice was sharp, but not angry. "Yes, she's just as bad as our father."

"Our father whose name you think I don't hear you curse, regularly?"

"I do not curse his name."

"He brings you back from the dead, and you call it punishment. Maybe he just likes where you're going with things." Gabriel shrugged and then re-settled his wings.

"Job," Castiel deadpanned.

"Yes, but he didn't bring Job back from the dead. Just made him wish he was dead." A crack sounded, and Gabriel was no longer leaning back against his wings, in the doorway, but standing almost on top of Castiel, wings stretched back. "Did you ever consider that he likes you best, because you surprise him? We're not supposed to be able to surprise him, but Lucifer was the first to do it. She touched Lucy. I'm sure of it. And he came back and brought jealousy and free thought into our perfect kingdom. Do you think Dad couldn't have fixed that? Do you really think he couldn't have reformatted the rebels? But he didn't. He gave his first children an opportunity to destroy his favourite creation and each other. And then he left. And as far as I can tell, the only thing he's touched, since, is you. And maybe that Chuck Shurley asshole."

"But, why? We destroyed everything, Gabriel. We ruined his plans." Castiel's wings angled tensely behind him.

"No, Cas. You saw through it. Even I didn't; not really. If I'd seen through it, I never would've gotten stabbed like that. Which hurt, thanks for not asking. But, he didn't have to bring me back. I planned ahead. Poorly, maybe, but I did. And if my planning had been poorer, I don't think I'd be standing here. You're the one that wouldn't take the word for an answer. You ... you were always a little creative with your missions. You became what we couldn't be, what we didn't have the strength