in his eyes.  “Do I wuv hugs?”

Sam glanced at Dean’s shirt and did his best not to laugh.  He failed.  “No.  This time, you’re Daddy’s Little Angel.”

“Oh my god.  Dad would flip.”  Dean looked down at his shirt.  “Wow.  This had to be Mom’s doing.”

“Deano!”  John threw open the door.  Sam couldn’t remember ever seeing his father look that excited about anything.  “Hey, kiddo.  Come on, there’s someone you need to meet.”

“Sure, dad.”  Dean took off, anticipation level high.  Sam followed.  John led them downstairs, where Mary had something squirmy in her arms.  Sam bit his lip.  Was this…?

No.  It wasn’t.  “Dean, come meet Maggie.”  Dean went forward, and a tiny Labrador puppy stuck her nose out.  “Think you can play with her for a bit while your mom and I get her bed and toyes and things from the car?”

Sam didn’t wait around this time.  He couldn’t.  He left.

 

It felt like hours later when Dean caught up with him.  He’d bounced between memories – Dean back from Hell, Sam back from Hell hugging Dean in Bobby’s living room, Dean coming for him at Stanford.  Dean caught up to him in the beautiful room.  “Sammy?  There you are.  You didn’t like Maggie?”

“I didn’t know Maggie had ever existed.”  Dean had a dog.

Dean nodded.  “Yeah.  We only had Maggie for three months.  She got out into traffic, and… I barely remember her myself.  We lost her right around the time Mom found out you were coming.  Dad said we’d get another dog when you were old enough to be taught.”

Dean may have meant it just as an explanation, but Sam took it as an accusation.  “So your little brother screwed up your chance to have a dog.  I’m sorry.”

“Sam, no.  Don’t…”

“Come on, let’s get out of here.  You just killed Zachariah.  Don’t need to remember Michael coming for Adam, thanks.”  Sam threw open the door and headed for the nearest road.  Dean followed.

Once again, the surroundings were unfamiliar to Sam.  He looked around, trying to find something to help him guess, and he saw John.  John as he was when Sam was about nine.  He was trapped, and a spirit was bearing down on him.  “I remember this!”  Dean raised the gun in his hands and fired twice.  While the spirit reformed itself, Dean rushed to John, took the lighter fluid from him, and sprinted for the open grave.

Dean got the lighter out just as the ghost came back, and he threw his gun to John.  It worked out well.  Dean wasn’t as practiced with the lighter, so it took him a couple tries to get it lit.  John took a shot at the ghost, giving Dean time to light the grave up.

“You did good, son,” John said when Dean came to untie him.  “Good work keeping your head in the hunt and not panicking over me.  I’m proud of you.”

Dean couldn’t meet his dad’s eyes as he tried to hide the smile.  “Thanks, Dad.”

Ropes free, John stood up and stretched.  “You okay?  Ready to go get Sammy?”

Now Dean did look up, a smirk on his face.  “Do we have to?”

Sam was looking for the road when the light came for them.

 

Sam’s eyes opened to an impossible sight.  “Cas?  How… it’s good to see you!”  He pulled himself up enough to hug the angel.  “Thanks for the save.  What happened to you?”

“I’m not sure.  A woman, Daphne Allen, found me by the river and took me to her home.  She cared for me for several days.  But when you and Dean were shot, I felt it.  I came to find you.  And when I did… I remembered everything.”  Castiel reached out, placing two fingers to Sam’s forehead.  “Sam, I’m so sorry.  I can’t fix your wall.”

“That’s okay.  I’ll just… I’ve got coping mechanisms.  Don’t worry about me.”  Sam forced a smile and got to his feet.  “Is Dean okay?”

“Yes.  He should be waking any moment now.”

“Good.”  Sam started gathering his stuff, throwing his bags over his shoulder.  “Keep an eye on him, will you?  Tell him I’m all right, this is just me leaving because I’m pissed, not because…”

Cas looked quizzically at him, but Sam took off without further explanation, and he could hear Dean waking up and asking Cas what was going on.  It kept Cas from coming after him.  After three days, he knew he had to