slammed her in the temple with the butt of his shotgun, her head snapping back on her spine as Dean clawed his way out of her momentarily loosening coils.

Once Dean fell safely to the floor, Sam fired from his location, having scrounged up Dean’s lost weapon as he was searching for his own. The shot went wide, sending out a puff of dust from the carved earthen walls. John flipped his shotgun back into position and fired at the lamia’s exposed chest, her silken skin erupting in a spray of red matter as the shell tore open her torso.

“Keep shooting!” John ordered as he emptied his last round into her body, her tail still twitching wildly, sweeping across the floor as if searching for something to grab onto. Sam aimed more steadily, hesitating for only a moment before Dean stood beside him and started emptying his weapon into the lamia’s thrashing form; Sam’s reluctance evaporated with Dean beside him, and he joined Dean with several shots of his own before the lamia finally stilled, her serpent’s coils going limp as the life she’d stolen drained out of her across the earthen floor.

Sam and Dean stood there, panting softly as they stared down at the spreading stain creeping near their boots. John walked up silently behind them, giving them a moment to take it all in before they had to continue on with business. A slight sound, like loose gravel shaking free from the wall came from somewhere behind them, making Dean ask hesitantly, “These things…they don’t hunt in packs, do they?”

“Solitary hunters,” John explained, turning on his heel while reaching into his pockets for more ammo.

The rattling sound came more loudly, echoing off the walls in the small chamber as the men glanced to the shadows trying to find what was causing the noise. The lamia’s last meal twitched oddly, the small body of the child contorting in sharp spasms as the men watched in horror.

John stared at the creature trying to writhe its way across the floor, his heart sinking when he realized what this meant. It hadn’t fully transformed, yet, its legs bound together with a nearly translucent sheath of skin as if its lower body were wrapped in plastic; the alteration seemed to be progressing rapidly from the limp child they’d seen in the lamia’s grasp just a few minutes ago. The rattle at the end of her developing tail set up a steady warning rhythm, whirring melodically as her newly strengthening muscles tried to right her body into something like a kneeling position.

“Baby lamias have rattles?” Dean asked incredulously. “That’s just….”

“Ironic?” Sam replied dubiously.

“No…cute.”

John grimaced as he raised the shotgun, taking the time to aim carefully so that more than one shot wouldn’t be necessary. Dean shoved him aside just as he pulled the trigger, the wild shot sending a chunk of dirt flying at the base of the girl’s coils. “What the fuck do you think you’re doing? She’s a kid!”

John elbowed him back sharply, sending Dean tumbling to the floor with the strength of his push. Sam lurched forward and John glared at him warningly, causing Sam to curb his instinctive reaction to take him down when he saw the look in John’s eyes.

“She wasn’t quite dead when the lamia stopped feeding, so she’s turning. She’s going to be exactly like that thing we just shot.” John closed his eyes for a second, feeling sick, but knowing it was the right thing to do. “The rattle is filled with the bones she’s shedding; she doesn’t need all she’s got anymore. She’s no longer human; if we don’t kill her, she’ll just keep killing kids until someone else stops her.”

Sam helped Dean to his feet, rubbing his hand soothingly along the length of Dean’s arm as his muscles tensed in readiness to take a leap at John. “He’s right, Dean,” Sam admitted softly. “We can’t just leave her here like this.” Sam’s voice stilled Dean in his tracks, making him slump against Sam’s larger body as if seeking solace from the harsh truth.

“Take him out of here, Sam,” John ordered gently, a twinge of guilt making his chest constrict for bringing these boys into this world…again. No matter where he went, he had to fuck things up. Sam nodded in acquiescence, leading a numb Dean down the tunnel.

John waited a few minutes, giving the boys time to put distance between them before reloading his shotgun and walking up to place his gun barrel against the girl’s forehead as she tried to crawl towards him, hissing awkwardly around her newly forming fangs. With a silent prayer to whatever God might be listening, John emptied both rounds into the girl’s skull, blood and brain matter spattering the wall behind her slumped form. 

                                                      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


“What the fuck are you up to, Johnny-boy?” the