couldn’t imagine anything Sam could say that he wouldn’t want to hear.  “Maybe not, but it would help me understand why you’re forgiving Dean so easily.”

“Well, for one thing, you’ve met the guy.  He’s a total charmer.  How could you not like him?”

“In my defense, I thought he was you."  Cas blinked.  "Um.  You know what I mean.  I thought he was the guy I’ve fallen in love with online.”

Finally, Sam looked up.  Finally something pierced through the devastation.  “You… you fell in love with me?”

“Yes. I didn’t realize it was you, though.”

Sam snorted a little.  “I got that.  I sent you the email from my old account because… I was scared to mess up our friendship.  You have no idea how much you’ve meant to me these last few years.  And I fell in love with you, too.”

Castiel smiled and started stroking Sam’s hair.  “So will you tell me what happened?”

It took a few minutes, and Cas had just about given up when Sam started.  “I’ve told you how Dean and I were raised by a paranoid recluse, pretty much isolated?  Home-schooled, after Mom died I didn’t leave the house again until I was fourteen and my brother finally had his own car and could take me for drives?”

“Yeah.  Which is why it hurt so bad when Dean abandoned you, he and your dad were all you’d ever known.”

“We kind of figured the two of us were all we’d ever really have.  I went through the motions of applying to college, but I never thought Dad would actually let me go.  He didn’t let Dean.  So if Dean was all I’d ever have…”

Castiel thought he was getting where this was going.  And he understood why Sam was so reluctant to share the story.  “Why wait until you’d graduated high school?”

“That’s when Dean got his car.  That’s when Dad started letting him leave the house.  We figured that meant Dean was an adult, because he’d finished high school.  So we decided to wait until I was an adult, too.  We knew we’d have to hide it from Dad, but we didn’t think that would be hard… Dean could drive us out to the country or something.  Maybe we could even go on trips that lasted a few days.  Graduation night, Dean got us a fancy hotel room.  I guess Dad traced us there, but I didn’t know.  And Dad was big on dealing with problems by locking them away and never actually talking about them, so he must have figured I was handling it the way he’d taught me so he didn’t have to ask me about it.  Which… I was, just not handling what he thought I was handling.”

“And afterwards, Dean abandoned you without a word.  No wonder you were so distraught by it.”

“It wasn’t Dean’s fault.  None of it was.  Sure, he was older, but I was old enough to know what I was doing and do it because I wanted to, not because Dean made me.  And now…”   Sam laughed.  “Now I have to go to Dad’s funeral tomorrow, and get up in front of the four other people who show up, and say good things about the man who ruined my life because you don’t speak ill of the dead at their own funeral.”

Cas rubbed Sam's back.  “What happens after the funeral?  Are you going to try to reconnect with your brother?”

“Screw after the funeral.  If you weren’t here with me, I’d be chasing him to his motel room.  Now things are a lot more complicated, because I don’t want to lose you, but…”  Sam sniffled a little, but no more tears were coming.

“They don’t have to be complicated.”

“No, they don’t.  But they are.  Because…”  Sam trailed off again.  

“You’re still in love with him.”

“Yeah.  It’s twisted and seven kinds of messed up, but that pretty much defines my life before college, and I can't just shut it off.”

Castiel smiled.  Sam was certainly right about that.  “But you love me.”

“Yes.  And that one there’s nothing messed up about.  Especially now that you know pretty much the last part of my life I was keeping secret from you.  Which should make it easy to choose, wouldn't you think?”

Should make it easy, but clearly, it wasn't.  “Let’s go find Dean.  Together.  See how he feels.  If he makes you choose, we can deal with it then, but I can share.  Seems to run in my family.”

“With my brother?”

Cas shrugged.  “Wouldn’t