you making you cry out louder in fear. 

“Fine Dean. ____ open your mouth wide then put me in your mouth.” Sam said emotionless trying not to freak you out more than you already were. Dean forced your head forward while you opened your mouth taking Sam’s head passed you lips. Your head was forced forward again ramming Sam’s head to the back of your throat.

“You gonna take dick like a pro in all three of your holes by the time I’m done with you bitch.” Dean whispered in your ear forcing your head back and forth on Sam’s shaft. You sobbed around it not wanting to hurt Sam because he was just a prisoner like you. 

“How does she feel Sam does she need to go deeper?” Dean asked pushing your head into Sam’s hips blocking your airway. You started choking making Sam moan lightly from the contraction.

“No Dean she is doing great. You're choking her!” Sam yelled backing away quickly out of your mouth. You gasped for air only being held up by your hair in Dean’s hand. 

“This is your final fucking warning Sam you do as I say or I will start breaking bones on this little bitch’s body.” Dean snarled snapping his finger loudly. You were suddenly face down on the floor with your hands stretched out in front of you. Your wrists held down by thick metal clamps attached to the floor. You shiver feeling colder than before than realizing you were naked with your butt and sex exposed to three strange men. You try to lower your butt finding you were unable to because your knees were glued to the floor wide open. 

“Please don’t!” You sob struggling against the restraints. Dean was in front of you looking at your naked body before stepping on your right hand with his boot. 

“You are not allowed to talk without being told.” Dean sneered applying pressure to your hand. You scream from the hot crushing pain. 

“Yes, sir! I’m sorry sir!” You whimper trying to yank your hand away. He liked your response letting up a little still with his foot over your throbbing fingers. 

“Call me Daddy next time ____, but good answer.” Dean smirked looking up at Sam who was trying not to look at your open pussy.

“Sam show time! Chop, chop!” Dean order clapping his hands in annoyance. You heard Sam walking up behind you before kneeling down his hands lightly touching your hips. 

“She doesn’t want this Dean.” Sam said watching how your body shook in fear. Dean started adding pressure to your hand again making you start to scream in pain.

“Stop Daddy please.” You beg as Sam snarls in frustration pushing his penis inside of your clenched walls. You cry out again in different pain Sam stopping half way inside of your walls. 

“I’m sorry _____.” He whispered shoving the rest of the way. Dean let up on your hand again making you pant from the throbbing digits. Sam pulled out slowly trying to be gentle with your very tight hole.

“Sam, what the hell are you doing?” Dean asked irritation in his voice. 

“I am raping a teenager because my brother is a fucking demon.” Sam said coldly still going very slowly in and out of you.

“What are you 12? Stop playing around and fuck her Sam.” Dean growled stepping on just one of your fingers. 

“She does not want his Dean she isn’t wet.” Sam said trying not to enjoy how your walls tensed every time he passed over your g-spot. 

“I am about to crush her finger with my boot. You have 5 seconds to start fucking her Sam!” Dean mocked adding pressure. You screamed in pain making your walls tighten harder around Sam. 

“4!” Dean yelled as your finger felt like it was about to explode. 

“Just fuck me PLEASE!” You scream in pain trying to back into Sam. His finger instantly clawed into your hips as he rammed your pussy hard. 

“OOH!” You whimper from your cervix sending pain and pleasure through you. Sam pulled out slamming back in all the pushing and pulling make your wrist scrape along the metal clamps. Your walls tightened around him as you kept moaning in pain and deep pleasure. 

“Say she is your little fuck toy Sam talk dirty to her.” Dean ordered squatting down to move hair out of your red face. 

“You are my little fuck toy ____.” Sam said through clenched teeth unhappy about having to do this to such an innocent girl. Yet a part of him was feeding off the embarrassment she felt face down for him. Dean bit his lip snapping his fingers again. You jumped in surprise as you felt vibrations on your clit suddenly. 

“Whaaa.” You moan out the vibrations growing stronger before dimming. 

“Special underwear to help everyone cum.” Dean said waving a remote around in his hand pressing the plus sign increasing the vibrations to unbearable levels. Your legs were shaking in pleasure creating more lube for Sam to fuck you faster. You hear wet slapping sound from Sam fucking your tight hole ramming that