an electric typewriter, with a little screen where the words show up before they're committed to paper. Still, it can't be that hard. 'You're gonna pay me back the money you owe me, you hear? And don't think I'm buying the ribbons, either.'

Sam just beams and carries the typewriter carefully to the counter, waiting with impatience for the clerk to ring it up.

It's a mark of how much Sam wants the damn thing that he doesn't bug Dean about getting it working, just looks at him with wide, hopeful eyes every day when they finish school until Dean caves and starts tinkering. It doesn't take long before Dean's impatient on his own account, because there's something satisfying about working out all the different parts, figuring out which bits are mechanical and just need a little dusting and oiling to move smoothly again, and which have electrical faults and rely on Dean reconnecting loose wires and replacing fuses. It's the screen that gives him the most trouble: the first time he gets the power connected to it the display is marred by dark shadows that won't erase, and for a while Dean's afraid that the only way to fix it will be getting a new one. Then one day he's fiddling with something else and the whole screen goes weird, scrambled letters scrolling by, and somehow he must've stumbled on the fix, 'cause the next time he looks the screen is more or less working how it should.

Finally he gets the thing working, feeds a sheet of paper carefully in and types a few words to test it out before presenting it to Sam.

'Sam Winchester is a dumbass,' Sam reads out, rolling his eyes. He flips Dean off, then surprises him with a sudden quick hug. 'Thanks, man.'

Dean holds on for a second before wrestling his brother into a headlock. 'Best brother ever,' he says smugly.

'Yeah, right,' Sam says. He makes to slip out of Dean's grasp, but Dean's too quick, tickling him with quick jabs to the ribs so Sam's laughing too much to use his strength against his brother.

'Say it,' he says, tickling harder till Sam's squirming and crossing his legs.

'Best - brother - ever,' Sam gasps out, and makes a dash for the bathroom as soon as Dean releases him.

Later, Dean finds a note on his bed. He unfolds it to find neatly typed letters, the last word carefully underlined.

Dean Winchester is a jerk.

In the end, it is Dean who buys a new ribbon for the typewriter.

Sam's habit of questioning everything persists right the way through junior high: every other thing anyone mentions provokes a 'Why?' or a 'How?' until Dad and Dean have both been driven well beyond the limits of their patience. It's just like when Sam was four, except then there was some chance that he could be distracted or, at the least, that he would eventually fall asleep. Now he only stops asking questions in order to go away and do his own research, and then he comes back and drives them both even more crazy with long, detailed explanations of what he's found out and, increasingly, where they went wrong. Dean tries to tell himself it's just a phase, but seriously, he doesn't remember being this annoying when he was thirteen.

It's possible that Sam only makes it to his fourteenth year without Dean actually gagging him because Dad works a couple of jobs with another hunter. They're talking over their plan, working out the finer details, when Sam wanders in. 'Why aren't you using salt?' he asks.

'Salt doesn't work for these things,' Don explains kindly. 'They usually turn up on the coast, they live in saltwater. It's got to be iron rounds for these.'

'Why does iron work?' Sam objects. 'It doesn't work for kappas, and these look practically the same.'

'They look the same, but they're not,' Don begins, and that's it, they're off, questions and answers back and forth until finally John has to recall Don's attention to the matter at hand.

'Reckon Sam's got more questions than any one person can answer,' Don says afterwards, and lets out a big belly laugh at the expression on Dad and Dean's faces. 'Well, he's a smart boy. I can lighten the load some.'

True to his word, when he moves on he leaves Sam with a neatly printed address. 'How about you write down some of your questions, son, send 'em to me. I've got too much time on my hands, these days.'

His truck's barely turned the corner before Sam's hauling out the typewriter and feeding in the first sheet of paper, shooting a triumphant look at Dad because he is going