a good boy.”

Sam grinned.  He couldn’t help it.  “Dog lover, then?”

“Animal lover…" Castiel gave Sam a bit of an embarrassed smile.  "Except horses.  I am scared of horses.  I wish there were a cool story about having been thrown off one and trampled, but it's just one of those weird things.”

“Really?  Given your job… I'd have thought you'd have solved that by now.”

Cas looked up.  “I take it you Googled me?”

Sam's turn for the embarrassed smile.  “Didn’t have to.  My nephew told on me and Dean hit me with the Older Brother Contempt Ray.  Jogged my memory.”

“Older Brother Contempt Ray?”

“You don’t have an older brother, do you."  Castiel shook his head, but he was grinning.  "My brother informed me he was going to marry his girlfriend when they agreed that the best time to introduce him to her son was to watch the season finale of Coyote Horizon together.”

“Which season?”

“Season six.”

Cas shook his head.  “I’m so sorry.  That was a terrible finale.  I hated that entire plot arc.  Unfortunately, the writers heard that and decided to wrap it up early… which meant giving it the stupidest possible ending.”

“Don’t spoil it for me.  I’ve seen bits and pieces of the show here and there from being Dean’s brother and babysitting Ben, but I’ve never actually seen most of the show so I have no context for the few things I do know.  I started watching, but I'm still in the first season.”

“Don’t get too impatient, I didn’t join the show until season four.  I’ve heard fans advocating skipping the first three seasons as unimportant backstory, but I disagree strongly.”  Castiel laughed.  "Of course, I also disagree strongly with the fans who think the show should've ended when Sheriff Vic left to chase his obsession and, if anything, seasons four on should've been Coyote Horizon The Spinoff.  We're still the same show."

“Season four?  Wow.  I knew you came in late, but I didn’t realize it was that late.  I’m enjoying it, though.  More than I thought I would.”

“Not a fan of Westerns?”

Sam shrugged.  If it weren't for Dean, he'd probably never have watched a Western in his life, really.  “So many of them ignore the truth of the old West, how there were a lot of people of color and women weren’t just schoolmarms and saloon girls.  Your show’s different, and I love that about it.”

Cas nodded.  “I’m not going to spoil anything, but I think you’ll enjoy the show even more soon, then.”

“Oh, you mean Gwen Russell becoming Gary the Rustler?  I didn’t miss the media uproar over a trans cowboy.”

“I wish they hadn’t written him off.  At least they let him escape to Mexico instead of having to be killed.”

“Could bring him back, you know.”

“Every so often I hear it pitched to do a movie with Sheriff Vic chasing Gary to Mexico and trying to bring him in, but they've never gotten a script together that's made it past both production and the creative team.  I don't think it'll happen, and if you bring Gary back to the show, it would disrupt the new directions we've gone.  You'd have to bring back Sheriff Vic, too, and while I wouldn't have a problem with that, Chuck keeps saying the show ain't big enough for the both of us.”

Sam laughed.  “Yeah, I guess not.”

Castiel got back to his feet with a regretful look down at Riot.  “I should probably let you and Riot get back to work.  I hope you continue enjoying the show.”

“Thanks.  Good to see you.”

 

It was a few days before Sam saw Cas again.  He’d just finished season 2, and he and Dean were discussing the finale over beers at Dean’s favorite bar while watching a baseball game.  “I can’t believe Nick turned out to be the killer!  He was such a nice guy, looking after that kid Ruby Jewel… I’m scared of what’s gonna happen to her, now that Nick’s gone.  Her mom’s awful!”

Dean groaned.  “It’s not pretty.  But they had to kill him, he killed how many people?  Six?  Stirred up trouble with the Apache village.”

“I know… oh, wow.”  Sam waved to Cas, who'd just come in with a group of friends, some of whom Sam now recognized as other actors from Coyote Horizon.

Cas came over with a big smile.  “I take it this is the brother I’ve been hearing about?”

“Yeah.  Dean, this is Castiel Zorka