"Cas, please!" Dean whispered, struggling futilely as he crossed the last few feet between them and involuntarily tightened his grip on the blade. "Please…" He raised his hand so that the edge of the sword rested against the center of Castiel's throat, just beneath his Adam's apple. Hesediel pulled Castiel's head back further, making the throbbing carotid arteries in his neck stand out prominently.

"Cas…" Dean begged, his eyes shining with unshed tears as he pressed the blade against the angel's exposed throat.

"It's alright, Dean," Castiel whispered. A single tear slid down his cheek, and he closed his eyes.

Dean let out a strangled sob, and an instant later he slashed Castiel's throat open, releasing a shower of hot, red blood over his hands while a rush of blue light shone from the gaping wound. Hesediel's control over him immediately released, and Dean caught Cas just before he could collapse to the concrete floor. Sam was by his side in an instant, supporting the angel's weight while Dean sank to his knees and gathered his weakly shaking form into his lap.

"Cas. Cas, come on," Dean whispered, holding his Castiel's limp body against his so that the angel's head lay on top of his shoulder. The hunter could feel the failed, stuttering attempts at breathing as whatever blood hadn't already drained out made itself at home in Cas's lungs; he was fading fast, and whatever grace he might still have wasn't enough to heal him.

"Don't do this to me, Cas," Dean muttered angrily, shaking Cas slightly when his head started to loll against his shoulder. "You don't get to leave me like this – not like this!"

"He will die, human," Hesediel said smugly. "It will not be much longer now."

"Shut up, you son of a bitch! You have no idea what Cas can –"

"D… ean…" Cas slowly choked out, his voice barely audible even in the near silence of the old warehouse. He swallowed convulsively and coughed once, fighting to muster up enough breath to speak while he laced his fingers between Dean's. "I… 'm so… rry…"

"Don't you do that, Cas. This is not goodbye, you understand me?"

Castiel's head fell back lifelessly, and his hand dropped to the floor from where it been wrapped around Dean's.

"Cas? Cas? Castiel?!" Dean held the angel's body away from him, and he was horrified to see that his skin was already deathly pale, his lips a strange shade of blue-gray. Although his eyes were open, they too had dulled until there was no spark of life behind them at all. As Dean watched, the dark images of two enormous wings etched themselves into the ground beside him. "No, no, no! Damn it all to Hell!" he shouted, punching the ground hard enough to split his knuckles as silent tears streaked down his cheeks. "I'll kill you, you bastard!" he screamed at Hesediel. He picked up the angel blade, still covered in his lover's blood, and prepared to stab Hesediel, but he was stopped short by nothing but a tilt of the angel's head.

"No, Dean Winchester. This is meant to be a punishment for both you and the traitor I once called a brother. He will have died knowing how much pain he caused you, and thinking you must hate him for doing so. And you… You will live, forced to endure the burden of having killed the one you so dearly loved. This is what happens when mortals interfere with the will of Heaven, human. Remember and suffer."

With only a slight fluttering of wings, Hesediel and the other angel vanished, leaving Dean and Sam alone with Castiel's bloodied body. Dean's face betrayed no emotion as he reached down and gathered the corpse into his arms, and he shrugged off Sam's hand when the younger Winchester attempted to lay it on his shoulder.

"Dean…" Sam began, sounding more than a little choked-up.

"Don't," Dean said firmly, staying a few steps behind Sam while they made their way to the Impala. "Just take the keys, okay? I'll handle the… body."

There was a strange sound in Dean's voice when he said that, and although he couldn't identify exactly what it was, Sam hoped he never had to hear it again.

The drive back to the motel had been oppressively silent. Dean had climbed into the backseat with Cas in his arms, sitting against the driver's side door with the angel's dark-haired head in his lap and the rest of his body stretched out over the bench seat. Sam saw how Dean's shoulders shook the entire way back, but by the time they reached the door his eyes were completely dry and Sam didn't say a word