play, and then Castiel had more questions.  “Who are the guys in the striped shirts?”

“They’re the referees.  They control the game.  Say when it’s okay to start the play, or when someone’s broken a rule, and make the call on things like whether the receiver caught a pass or if they got the first down.”  Dean stuck his tongue out at Sam.  “Find a good metaphor for that one, bitch.”

“Well, the refs sure think they’re God sometimes.”  Dean cracked up.  “The refs are what make this a game instead of a war.”

“What’s a first down?”

“Okay, the goal is to get the ball into the end zone, but you usually aren’t expected to do it all at once.  So when you first get the ball, you’ve got four downs to work with.  If you can pick up ten yards with those, you reset the downs and start from first down again.”  That made sense, at least.

Sam winked at Dean, who covered his face with his hand to hide from what was coming.  “You know.  You’ve got the war to win, within the war you win some battles.  If you do well enough, you can keep the war going, if not, you retreat.  Or, in football, you punt.”

They watched for a while more, Dean and Sam cheering or booing depending on whether the play went well for the Cowboys.  After one play, though, they didn't line back up.  “Everyone’s leaving.  Why?  Is the game over?”

“Nah.  Halftime.  An extended break so they can talk some things over and the Redskins can try to figure out a way to contain Zeke.  They’re gonna fail, but they’ll try.”  Dean tossed back the last of his beer.

“Zeke?”

Sam explained while Dean went to get more beer.  “Ezekiel Elliott.  I’ll point him out later, but he’s their best player.  Great at running the ball.  Redskins can’t seem to stop him, either.”

Dean scowled at Sam.  “Dak Prescott’s the best player on the team.  He’s the quarterback, and he’s been really great at making things happen.  Can’t rule out Dez Bryant either.  He’s their star receiver.”

Sam just shrugged.  “Dak wouldn’t look near as good without Zeke to take the pressure off him.”

“And Zeke wouldn’t look near as good if the defense could focus everything on him because Dak wasn’t a threat.”

Castiel shook his head.  He still didn't get this, and he needed to break up the fight.  “And this is fun?  People do this for entertainment?”

“Yeah.  Tell you what, I don’t actually have a football but if we get one…”  Dean cut off, staring at Sam.  “What?”

“Be right back.”  Sam ran off, leaving Castiel with Dean.

“If he comes back with a football, I’m going to be very confused.  He never played in school.  I did, some, but because of moving so much I couldn’t really ever get settled with a team and get good.”

“We don’t have anywhere near enough people to play a game of football.”  Castiel hadn't kept count, but he was pretty sure that three people wouldn't be enough to make up even one team.

“Nah, but we can go out and throw the ball around.  It’s fun.  Or so I hear… Sam and I never actually did it.  Never had a football.”

“We do now.”  Sam came back, holding a box with a football in it.  “We never got the chance as kids, so I thought… might be fun.”

“Sounds like.  C’mon, Cas.”  Dean got to his feet with a huge smile and went to get his jacket.

“Hmm?”  Cas got to his feet to follow Dean and Sam.  “What about the rest of the game?”

“As long as we’re back to watch the end, I don’t mind missing some of it for this, and I doubt we’ll be gone more than an hour.”  Sam started working on unpackaging the football.  “Let’s go play, huh?”

Outside, Sam and Dean tossed the ball back and forth a couple times to test it.  Dean was the first one to throw to Cas.  Cas reached up to catch it, but was surprised at how hard it hit his hands.  “Whoops, sorry Cas!  Threw that a little harder than I needed to.”

“That’s all right.”  Castiel picked it up and threw it to Sam.  Poorly.

“Alright, both of you, come here.  Sam, you played flag football in gym class, you got no excuse for needing this reminder, but Cas, let me show you how to throw it.”  Dean took Cas’s hand and