snapping her finger. Instantly Sam and Dean were tired to poles standing up, but their heads were sagging to their chest like they were passed out. You were in front of them dangling from chains above your head. 

“Leave them alone.” You say darkly making the chain rattle with angry body movement. Kindle chuckled walking over to you only to cut a long line down your arm deep enough to make you scream loudly enough to startle Sam and Dean awake.

“____!” They both yelled in unison when they saw you with a knife in your arm. You gave them a tight smile trying not to let tears run down your face. 

“Now that everyone had their seats let’s begin. We want the angel Castiel. One of you three get him here or tell us where he is and all of this ends.” Kindle said with a smirk as Tommy and David got closer to you. 

“What makes you think an Angel would listen to humans?” You say trying to kick one of the men. Tommy caught your leg keeping it on his hip going for the other leg. You tried to yank away from him just for David to catch you from behind pushing your free leg up around Tommy. 

“Don’t act dumb bitch! We know he had been hanging around your big brother Dean. For your sake, I would hurry up with the information.” Kindle said from your right, but you were too focused on Tommy.

“What the hell are you people doing?” You bark thrashing around on the chains. Dean and Sam were also trying to get out of their own bonds. John was standing behind the boys making sure that they didn’t break out. 

“Get the hell off her!” Dean yelled as Tommy started to push his hip into your open legs.

“Humans are always so warm.” David chuckled wrapping his hands around to cup your breast. 

“Don’t touch me!” You scream in a panic trying to kick your feet away from Tommy. Both Demons laugh harshly pushing their bodies firmer into yours. David grabbed your legs holding them up while Tommy undid his pants pulling out the biggest penis you had ever seen. 

“What the fuck!” You shriek as he advances towards you’re your open vagina. Tommy thrusts inside of you watching your face twist in disgust. He moaned pulling out and shoving himself deeper in.

“STOP!” You scream trying to pull yourself up on the chains. 

“We don’t know where he is!” Sam yelled watching your face turn red trying to hold back tears. 

“Such a nice color this dry blood is on your skin.” David moaned running his tongue up your neck.

“Oh, god please make it stop.” You whimper as Tommy pounded harder inside of your walls making your breast bounce wildly. David bit down on your neck harshly you scream finally from a large amount of warm blood running over your breast and right side. He bit harder making the blood flow increase then he started to suck a little. Tommy leaned down licking at your blood drenched nipple greedily sucking it clean.

“Fuck she tastes so good.” Tommy growled pumping harder. 

“We don’t fucking know where he is! You’re going to kill her!!” Dean roared thrashing around in his restraints. Davis stopped suck moving his mouth away to let the blood run down your side again. He started to undo his pants as well the sound of his zipper the last thing you hear before he reached up to coat his finger in your blood. He rubbed his up and down his shaft then he penetrated your ass without warning. 

“Please! STOP! STOP!!” You scream frantically yanking on the chains that held you. Tommy sucked at your neck stilling inside of you to let David fuck your ass harder. David pulled out his large penis making your virgin rim bleed instantly adding more lube so he could glide in and out of you faster. 

“WE DON’T FUCKING KNOW WHERE THE FUCK HE IS!! Dean yelled again while Sam looked away from you crying silently. You couldn’t breathe as the pain consumed you. Your vision started to blur every time David rammed your ass hole. 

“I love stretching new bitched out.” David grunted will Tommy started to move with him each pounding your holes raw. 

“Castiel!” Dean started to yell looking up into the ceiling of the barn. You were sobbing not caring how weak you looked or felt. All you could do was pray that you would die a quick and painless death. A large bolt of lightning outside illuminated the barn brightly making all the Demons turn towards the doors. 

“I knew this would work.” Kindle said smugly her eyes turning black as she stormed towards the doors. She was 5 feet away when a gush of air flew the door open knocking Kindle and John to the ground. Castiel walked in with wings spread and white glowing eyes. He was at your side in an instant touch each Demon inside of you making them flash full of white light instantly killing them. Their vessels dropped limply to the ground letting your feet touch the barn floor. Castiel reached up yanking on the chain before moving