drawing board all over again.

Dean knew that lattes were a lot sweeter than his usual fare, and he was hesitant at first, but after a few moments he just shrugged and said, "Ah, sure, what the hell. You're the expert here."

"Great. Go pick out a table, and I'll bring it over as soon as it's ready."

Dean nodded and went to scope out a seat close to the window so he could look out at the shining white snow, and Castiel hurriedly went about implementing his plan, setting some milk up to steam so he could mix it into a perfectly light, frothy, smooth latte that even the most discerning taste buds would have no choice but to love. Once the milk was mixed in evenly he added a bit to the top, waiting until it had settled into a thin sheet across the surface of the liquid before retrieving a small bottle of chocolate sauce for the drizzle.

He carefully brought the finished product over to Dean, setting it gently on the table and then smiling softly as he gave an exaggerated bow. "Enjoy your drink, sir."

Dean chuckled. "Thanks, Cas."

Castiel quickly strode away, and once he was sure that he was out of Dean's sight he leaned his head against the wall, breathing deeply as the nervous pounding of his heart started to make him dizzy. In a show of boldness he had not thought himself capable of until now, the barista had written his own phone number and the words "Call me?" in chocolate across the top of the drink, and now it took all of his willpower not to keep looking over at Dean's table to see what his reaction would be. He wasn't sure he'd be able to stand it if Dean blew him off; it had only been two days and already Castiel was completely head-over-heels for the man with the pretty green eyes.

During the time he was lost in a daze, Dean somehow managed to sneak out without his noticing again, and Castiel's heart thudded against his ribcage as he approached the table where the mug once again sat empty on the saucer. And when he picked the dishes up, he once again saw a small napkin underneath, this time folded into a neat square so it had been completely hidden. Hands shaking, he unfolded the napkin, letting out a breath he hadn't known he was holding when he again found a note:


"Would you like to have lunch with me sometime? 1-866-907-3235. Until tomorrow! – Dean"


Dean soon became a regular customer at the coffee-house, stopping by every morning on his way to work and trying whatever drink Castiel suggested for him. He ended up liking most of them too, and soon found out he was actually a fan of hot green tea, a fact which immediately endeared him to Castiel even more. Castiel also made more than one trip out to Singer Salvage, becoming well-acquainted with Dean's uncle, Bobby Singer, thanks to the fact that his old clunker of a car seemed to love breaking down on him as often as it possibly could.

The two of them also went on frequent lunch dates and called and texted each other back and forth, sometimes letting off steam about the things in their lives that were bothering them and other times just chatting about nothing for hours. The conversations weren't really important; it was hearing the sound of the other's voice, not the subject of the discussion, that always brought each of them comfort.

As the weeks passed and winter changed to summer, they grew much closer, enough to be much more than friends but not quite enough to be lovers. Castiel wanted more than friendship, of course – he'd wanted more than that from the beginning – but he was also content to let Dean set the pace. As long as he got to see the mechanic every day, got to talk and smile with him and make him laugh, then he was happy. When they were both ready, he knew things would work themselves out.

Then one day in the middle of June, Dean didn't show up for his morning cup of coffee. He had never forgotten before, but Castiel wasn't too concerned. From what the young mechanic had told him, things at Singer Auto had been very busy lately, since Bobby had gotten sick enough to need to stay in the hospital and had just been released three weeks ago to recover at home. That left Dean in charge most days, and it wouldn't surprise Castiel if today he simply hadn't been able to leave the shop.

But when three days had passed with no sign of his friend, Castiel began to worry. It wasn't at all like Dean not to show up, especially for three days in a row, and even if something had come up, he would have at least called or sent a text. Something was very wrong, and when the clock struck noon on the fourth morning and Dean still hadn't shown up, Castiel couldn