of the conversation.  Cas hoped it wasn’t enough to spoil Dean’s surprise.  Dean looked awkwardly at Cas, and then up at Sam.  “Hey!  Um.  Need a hand getting that crammed into the trunk?”

“I think I got it,” Sam said.  “You two, uh… do whatever it was you were doing?”

“Okay.”  Dean went for the driver’s seat of the Impala and started looking through his cassette collection.

Cas went to help Sam.  At the very least, he could hand Sam things.  Sam had already moved a couple of things into the trunk, and when he saw Cas, he very quickly tugged the nearest blanket over one of the bags.  He looked curiously at Sam, but Sam ignored it.  “Sam?  Are you all right?”

“Huh?”  Sam looked up from where he was packing in blankets.  “Yeah, I’m fine, why do you ask?”

“You’re… never mind,” Castiel decided.  He didn’t have a way to explain why he thought something was bothering Sam.  He couldn’t quite explain it to himself.  “I just thought something might be bothering you.  You know I’m here for you, if you need to talk about something, right?”

“Yeah, Cas, I know,” Sam said.  “But really, I’m fine.  I’m happy.  I’m alive, Dean’s alive, you’re alive, and the world’s not ending.  When was the last time I could say all four of those things?”

“That year you were without your soul?” Cas suggested.  “Although I don’t know if that should count, considering that your soul was in Hell.  Were you truly alive then?”

Sam laughed.  “Good question.  And of course before that, you were alive, but you weren’t here.  Dean and I didn’t know you until the world was headed for the end.”

“Yes.  I suppose depending on how you count Dean’s resurrection as a demon…” Cas said.

“You were dying as your stolen grace burned out and Dean was a demon.  Doesn’t count,” Sam said immediately.  “Even when we got Dean back, you were still dying and Dean had the Mark hanging over him.  How’s this: I’m human, Dean’s human, you’re alive, and there’s nothing hanging over us threatening to change that.”

“That we know of, anyway,” Castiel said.  “It still seems an extremely low bar for happiness, though.”

“Yeah, well, when you consider that for most of my adult life I couldn’t even clear that… can you blame me for setting the bar low?”  Sam took the stuffed cat from Cas, but when he saw what it was, he handed it back to Cas.  “Here, hold on to this.  Dean’s gonna make fun of me, and I probably should have grown out of it, but I always hated it when Dad made me put my stuffed animals in the trunk.”

“Then we’ll keep all three out.”  Castiel picked up the dog as well.  “Dean is driving and probably wouldn’t hold one even if he weren’t, but there are three of them and I only have two hands.  Would you mind holding the bee for me?”

“Sure.”  Sam headed off to put the cart up.

When Cas got in the car, Dean rolled his eyes.  “Sam’s idea?”

“Yes.  But I agree with him, animals do not belong in the trunk,” Castiel said.

“They’re stuffed.  They’re not real.  They don’t need to breathe and they’re not gonna get too hot and die,” Dean said.

“So you sided with your father?”

“Kind of depended,” Dean said.  “I dunno, maybe I should’ve picked one side and stuck with it, but Sam was a really sensitive kid.  If he was happier with a stuffed pig in his lap, what the hell was it hurting?  On the other hand, with Dad, obedience was a big deal and Sam didn’t need the pig.  So which side I took just depended on whether I was better able to deal with Sam sulking or Dad simmering.”

Sam came back then, settling in the front seat with the bee on his lap.  “Let’s go.”

 

Back at the Bunker, Sam disappeared with his new blanket and a bag hidden underneath it.  Castiel helped Dean carry the TV down the stairs and to the bedroom he’d chosen.  “Hey.  What’s in the bag that Sam doesn’t want me to see?” Dean asked.

“I don’t know,” Castiel said.  “He’s kept it hidden from me, too.”

“Huh.  Weird.  Thought Sam told you everything.”  Dean set the box down.  “Okay, your choices here are help me put this up or go get the rest of