about sending Lucas an email just to check up on him but then decided he shouldn’t get all worked up over something that was probably nothing.

2 hours later he couldn’t stand it anymore. He walked out of the briefing meeting he was attending and sent the email anyways.

He never got a reply.

o-o-o-o-o


Present Day...


Lucas stepped off of the train and hoisted his bag higher on his shoulder. Tenderly he touched a finger to the bruise marring his cheek and winced. He glanced around and found a posted map of the area. He wasn’t sure of where exactly he was supposed to be looking, but eventually he recognized a small section and headed off in that direction.

When he finally reached the address written on the piece of paper in his pocket, his heart was pounding and his hands were shaking. He must have stood outside the front door for 5 minutes before he actually lifted his hand and knocked. For a split second he feared he had gotten the wrong house and was about to turn away when he heard the locks slide.

He turned back to find the shocked face of Warren Foresman. His hair had more gray than black in it and his face slightly weathered but it was still Warren.

“Luke?”

Lucas smiled thinly, hoping that his unexpected visit was the source of Warren’s shock and not his appearance.

“Hi Warren.” He said, his voice soft. Warren’s eyes traveled over his face, no doubt taking in the various bruises that covered his face and neck. Lucas was glad he couldn’t see any of the other marks on his torso.

“Jesus Christ what happened?” Warren’s voice was filled with disbelief. Lucas sighed. He knew that question was coming.

“It’s a long story.” Lucas shrugged. Warren stared at him for a while longer before Lucas spoke again.

“Can I come in?”

Warren shook his head as though clearing it before he stepped aside.

“Yea of course come in. I was just making some dinner.” He motioned for Lucas to follow him. The blonde entered the house and shut the door behind him, taking off his shoes and leaving them at the door. A smile graced his face as the familiar scent of spaghetti and chicken marinara sauce hit his nose. Sure enough when he entered the kitchen, there was a pot of noodles on the stove as well as a smaller pot of sauce. Warren stirred the noodles for a moment before turning back to Lucas, a slightly pained look on his face.

“Damn that looks awful. Let me get you some ice.”

Lucas sat down at the table, not bothering to argue. Some ice would be wonderful since his injuries were starting to throb. He took the offered ice in a bag with a smile, holding it to his cheek with a wince. Warren sat down opposite of him after checking the dinner once more. He still had that pained look on his face. Lucas smiled humorlessly.

“This wasn’t exactly what I had in mind for our reunion.” He chuckled. Warren didn’t smile and threaded his fingers together in front of him on the table.

“So what happened?” Warren asked, eyes still raking over Lucas’s skin. The blonde sighed and put down the ice, poking at the bag with his finger, watching the ice shift.

“Got in a fight. You know me.” He tried to smile but it came off as more of a grimace. Warren did not seem amused at all.

“Luke I’m serious. What happened?”

“I told you, I got in a fight. I wasn’t lying. Just a little disagreement with Sam.”

Genuine surprise crossed Warren’s face and he leaned forward.

“Your girlfriend did this to you? Jesus is she a body builder?”

Lucas’s throat closed up and he cleared it before speaking.

“Sam is short for Samuel.”

The surprise multiplied and Warren raised an eyebrow. Lucas didn’t want to open that can of worms so he kept talking.

“We’ve been slowly falling apart as it is. He just finally snapped this time. Fighting is nothing new but the physical part is.” Lucas shrugged and put the ice back on his face. Warren frowned.

“I hope you got some good shots on him at least.”

Lucas barked out a short laugh.

“Yea of course I did.”

Warren’s light blue eyes did another once-over of Lucas’s face again and Lucas found himself feeling slightly better. It was nice to have someone care about him again.

“This guy must be huge to do that to you, I mean, how tall are you? Six one?”

Lucas smiled.

“I’m six two. Sam is six five and all muscle. It wasn’t a pleasant experience for either of us.” He shook his head. He took the bag of ice off his cheek and poked the area, wincing again.

“Can I ask what started this fight or is it none of my business?” Warren said softly