it leak a bead of precome.

The blows on his skin stopped.  Sam wondered for a moment what was happening, before a voice spoke close to his ear.  “You're going to make a mess of the play area.  I'm going to put a condom on you, all right?”

Sam nodded and blinked, slightly dazed.  A moment later, Sam felt the familiar pressure of latex sheathing his cock.

“Good boy.”  Sam heard, and a hand brushed through Sam's hair.  “You go ahead and come, whenever you need to.”  Sam shuddered, and the smacks continued.  His skin was warm and tingling, and he wondered if it was as red as the other guy's had been, earlier.

“All right.”  A hand stroked over Sam's sensitive skin, and Sam felt himself leak more precome.  “For comparison, this is a leather paddle.”

Sam gasped at the snap of leather against his skin.  It was a completely different sensation than a warm palm.  The man hit him with it several times, and Sam squirmed in his bonds.  It wasn't a bad feeling, it was just... different.  Sam knew which one he preferred.

The blows stopped.  Silence for a moment, and then words.  “And a wooden one.”

Sam's eyes flew open as the wooden paddle thudded against his ass.  Sam swore he felt it in his bones, completely unlike the bare hand or the leather paddle.  Dull thud and ache, and Sam knew sitting in the Impala was going to be tricky for the next couple of days.  

A few more solid blows landed, rocking Sam forward a little, before they stopped.  Sam panted against the leather.

“Which would you like more of, boy?”  Soft lips and warm breath against Sam's ear.

“Your... your hand, sir.  Please.”  Sam begged.

Sam heard a soft chuckle, and the huge hand smacked down against Sam's flushed skin, over and over.  Sam was feeling a little floaty, very warm, and completely relaxed.  The blows against his ass seemed to be getting harder, and Sam arched his back a little, which lifted and presented his butt a little more.

Sam heard a soft groan, and two hands gripped his ass cheeks hard enough to hurt, before releasing them.  Hard smacks continued to rain down, and Sam was pretty certain he had died and gone to heaven.

When they stopped, he felt a little bereft.  And then he felt cool leather trail across his upper back.  Sam shuddered.

The flogger trailed gently across his untouched skin.  It was pulled back, and then stinging lines of pain spread across Sam's back.  Sam recognized, in an abstract sort of way, while swimming in sensation, that the man wielding the flogger was quite talented with it.  There was little wrapping of the falls around Sam's shoulders and ribs, and his spine was carefully avoided.  As much as Sam was enjoying it, he wished it was a little... heavier.  He squirmed, and the blows stopped.  A hand touched his lower back.

“What do you need?”  A rumble in his ear.

“M-”  Sam coughed, his throat dry.

“Open your eyes.”

Sam did, blinking against the light, which seemed too bright.  The man was crouched before Sam's face, holding up a still-sealed bottle of water.  He removed the cap, and Sam heard the sound of the plastic seal tearing.  With his help, Sam lifted his head and drank a little, the cool water a balm on his throat.

Sam cleared his throat.  “More, please, sir.”

The man gently laid Sam's head back down.  “Harder or heavier, boy?”

Sam wasn't really sure.  “B-both?”

The man nodded, and Sam closed his eyes again.

Sam jolted on the bench as a much heavier flogger hit his upper back.  It felt harsher, the edges harder, biting into Sam's skin.  Sam groaned, loving the new sensation.  Sam heard the pleased chuckle again, and a rain of blows fell against his upper back.  It didn't take long for Sam's back to ache and burn, even through the haze of endorphins.  He wondered if he was bleeding.

Don't be stupid.  He's not going to want a stranger's blood on his flogger.  Reassured, Sam sank back into feeling, rather than thinking.

When the blows slowed and stopped, Sam was breathing deeply, boneless against the bench.  His ass seared, and his back seared, throbbing in time with his pulse, and it was everything Sam had hoped for.  He had absolutely no idea of how much time might have passed. 

“Here.  A little more water.”  Another crack of a water bottle opening, and Sam drank thirstily, draining the small bottle.  When it was gone, Sam let his head fall against the leather again.  The hand stroked through his hair.  “Ready to get fucked, boy?”

Sam was amazed that he didn'