like a young lady spread eagled on the hood of a car, Frannie - where the open garden gave them room to sprawl out. His father must be blind, poor dear. The grass was too irresistible for children raised confined by the asphalt and gravel of small motel parking lots – pssst, Frannie… Yes, Wilma? Johnny is the boy’s father and he’s single, you know. Isn’t your youngest in need of a husband? – the rough surfaces that skinned knees and elbows and offered only the reflected heat of the sun off the shimmering blackness instead of the cool, dewy drops that clung to every blade of grass and dampened the soil to bathe sun parched skin. Hhmmm…you’re right, Wilma. I’ll call her. Johnny’s got potential even if his children dress like street urchins. Maybe I’ll knit the boy a nice vest.After stuffing his pockets with the small plastic packages, as well as some leftover cookies and a banana for Mrs. Levin; she really was a nice old lady, even if she smelled particularly funny and didn’t talk very clearly. Sammy kept insisting it was because her tongue had fallen out, but Dean took that for the norm around these parts and didn’t really care as long as there was free pudding cups involved.

Dean shrugged carelessly as he wandered out the French doors, used to Sam’s amusing eccentricities at this point – after all, only his little brother would perform daily burials for these imagined pieces Mrs. Levin was losing. Though, now that Dean thought about it, he did wonder what Sam was burying so industriously every time he saw him.

When he caught sight of his brother patting dirt over another hole scratched into the soil at Mrs. Levin’s feet, Dean winced, his eyes assaulted by the bright orange and green striped, pom-pommed…thing on his brother’s head. He couldn’t leave Sammy alone for a second without some kind of yarned monstrosity finding its way onto Sam’s body.

“God-da…um,” Dean cast a cautious glance at Mrs. Levin, who was staring her usual wide-eyed stare up at the tree-tops today. “Sam, what did I tell you about accepting gifts from people around here?”

Sam smiled up at him cheerily, the broad brim of the knit tam bringing out the green in his eyes. “You said if I wanted to look like a pansy-ass bitch, then I should wear the stuff they give me.”

When he saw the gleam in Dean’s eye, Sam grabbed the hat by the poof ball that anchored the fashion disaster to his head. “I like this hat, Dean!” Sam insisted, his chin wibbling as his lower lip stuck out in a threatening pout. “It wobbles!” Sam demonstrated by bobbing his head back and forth, humming something that might have been the theme to Scooby-Doo, the pom-pom atop the cap swinging back and forth in a clumsy rhythm.

Dean closed his eyes and counted to ten like his dad had taught him. “Fine, look like a doofus all you want, but if anyone asks, I had nothing to do with it. OK?”

Sam nodded eagerly, that damn poof sliding forward to drape by his ear.

Dean silently swore to buy Sammy an AC/DC T-shirt the next time they were at GoodWill. Someone had to look out for the kid’s cool factor.

He squatted by his little brother, eyeing the several small mounds of dirt that had taken up the space under the yellow rose bush Mrs. Levin preferred to loiter by. Mrs. Levin made a garbled noise, smiling her crooked smile down at Dean almost as if she recognized him, clumsily patting his head with her stiff fingers.

Dean smiled up at her, unconsciously leaning into her touch like a purring kitten, absently settling his weight along the length of her shin. The smell really wasn’t that bad…like overripe plums left too long in the fridge, maybe. Her hand fell away and she went back to staring up at the skittering ravens that set up such a racket whenever they came out into the garden – damn things clustered around them like it was some kind of funeral parade.

Dean settled more comfortably against her, pulling out a deck of cards from his pocket, and dealt them all a hand for Sam’s favorite…Go Fish.

As Sam studied his cards with the intensity and focus worthy of an equation of quantum theory, Dean casually asked, “Why is our car air freshener hanging from Mrs. Levin’s ear?”

Sam shrugged, sorting his cards into uneven piles on the grass in front of him, giving Dean a full view of his hand. It was no wonder the kid never won at this game. “It makes her smell like Christmas, Dean!”

Dean gave the small, tree-shaped freshener a dubious glance. His little brother was weird. Good thing Mrs. Levin was cool and didn’t complain about it.

Unwatched by the occupied boys, a courageous raven