son of a mechanic and an elementary school teacher hadn't exactly prepared him for phone calls like this one.

"A gun?" The voice was disbelieving. "I know your mom's been out of the business for a long while, but if it's weaponry you're looking for, she knows plenty of better sources than me. Hell, old Sam should have left her a fine few pieces."

Sam filed that information away for future use. As far as he knew, nearly all of his grandparents' things had been sold when Grandma Deanna had gotten sick and moved to be nearer his mom, but he remembered his father saying there were some things left in storage. Maybe that was one more thing his mom hadn't thought safe to tell him and Dean.

"This is a special gun," he said into the phone. "One that can kill anything."

The man's hesitation was short enough that Sam almost missed it. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Are you sure, Mr. Elkins? Because I heard that Samuel Colt made one special gun, for a hunter. One that could kill anything at all."

"Well, sure, son." The man was mocking him a little now. "Everyone's heard those old fairy stories."

"Sure," Sam agreed. The handset was going slippery in his grasp: he transferred it to the other hand and wiped his palm on the leg of his jeans. "The story goes that the hunter used it once before he disappeared, and that the gun disappeared with him. But the story I heard is that it fell into the hands of some vampires."

"Stories take on all sorts of shapes after a hundred and fifty years," Elkins told him.

"If that was true," Sam persisted, "then they could have held onto it all this time. Unless someone took them out, of course. I hear you're an expert in the matter of vampires, Mr. Elkins."

"Well, you heard one thing that was true, then." The man's voice was even more unfriendly than it had been before. "But if you're insinuating that I got the Colt, you're making a mistake."

"Maybe so." Sam was sure now that he was onto something. "But if someone did have that gun, the time might be coming to use it. Me and my brother, we've been tracking something, something big."

Elkins gave a harsh laugh. "The way I calculate, you and your brother can't hardly be out of diapers. So maybe you're tracking something, and maybe you ain't, but either way I suggest you go back to reading nursery stories. If there were such a thing as the Colt, two wet-nosed greenhorns would be the last people alive that I'd give it to."

"But -" Sam started.

"Goodbye, Sam. You give your mom my regards, now." The click sounded at the end of the line before Sam even had a chance to respond.

"Told you it was a fool idea." Dean appeared in the doorway, a beer in his hand. "We don't know anything, Sam. You think you can call some seasoned hunter up and ask him to give you the most powerful weapon he's ever gotten his hands on, thanks very much and good day to you?"

"That part was dumb," Sam admitted, but it barely dampened his elation. "But Dean, I was right, I'm sure of it. He wouldn't say it straight out, but the way he talked about it - I'm sure he knew what I was talking about."

"What good does that do?" Dean said mildly. "So you've got more than a suspicion about where this gun is. You still don't have it, and even if you did, you'd barely know which way to point it."

"We know that it's possible," Sam argued, stung at the implication he'd been wasting his time. "If there really is one gun that could kill demons, maybe there are more. And even if there aren't, we know where this one is, at least."

Dean looked unhappy. "That doesn't mean we can go after this demon, Sam. You know what Mom said - it's way out of our league."

Sam huffed in disgust. "So we should just back off altogether? I've been gathering information, Dean. We might not be ready now, but that doesn't mean we can't be prepared."

"So in the meantime you're keeping this purely theoretical?" Dean looked skeptical. "You're not going looking for more kids like Mike?"

Sam debated lying. However much Dean was bothered by the idea of what might be happening to the kids Sam had been tracing, he was also pretty much on board with Mom's insistence that they should be sticking to the