could have kept that from you, and I can’t imagine why either of us would try,” Sam said.

“So that Dean wouldn’t kill me.”  Both Winchesters turned to stare at Castiel, but the angel never looked up from his reading.  “He’s very protective of you, and no one’s hurt you more than I have.”

“Lucifer and Michael have,” Sam said.

“None of which you’d remember if it weren’t for me.”  Castiel looked up finally, noticing both boys staring at him in bewilderment.  “I would have told you, Dean.  I was just offering a reason why I might have chosen not to.  I can’t imagine why Sam would go along with it, though.”

“I’m more weirded out by the fact that you’ve actually thought about this.  And that you’re still reading that.”

Castiel had, in fact, gone back to reading.  “It can’t be Chuck’s work, but there are strong similarities in the style.  Whoever is writing these is very good.  I might try to find more.  It would help me remember this time without the fuzz.”

“You might run into a lot of things that didn’t happen, like what you’re reading,” Sam said.  “Are you sure you want to run the risk of remembering things wrong?”

“Well, obviously, if I encounter something like this it’s fake.  I was clearly not in my right mind and in no position to give consent, you’d never do that.  Even if for some reason you wanted to despite the way I hurt you.  The rest of it… I don’t know about.  But as I can’t be sure of my own memories anyway, it might be worth looking at.”  Castiel set aside the last page and looked up.  “What?”

“You, uh…”  Sam trailed off, unable to find the words as he looked helplessly at Dean.

“Kinda sounds like you want to,” Dean supplied.

Castiel looked between the two of them.  “That surprises you?”

“Yes, that surprises me!” Sam said.  “Why wouldn’t it?  Of all people, you know how broken I am, how I’m duct tape and safety pins in my head.  You don’t need…”

“You’ve been through a great deal, Sam, and maybe your head is barely holding together,” Castiel interrupted.  “But your soul… any other soul that went through what you did in the Cage would have never recovered, even with my help.”

“I find that hard to believe,” Sam said.

Castiel shook his head.  “I know.  You who have so much faith in everyone and everything else have so little in yourself.”

“Okay, let’s… come back to this later?  We have someone writing about us under Carver Edlund’s name, we should probably figure out what the hell’s going on there.”

“I’m gonna get Charlie, between the two of us we should be able to get some answers by tracing his posts.”  Sam left, but he kept looking over his shoulder at Cas.

When Sam was gone, Cas picked up the printout again.  “And this is exactly why I never said anything to Sam.  Before, it wasn’t any more awkward than usual.  Now things will be.”

 

Sam and Charlie came back with answers.  The posts came from a computer in Colorado.  Tracking it led them to a hotel run by a Native American tribe.  In the hotel, Sam’s condition deteriorated quickly, making it difficult for him to stand up.  “I’ve got him, I can provide some relief, although I can’t cure him,” Castiel said.  “You and Kevin and Charlie go find the computer.”

Kevin pointed down a hallway.  “This way.  I can feel who we’re after.”

Sam reached out for Castiel’s hand.  “Help me.  Can you make me strong enough to go with them?”

“I believe so.”  Castiel reached up, gently brushing Sam’s bangs out of the way as he poured grace into Sam’s head.  Sam straightened up, and his breathing and body temperature became more normal.  “Can you manage?”

“Yeah.  Thanks, Cas.”  Sam didn’t let go of Cas’s hand, though, letting Cas lead him as they followed Kevin.

Kevin found a secret door, revealing a middle-aged man with curly hair and scruffy facial hair.  “What’s this?  Who are you?”  The man looked up from his computer and gasped in shock.  “Kevin Tran!  Well, that’s how you found me.  What are you doing here, Kevin?”

Kevin looked at the others in confusion.  “You… know me?”

“Of course I know you!  Prophet of the Lord, Kevin Tran.  And… bless me, Castiel?  And the Winchesters, of course.  So you must be Charlie.”  The guy drew an angel blade