out a hand.  “Hi.”

Dean ignored it.  “Sam, I need a word with you outside.”

Sam looked at Brady, who didn’t look perturbed at all.  “Sure.”

Dean led Sam to the Impala and got inside.  Sam rolled his eyes and followed.  Some of John’s paranoia training had clearly stuck with Dean.  “The cops found links between Tyson Brady and a guy named Isaiah Campbell.  Including a huge payment from Isaiah to Brady the day after the fire.  Isaiah one of them?”

Sam stared at Dean in disbelief.  “Yeah.  Yeah, um, I didn’t know Isaiah all that well, I mostly dealt with his brother Mark.  Mark was one of the ones who made me an offer after Grandpa died.  I’ll give Christian a call, let him know about this.  He won’t be happy about how this looks, even if it turns out to be something innocent like Brady cleaning Isaiah’s yard or something.  I just… I can’t believe Brady would do that.  We’ve been friends since, like, the first week of college.”

“Sorry, kiddo.  Can’t imagine going through that kind of betrayal.”  Dean patted Sam’s shoulder.  “What do you want to do about him turning up?”

“Nothing.  No tipping him off.  Wouldn’t want him to run again.”

 

Christian was, in fact, very unhappy.  He called back the day after Sam’s call.  “Got answers for you, Sam.  You ready?”

“Yep.  Is it what it looks like?”

“Yes, it is.”  Sam banged his head against the wall.  “Isaiah was pissed that you chose me over Mark.  That fire was supposed to kill you.  Isaiah gave Brady knockout pills, which he somehow slipped to you.”

“Dammit.  I was hoping Brady wasn’t actually… thanks for letting me know, Christian.”

Christian cleared his throat.  “Sam, this didn’t come from me, and if I’d known about it I’d have stopped it.  You and me have a problem with the deal?”

Sam laughed.  “I’m out and happy that way, so unless you have a problem with me calling you to let you know, we’re good.”

“You have any Campbell-related trouble, I want to know about it.  Don’t worry about Isaiah, I’ll take care of him.  You want me to handle Brady, or let the Lawrence cops have him?”

Sam thought about it.  He hated himself for the fact that he wanted to tell Christian to pick up Brady.  “Let the cops deal with him.  He was my friend, once.”

“If you say so.  I’m gonna do some digging, but Mark helped me find the proof, so I don’t think he’s involved.  Anything else while we’re talking?”

“Say hi to Gwen for me.”  Gwen was Mark’s wife and one of the few Campbells Sam had actually liked.  He hung up and went to tell Dean the news.

Sam introduces Dean to his friends, who take things from zero to awkward in less than ten seconds.

That night, Sam brought Dean over to meet his friends.  Zach and Becky were heading out of town the next day, since Jess and Lori had found an apartment.  “Hey, everyone.  Come meet Dean.”

“Holy crap.”  Jess stared at Dean, then turned to Sam.  “I see the problem.  He’s ridiculous!”

“Problem?”  Dean looked to Sam for answers.

Sam ducked his head.  “They, uh… Becky’s a psych major, she predicted the awkward crush I developed.  So, the problem…”

Dean laughed.  “Fair enough.  I talked to Benny.”  He winked at Jess.  “Thanks, then.  Are you Becky?”

Becky let out a squeal.  “It’s mutual?  Sam didn’t tell us that part!”

Sam sighed.  “No, that’s Becky.  This is Jess.  That’s Lori over there hanging on Zach.”  He glared at Becky.  “I didn’t tell you because I’m not spilling someone else’s secrets, and I wouldn’t have told you about my crush if you hadn’t already guessed it.”

“You two would be so cute together.”  Lori detached herself from Zach and came over.  “You should totally hook up.”

“Except for the part where we’re brothers.”  Sam scooted a little bit away from Dean, who looked equally uncomfortable.

Jess looked between them.  “You don’t look much alike.  Do you actually have any proof?”

“My birth certificate’s out there somewhere, along with the registration of my name change.  Grandpa would’ve had both, although he may have destroyed my birth certificate.  It would still be on file with the state, though.  Anyone who wanted to dig a little could find it.”  Sam took another uncomfortable step away from Dean.

Jess laughed.  “There