I’m workin’ construction,” Benny said, punching Cas’s shoulder.

Dean looked between them and asked, “There a reason the two of you aren’t together?”

Benny and Cas looked at each other.  Benny shrugged.  “Like I mentioned, at first we kinda didn’t get along, and by the time I got my head outta my ass about Cas and about likin’ boys, it was too late.”

“My actual brothers are jerks, and Benny became the brother I’d always wanted to have,” Cas said.  “By the time I knew he liked guys, I thought of him as my brother, and he feels the same way.  It would just be too weird, now.”

“I told my real brothers if I ever see ‘em again I’ll kill ‘em, after what they did to my high school girlfriend.”  Benny stopped, clearly not wanting to talk about it.  “Rachel said you two are brothers?”

“Yeah,” Sam said.  “No other family.  Well, technically, Dad’s still alive, but we haven’t spoken to him in over four years.”

“Why not?” Cas asked.

“Me and Dad started butting heads when I was eleven.  By the time I was sixteen, I’d gotten fed up enough to run away,” Sam said.  “Dean and Dad tracked me down in Flagstaff, Arizona.  Dean thought the plan was to knock a little sense into me and bring me home, but Dad beat the shit out of me.”

“To this day I’m still not sure whether Dad would’ve killed him, but I got in the way before he had the chance,” Dean said, taking up the story.  “We ran again that night, to an old friend of Dad’s he’d had a falling out with but who’d always liked the two of us better anyway.  Bobby made sure Dad couldn’t get us.  Gave us a place to stay and made it possible for Sam to finish school.  He’s in college, too.  Full-ride scholarship to Stanford, two years into a history degree and planning on going to law school if he can get in.”

Benny let out a low whistle.  “Damn.  That’s really impressive, Sam.”

Sam ducked his head a little.  It wasn’t that impressive.  Cas was probably at Stanford, too.  “What are you studying, Cas?”

“I’m premed and minoring in philosophy, also at Stanford, obviously,” Cas said.  “I still haven’t decided if I want to actually go to medical school or get into social work.  What do you do, Dean?”

“Auto mechanic,” Dean said.  “Don’t know if you saw my car out there – a ’67 Impala that I got when I turned eighteen and have kept running and taken care of.  It used to be my dad’s, only thing of his I kept.”

“Noticed that Impala when we drove in,” Benny said.  “That yours?  She’s a beaut.”

“Thanks,” Dean said.  “Hard work and a lot of love.”

“If you’re a history major, then how did you meet Charlie?” Cas asked.  “She’s computer science, which seems a little… antithetical.”

“We took the same writing class our first semester and kept getting into fights that disrupted our discussion sessions,” Sam said, and Charlie laughed.  “When the class ended, I realized I was going to miss the fighting, so I asked her to come hang out sometime.  Once I’d convinced her I wasn’t hitting on her, she agreed, and she and Dean bonded over the fact that you will not find bigger geeks anywhere.”

“Dean’s the one who introduced me and Pamela,” Charlie chimed in.  “Been trying to return the favor ever since.”

“By setting him up with unknown friends of friends?” Cas asked, eyebrow raised.  “I think I can tell you why your strategy hasn’t succeeded.”

“Oh, hush, you,” Charlie said.  “Give Dean a chance, you’ll love him.”

 

On the way home, it was quiet.  Dean was the one to break the silence.  “Hey, you think you’re gonna call Benny?”

Sam shrugged.  “We’ve got some common interests and he seems like a nice enough guy, but… I dunno.  Something felt wrong.  Wouldn’t mind hanging out and talking history or shooting pool, but I don’t see anything like Charlie intended happening there.  What about you?  You and Cas seemed to be having a great time.”

“Yeah, we did, but it’s like you said, it doesn’t feel right for more than friendship,” Dean said.  “At least this one was better than when Charlie tried to hook us up with Brady and Gordon, huh?”

Sam laughed at that.  Brady and Gordon… that group date had been a total disaster.  By the end of the