source has to be wrong.”

Castiel looked troubled.  “You were drinking Ruby’s blood?”

“Yeah.  She offered, she showed me how to do stuff like use my powers to exorcise demons, and the blood held off the headaches and nosebleeds.  I’m not doing it now, since I’m only using my powers as a last resort.  But I need strength,” Sam said.

“Why?” Castiel asked.  “Why now more than a year ago when you were trying to save Dean from his deal?”

“Because last year, Dean wasn’t broken, weakened, like he is now,” Sam said.

Cas blinked.  “You think Dean is weak?”

Sam knew he wasn’t imagining the disapproval there, but Castiel had misunderstood.  “This isn’t about him breaking in Hell.  Anyone would have.  This isn’t even about him liking it.  Hell is all about corruption and destruction, I’m not gonna hold anything he did or felt down there against him.  This is about him not being able to accept that he did it, but that it’s over now, and he should forgive himself for it and move on.  I don’t blame him for that, this isn’t his fault, and I know exactly how that kind of guilt works because I’m the same way.  Hopefully, with time and help, he’ll get better.  Until then, I have to be the strong one, help carry him the way he’s always been there to carry me.”

There was silence from Castiel, and when Sam looked up to see if the angel was even still there, he looked very thoughtful.  “And despite this, despite the way I and my colleagues have treated you, especially compared to how Ruby has behaved, you’re freezing yourself in the rain so you won’t call on Ruby and seize that power.”

Sam nodded and turned back to the river.  “Angels, Dean, my own instincts when I’m willing to stop and listen to them, they’re all screaming at me not to go down that road, that if I do it’ll start with good intentions but I’ll end up somewhere I really don’t want to go.”

An odd sound caught Sam’s attention, and he looked up again as he felt Castiel wrapping something around his shoulders.  It was the coat he always wore.  The angel sat beside him, carefully mimicking Sam’s posture.  He noticed Sam’s curious look and his face softened just a little.  “Nothing can keep you dry, but the coat will at least keep you warm.  Or warmer, anyway.  I don’t feel the cold.”

“And you’re hanging around so you can get your coat back when I go back to the room,” Sam guessed.  “Got it.”

“If it were about the coat, I could find you any time I wished to retrieve it.  I simply thought you could use the company.”  Sam was startled, and it obviously showed, as Castiel continued, “I’m not good at social skills, and I’ve certainly given you every reason to dislike me, but you can’t have a book or your computer out in the rain, and it seems to me that having company, even me, would be better for you than having nothing to dwell on but your own thoughts.  From what I’ve seen of humans, trying to avoid thinking about something is the surest way to make it your brain’s favorite topic.”

“Yeah, that’s true enough,” Sam had to admit.  “Why are you doing this?”

“You know what Heaven thinks of you,” Castiel said.

“Which is kinda my point?” Sam said.

“And yet, in the time I’ve actually known you, you have completely failed to live up to that reputation.  You’re supposed to be selfish.  But one of the first things you said to me was calling out the plan to smite the town as wrong, despite your own safety being guaranteed, and it being an effective if brutal way to stop Samhain’s rising.  You’re supposed to be power-hungry, but here we are in the rain so you can avoid taking a dangerous road for quick power.  Power you gave up because your brother asked you to.  You’re supposed to be corrupt, tainted by demon essence from infancy, and therefore have a demon’s heart.  You should be incapable of the love you demonstrate for your brother, the empathy you showed for Anna, for victims in the cases you work.  There is pride within you, and anger, but instead of directing deserved hostility toward me, you’ve shown me nothing but respect.  Were you what Heaven says you are, your pride and anger would never allow that.  You are supposed to be abomination, and yet you shine with the light of goodness.  I was thoroughly confused by you, until today.”

“Confused by what?” Sam had to ask.  He didn’t