chomping down on the inside of Dean's cheek every time he chewed and left it raw, was enough to make Sam shudder with sympathy pain.

He shut off the flashlight, letting Dean put his hand back on his throbbing jaw and fixing his older brother with a no-nonsense stare. "Yeah, so, dentist. Now."

Dean hadn't fought him when Sam had found a nearby oral surgeon and dragged him down there. That indicated he was in nearly unbearable pain, because the older Winchester hated dentists with a burning passion. It was why he always took such good care of his teeth; besides looking nice for the girls, it kept him out of the dentist's chair.

Now, though, he sat quietly with his white-knuckled hands gripping the armrests of the chair, letting the man – Dr. Reave, his nametag read – poke and prod around in his mouth as he looked for the source of all the agonizing pain. Sam sat in a chair on the other side of the room, wincing every time Dean hissed in a pained gasp and tensed, trying not to flinch with pointy metal objects still in his mouth. Finally, the chair was raised and Dean was allowed to close his mouth, which he did with a sigh of relief and a return of his hand to the side of his jaw.

"So what's the verdict?" he asked as the dentist threw his used gloves away and looked at the X-rays he had taken of Dean's teeth.

"Well, Mr. Murdoch, it looks like your wisdom teeth need to be removed – and quickly. Two are growing completely horizontally, so they aren't visible yet except on the X-ray. The other two, the ones on your right side, are growing in but doing so at an angle, which is what's causing you so much pain. There isn't room for them, and cavities have formed where they are still partially buried in the gums."

"My wisdom teeth? Seriously?" Dean shot Sam a look. He'd had his wisdom teeth out already, when he was sixteen. Just like Sam had at seventeen. So how could… "Aw, crap." A moment later, Sam's expression showed that he'd figured it out too. Apparently being completely rebuilt meant Dean was now factory-new again, appendix, tonsils, and wisdom teeth included. Being rehymenated was really starting to suck.

"Definitely 'aw, crap,'" Dr. Reave responded, thinking Dean was referring to what he'd just said. "We can actually get you in today, if you like. I would recommend it. You've already got a fairly severe infection starting up, and it isn't going to get any better until those teeth are gone. I actually can't believe you went this long in life without them giving you trouble."

Dean sighed, his breath shaky as he realized he was about to be in for a world of pain no matter what he chose.

"Sure. Sign me up, I guess."

Dean was a mess by the time the surgery was done. Apparently his teeth were not very cooperative in coming out, and the doctor warned Sam that his incisions would bleed longer and cause him a lot more pain than average for the first couple of days. Sam was going to get his prescriptions filled as soon as he had Dean settled, not wanting him to have to suffer any longer than necessary.

Dean had woken up feeling sick after the anesthesia wore off, not actually puking but getting very close several times, and he was as wobbly as a newborn colt as Sam guided him out to the Impala with Dean's arm thrown across his shoulders and an arm held around his waist. When they finally got him settled in the car, no thanks to Dean's failed attempts at "helping," he didn't stop talking the entire way, muttering around the gauze in his mouth in gibberish Sam couldn't understand at all.

"S'mmy," he mumbled, poking at his swollen cheeks with wide eyes. "Ah can' feew mah faith."

"You're not supposed to be able to feel your face, Dean," Sam said patiently, keeping his eyes on the road and trying not to laugh. "It would hurt like hell if you could."

"Ohhh," Dean said, as if Sam had just revealed some great profound truth to him. "Buh… Wiw I evah be ab'e to feew i' agin?"

"Yes, Dean," Sam said, not completely suppressing his chuckle this time. "You'll be able to feel it again in a couple of hours. Now stop talking or you'll make the incisions bleed more."

"Mmkay."

Sam was relieved when they finally got back to the motel, because Dean immediately flopped down onto the bed, spitting the old gauze into the trashcan by the bed and letting Sam fold up two new ones for him to stick in his mouth. Then he curled up on his side and fell asleep again, mouth open