your essay marks, but right now, I’m thinking you did good and can stop worrying yourself over this.  Eat some ice cream.”  Sam shoved a menu over to Cas.  “They have that honey sundae you love so much.”

“Ooh!”  Finally, Cas relaxed a little.  He went right back on guard when the waitress came to take their orders and smirked a little at them.  This was not what he had to admit it would look like to an outsider.  Sam blushing a little when he caught the smirk and stammering through ordering his chocolate monstrosity was not helping.  It was too darn cute.

 

Dean never showed up.  An hour later, Cas and Sam’s ice cream long gone, Dean texted and said he’d gotten caught up with helping Charlie review for a computer test.  That night, Castiel found Dean.  “What was that?”

“What was what?”  Dean took a giant bite of pie.

“Not showing up this afternoon.”

“Charlie…”

Cas wrinkled his nose as the crumbs sprayed on Dean’s bed.  “Doesn’t have a test for the next two weeks.  So what were you doing?”

Dean grinned, not the least bit apologetic.  “I was busy being not there.  You and Sam have fun?”

“Dean, I told you.  It’s not like that.  Sam was quite embarrassed by the whole thing.”  Not that Castiel hadn’t secretly enjoyed it, except for realizing how upset Sam was about Dean’s not showing.  “Don’t do that again.”

“Whatever you say.  You’re an idiot, but fine.”  Dean shoved more pie in his mouth and turned back to his movie.

 

“Dean.  This is not funny.”  Castiel threw the letter at his friend.  “Sam didn’t write that.”

Dean took the letter.  “Write what?”  He started laughing as he read it.  “Sam wrote you a love letter?  Wow.  I knew he had it bad for you, but this is… this is amazing.”

“Sam did nothing.  Someone else wrote this.”  Someone named Dean - or if not Dean, someone who had been wrangled into it by Dean.  Castiel would bet his entire sword collection.

Dean raised an eyebrow at him.  “How do you know?”

“Because Sam’s been helping me develop my writing skills, so I’m very familiar with his writing style.  This is not his voice.”  It wasn't really Dean's, either, but Dean would have been trying to hide who actually wrote it.

“So what makes you think I did it?  I assume that’s why you’re interrupting me in the middle of figuring out this math homework.”

“Of course that’s why I’m here!  Who else would try to make me think Sam…”

“What about me?”  Sam poked his head in.

Dean handed him the letter.  “Cas thinks I wrote this.”

Sam took the letter and almost immediately went scarlet.  “Cas, I didn’t… this isn’t… I didn’t write this.  I don’t… it wasn’t me.”

“I know, Sam.  I thought it was Dean.  He’s been… annoying, lately.”  Cas looked over at Dean, who was still cackling a little.  “I may be wrong.”

“Dean, knock it off.  Stop harassing me and Cas.  I would hate to see what you’d do to people you don’t like if this is how you treat your friends.”  Sam balled up the letter and threw it at Dean before storming off.

Cas was torn, but decided to stay and yell at Dean.  “See that?  Even if I did like Sam the way you think I do, he’s mortified by the idea.  So quit pushing it before you ruin a friendship.”

Dean got to his feet.  He had his serious face on.  “He’s mortified by the idea of you finding out that he likes you that way.  He’s got this ridiculous idea that he’s too young and stupid for you, despite tutoring you, and that you’d never even think twice about him.  That he’s lucky you put up with the tagalong little brother barging in on your friendship with me.  Now I don’t know what the hell your problem is, but I do know you love him.  You’re a terrible liar, and an even worse actor.  So get over yourself and go tell Sam that.  No excuses.  Just talk to him and tell him the goddamn truth.”  He shoved Cas out into the hall and slammed his door.

 

Cas found Sam lying on his bed, face down in his pillow.  “Sam?  May I come in?”

Sam sat up, his face still pinker than usual.  “I’m so sorry about Dean.  He’s… he’s an idiot.  I know you don’t see me that way.  I’m just happy to be a little brother, really.”

“Dean’s been