?”

Dean shrugged.  “Demons are creatures of pure evil, hate humans.  Supposedly created by the devil himself after his fall from Heaven, but that’s gotta be bullshit.  They possess humans to have a corporeal form on Earth, and what we need to do is rip the demon out of your buddy, and then send it back to Hell.”  He checked his lines, making sure they were straight.  “Bobby got into hunting because his wife was killed by a demon.  This demon may have killed your friend, Sammy.  They have to take a living human, but they can hold the human together and repair the damage as long as it’s in there.  Once they’re gone, whatever happened to the human happens.”

“So if it’s a demon, we may be killing Brady with the exorcism.”  Sam looked a little ill at the thought.

Dean hopped off the chair and put it back.  “Yep.  On the other hand, if we don’t do the exorcism, your buddy gets to sit in there while the demon uses his body to hurt people.  You think he’d prefer that to death?”

“Brady would rather die.”  Sam pulled himself together with a sharp nod.  “How do we exorcize him?”

“There’s a spell.  Book’s in the bag, page is marked.  You keeping up with your Latin?”

“No, but I bet I’m still better than you.”  Dean smirked as Sam got the book and read over the spell.

They heard the door opening, and Dean hid in the closet.  Sam with his nose in a book apparently was still normal enough that Brady didn’t even think twice, but when he stepped into the devil’s trap, he changed.  “Sammy!  What’s going on?”

Dean came out and came to stand by Sam.  “Bobby said this part gets tricky, so whatever happens, just keep reading.  Got it?”

Sam nodded.  “You’re not Brady.  You’re a demon.”

“Wow.  And it only took you three months to figure it out!”  Demon-Brady laughed.  “Brady’s not the first person I’ve possessed to keep an eye on you, buddy.  Your whole life, I’ve been right there beside you.”

“Sammy, start reading.”  Sam jumped a little, but he started reading out the first part of the exorcism.

The demon laughed.  “That tickles!  Hey, Dean.  Just so you know, your brother is awesome in the sack.”

Dean glanced over at Sam.  “Keep reading.  He’s just trying to annoy you.”

“Oh, what was her name… Rebecca?  Rachel?”  The demon shrugged.  “Anyway, Dean, just thought you might like to know.  How you keep your hands off…”

Sam nearly dropped the book.  Dean steadied it for him.  “Keep reading, Sammy.  Ignore him.”

The demon was starting to twitch, flailing around now.  “Didn’t you know?  Sammy there is head over heels in love with you, Deano!  He’d let you do whatever you wanted to him.”

“You’re full of crap.”  Dean glared at Sam.  “Sam.  Read.  We’ve gotta be getting close if it’s that desperate to mess with us.”

“Oh, I’m not full of crap.  Sammy know that.  After all, he confessed it to Father O’Malley, when he was fifteen and thinking about joining the Catholic church!”

That gave Dean pause.  He remembered that phase, and Father O’Malley.  He glanced over at Sammy, who this time didn’t need to be told to keep reading.  The demon screamed as Sam started spitting out Latin faster than Dean had ever heard it spoken, and black smoke poured out of Brady’s mouth.  Brady slumped to the floor, unconscious, and Sam kept the Latin going, forcing the black smoke downward, disappearing through the floor.

Sam closed the book and went to kneel by Brady, taking his pulse and checking for breathing.  “He’s alive, but weak.  Hospital?”

“What are you gonna tell them?”

“I don’t know!  I can’t just let him die, though.”

Brady stirred, and his eyes opened.  “Sam.  Thank you.”

“Brady?”

Brady coughed, and Dean winced at the blood that came up.  “Don’t bother with the hospital.  First thing that demon did when it possessed me is jump out of a fifteenth-story window.  Listen.  That demon… he’s…” Brady coughed again.  “His father wants you for something.  I don’t know what.  Azazel.  He…”  Brady coughed again.  “He killed your mother.”

“Brady… no.  This isn’t… there’s gotta be something…”

Brady shook his head and closed his eyes.  His breathing slowed to a stop.  Sam started crying.  Dean crouched beside him to hug him.  “You heard him, Sammy.  Fifteenth-story.