Sorry, I’ll just…”

Castiel caught Sam’s arm as he reached for the remote.  “Wait.  It’s… relevant.”

“Um, okay.”  Sam sat back down on his bed.  If a guy with his tongue up another guy’s ass was relevant, Sam was pretty sure he’d need to be sitting down.

Castiel sat beside him.  “I know that you were never truly satisfied with my explanation for why I broke up with you, this last time,” Castiel started.  “I’m sorry for that.  I needed to make some choices, and I didn’t know how long it would take me to do that.  Not all of them involved you, but some of them did.”

“Choices like what?”

“Naomi has concerns about my relationship with you.”

Sam nodded and bit his lip.  “If being with me is going to cause problems for you upstairs, then I get it.  Are we talking about you’re leaving entirely, or just that things are over for good and I should try to move on?”

“Neither, I hope.”  Cas smiled gently and reached for Sam’s hand.  “Please stop assuming the worst of yourself.  Naomi has concerns.  It’s not you specifically.  Naomi was always a believer in actions over prophecies, and your actions have proved you to be human.  Mistakes included.”  Sam chuckled.  “Historically relationships between humans and angels end up causing problems.  There hasn’t been an actual relationship for thousands of years, although I’m sure you’re aware of Gabriel’s activities.”

Sam made a face, remembering the last message from Gabriel.  He was a little too aware of Gabriel’s activities.  “Okay, so how do we avoid them?  I don’t want to get you in trouble.”

“For the most part, they’re taken care of.  I’m already dedicated to doing all I can for Heaven, so being with you isn’t going to cause me to neglect my duties, and as long as no one starts another Apocalypse or civil war it’s unlikely that Heaven will start interfering with Earth again.  Naomi is of the opinion that we’ve got enough of a mess in Heaven that ignoring Earth until we’ve sorted ourselves out is the best policy.  Me working with you and Dean is an exception, because of the friendship the three of us have already established.”

“That’s good.  So what are the problems that aren’t taken care of?”

“It may be.  This is more of a hypothetical problem.  It was when I started trying to figure out how to have this conversation that Naomi demanded to meet with me about things.”  Castiel glanced over to the TV.  “Romantic relationships usually involve sex, don’t they?”

“Usually, yes, but they don’t have to.  If you’re not interested, that’s okay with me.”

“I don’t know.  It’s not something angels ever have much reason to think about.  I wasn’t sure if you not bringing it up was that you weren’t interested, that you didn’t think I would be, or if you were denying yourself something you wanted because you somehow still see yourself as unworthy of such intimacy with an angel, even a fallen one.”

“Both of those last two.  I’m sorry, Cas. I’m trying to get over it, and if you say I’m worthy then even if I don’t agree I can at least accept that you’re the one who gets the final say.”

“Good.  I was a bit concerned about my vessel, but…”

“Your vessel’s fine.  Great.”

“Good.  Then Naomi’s other concern is irrelevant and if you’ll take me back I can return to you.”

“What was her other concern?”

“Nephilim.”

Sam was blank for a moment until the lore came back to him.  “Oh, yeah.  That’s forbidden, right?  So Naomi was worried that I’d make you switch to a female vessel so we could have sex, and we’d accidentally have a baby?”

“Something like that.”

Sam shook his head.  “Wow.  No.  I’m not making you switch vessels and if you brought it up I’d have tried to talk you out of it.  So… you are interested?”

“I’m curious, at least.  I’m willing to give it a chance and see if I like it.  If you’re interested.”

“I’m interested.  And, look, this may be kind of sudden, but Dean’s gone for the night, so…”

“One could argue that this is not sudden at all.  We’ve been together for over a year, if you only count the time we were together.  Several years if you count the various breaks.”

“Fair enough.”  Sam got to his feet, not even bothering to hide the stupid grin that he knew must