s punch. 

“Dude, it’s me.”

Dean could call the thing out on its mistake – as though it honestly thinks Dean would believe this is Sam when Sam’s got the Hundred Years of Lucifer show racing through his head – but he’s too busy trying to beat the living crap out of it.

Before he knifes this son of a bitch, he’s gonna make sure it feels every ounce of rage (and worry and guilt and fucking fear-)

Suddenly, long leg hooks around Dean’s right knee, his weak one, and pulls.  Startled, Dean barely manages to twist enough to avoid an awkwardly placed fall onto his back.  But though he ends up on his side, pushing his hands underneath him to get back to his feet as quickly as possible, he’s too slow.  Large, strong hands push him to the ground and the thing fucking straddles him, keeping his shoulders pinned to the ground.

“I’m going to kill you, you fucking-“

“It’s me, you idiot,” Sam hisses (no, that is not his fucking brother.)

Dean says nothing; just grits his teeth and pushes himself up against the hold.

Doesn’t work.  He knew he shouldn’t have skimped out on his abdominal work yesterday, goddamnit-

The thing sighs and sits back very slightly, still keeping up the pressure on Dean’s upper torso.  “First time you made me drink beer,” he says with a roll of his eyes, “I spat it out and cried.”

For a moment, Dean stops struggling.  “You could have got him to tell you-“ he starts.  Maybe-Sam groans.

“First time you drank beer-“

“Alright, alright,” he says hastily.  “You can get off me now, bitch.”

Sam (yeah, okay, probably) lets out a soft huff as he relaxes his hold.  “Pretty sure that you’re the bitch in this situation, Dean-“

Dean surges up and flips them in one easy, smooth movement.

“You were saying?”

 

“So how are you not…you know…”

“Crazy?” Sam finishes for him.  “How do you think?”

“I don’t know, did you spend a hundred and twenty years playing Monopoly?”

His brother grins.  “Don’t know how well that would have ended.  I’m pretty sure Lucifer would have rigged all the Chance cards, for one thing.”  His grin twists, eyes shadowing, till the humour’s gone completely.  “No,” Sam says quietly.  “I.  I remember.  And…”  He tries for another smile, but it doesn’t work.  “Yeah.  No Monopoly.  But it’s alright.  Cas fixed me.”

Everything’s not fitting together.  “What.”

“Cas.  Castiel.  You know, messenger of God and all-“

“Thought he was God,” Dean mutters reflexively before what he said sinks in.  “Wait, Castiel fixed you.  I’m-A-Hardcore-God-Who-Isn’t-Going-To-Make-My-Best-Friend’s-Brother-Not-Crazy Castiel fixed you?”

Sam sighs.  “Yeah.  Not so much Crazy Cas now.  But yeah, he fixed me”

“Death told me he was going to do something, but – well, this is fucking awesome!”

It is.  Sam fixed, Cas not crazy anymore, Raphael off their backs (no way Dean’s feeling guilty about Raphael’s death, even if he feels for her poor vessel) and a super-powered angel with them-

“Dean.  Dean!”

Reluctantly, Dean forces himself up and out of his euphoria-induced haze.  “What?” he grouses, but immediately sobers up when he sees the expression on Sam’s face – a complicated mix of sorrow and concern.

“Cas isn’t…”  Sam swallows heavily.  “He hasn’t got long left.”

Dean had been looking slightly away from his brother.  But at those words he looks up at Sam, wide-eyed.  “What?”

And fuck, that concern’s for him.  For Dean.  But Dean doesn’t get why, can’t do anything but stare blankly as Sam continues in a quiet, gentle tone.  “Cas isn’t crazy anymore.  But the souls…they’re burning him up from inside. So he’s going to fix everything, and then…”

“And then he can chuck them out, right?” Dean asks.  He’s not pleading, he’s not.  “We can open another gate to Purgatory, put them back in the box-“

“They’ve latched onto his Grace, Cas says.”  Sam shakes his head.  “I don’t really get it, to be honest.  But he won’t be able to get them out; they’ll do anything to stop from being shut back in Purgatory.  But he says there’s a way to contain them so he can wait.”

“For what.”

There