. Your world froze at his contact your body tensing in the pleasure of the roughness and warmth of his touch. It doesn’t go unnoticed by Dean who looked up into your eyes for a moment like he could feel how body you wanted him.

“Do you want to finish this another time?” Dean asked his hand resting right next to your legs on the couch. Your breath caught in your chest keeping you from saying “Please Fuck Me!” right then and there.

“I’m not that tired though.” You whispered taking a chance. His eyes darted down to your chest noting your heavier breathing. 

“Would you like to do something else?” Dean asked his body rising to sit up straighter moving his hand down the side of your leg a bit. 

“Like what?” You question back your heart feeling like it was in your throat. 

“What if I told you that I really want to kiss you.” Dean almost moaned leaning closer to you. Your eyes focused on his plump pink lips being licked by his tongue quickly waiting for your answer. 

“I would say your joking.” You smiled trying to see if he was playing with you. He smiled back at your only to rise on the couch and lean over you. His hand weaving into your hair at the base of your skull to tip your head back giving him the perfect angle to firmly kiss your needing mouth. His lips were hot and easily able to part your lips allowing him access to your open mouth. You moan around his tongue as his hand went to your neck, the other moving to you are over on the couch allowing him space to lay against your body. He legs were on either side of your hips with your legs pushed around his hips as well. Your hands went to his neck and shoulder holding him against you not wanting the moment to end. He pulled back from your lips licking his bottom lip again looking into your (Y/C) eyes.

“Do you still think I’m joking?” His voice was only a fraction above a whisper against your face. 

“What if I told you I’ve wanted to fuck you for over a year now.” You confess the heat of lust and need letting the truth slip from your lips. The taste of beer in your mouth from Dean making you moan thinking of his kiss again.

“I would say, why didn’t you tell me sooner.” He chuckled kissing you quickly before standing and reaching out a hand to you. You take it being pulled off the couch quickly by Dean’s strong arms. He wrapped his arms around your waist pulling you closer to his body his hands going down to grip your ass firmly pressing his dick into your lower stomach. 

“What if I said I also wanted Sam?” You blush at this one feeling Dean’s hands grip harder at his brother’s name.

“I would say, you are mine tonight. I don’t mind sharing if that’s what you really want, but I’d like to keep you for myself until you decide.” He said seriously no hint of the playful Dean that had been on the couch a moment ago.

“Then make me yours.” You whisper pushing your lips against his. His mouth never leaving your as he lifts you around his hips and walks over to the hallway down to his room door. He pushed you against it pressing his body harshly against the door. You grunt only pushing your mouth harder against his even nipping at his bottom lip. He moaned back at the action rolling his hips and hard member into your open legs. Your hand finds his door knob turning it and thrusting the door open before wrapping it back around his strong neck. He threw you on the bed looking at your pushed-up shorts giving him small glances of your light green underwear. Dean’s hand rubbed over his dick imprint in his jeans, his member straining to be released. You bite your lip rubbing your hands down your chest to the bottom of your tank top. You pull it up your body teasingly slow taking your time rolling the thin fabric over your breast stopping just under your chin. 

“What if I told you I have had dreams of you in my bed before?” Dean hummed watching your spread your legs wider then shutting them before grabbing your breasts lightly. 

“I would say, I have had the same dreams most nights.” You smile pinching your nipples watching how Dean’s eyes following your hands cupping and rubbing your body. Dean couldn’t take it anymore he pulled his t-shirt off quickly throwing it behind him as he shoved his jeans down with his boxers freeing his large penis. You gasped your right hand on your clothed pussy while you are left pinched your nipple. Dean grabbed your legs pushing you further on the bed so he could climb between your legs. His hand your shorts pulling them down your legs along with your underwear exposing your slick folds to the older brother. 

“What if I told you I have never been eaten out?” You whispered softly pushing your folds open with your fingers. Dean stilled for a moment looking into your