- it's lower, criss-crossing her pelvis. Her hands are cut up too, marked where she obviously tried to protect herself, and her face is so disfigured from the strangulation that Dean doubts her friends would recognise her now. Only her feet and legs are unmarked: white and perfect. Looking at the body tells Dean that Sam's right that they're dealing with some sick evil, but apart from that it doesn't give them any new information.

They end up driving disconsolately around in the rain, looking for the place where Brianna's body was found. The police have proved strangely intransigent when it comes to giving strangers details of their murder reports, and 'in the woods' isn't really giving them enough to go on.

On their fourth circuit of the outskirts of town, Dean suddenly spots Paige standing at a bus stop, looking wet and miserable. After the scene in the library it had seemed unwise to press her any further, but her reappearance now feels like a gift. He pulls the car over.

'Want a lift somewhere?'

Paige gets in the car without a second of hesitation, and Dean feels like giving her a lecture on the insanity of driving off with strange men when her friend's just been butchered. That would be a bit self-defeating, though. He bites his lip and checks they've got no weapons on view instead.

'I'm sorry I freaked out in the library,' Paige says. 'I guess I'm a bit out of control at the moment - hormones.'

'Paige,' Sam says gently. 'Your friend just died, you have no need to apologise for getting upset.'

'I shouldn't be getting upset,' Paige says, her voice unsteady. 'I should be getting angry.'

'Angry?' Sam asks, and then, 'Say, Paige, d'you have somewhere you need to be right away? You seem like you could use someone to talk to, and I for one feel like it would be easier to concentrate on talking if I had some food inside me.'

For a minute Dean's confused - why interrupt when it sounds like she's just about to get onto telling them something useful? - but then he realises that quizzing the kid about a bloody murder while she's trapped in the car with them might not be the best way to make her feel like she's safe. Besides, Paige is too thin - all birdlike bones and scrawny face around her rounded belly and boobs - and she could probably use a decent meal or three.

'Sammy-boy here's always hungry,' he says. 'You know a place round here we can talk while we eat?'

They end up in a little family pizza joint, pretty much empty this early on a weeknight. The Italian waitress clearly shares Dean's opinion of Paige's need for food, because she brings them plates of antipasti on the house and urges the girl to eat. She doesn't seem to think it's strange that two grown men should be eating with a fifteen-year-old girl, and after a while Dean realises that she's assumed they're family. Paige does look a little like him - green eyes, at least - and when you think that il Colosso is his brother it's not such a stretch of the imagination that people might mistake her for his sister. Hell, thinking about it, she's young enough that she could be his goddamn daughter.

It seems as if Paige has forgotten the emotion she felt in the car; she chatters on to them both quite freely, talking about her pregnancy and her hopes of getting an apartment for her and the baby and maybe going back to school someday.

'It's so cool that the first thing you said to me was "congratulations",' she says to Dean. 'Most people are all "oh, sorry" and "are you going to keep the baby?" Or else they look at me like I'm some kind of whore and ask me whether I know who the father is. You just... treated me like a person.'

Dean shifts in his seat, embarrassed.

'Well, we're not so much about the judging people. You're pregnant, you're happy, your kid won't have any weirder a life than most people.'

Sam shoots him a look before agreeing, 'Yeah, anyone can see you're gonna be a good mom.'

He regards Paige seriously from under his bangs for a moment, then applies himself to his plate of pasta once more.

The conversation lulls until the waitress brings them coffee, hot milk and biscotti - 'Mangia! Mangia!' - and presses a glass of some kind of sweet liqueur on Sam and Dean. Finally there's no way to ignore the real reason they're there any longer.

'Paige?' Dean says quietly. 'When you said you should be angry about Brianna, what did you mean?'

As soon as he asks the question he realises that Paige