to get into right now.

Deciding that there really wasn't a better alternative, Sam sat down and picked up the sandwich, taking a small bite to taste it since he hadn't eaten one of these in years. It was surprisingly wonderful. Neither the peanut butter nor the jelly was layered too thickly, and the piece of bread that was covered in jelly had become saturated with the sugary sweetness, a slight stickiness bleeding through where the bread was starting to turn purple.

Immediately Sam sighed with pleasure, remembering back to all the times Dean had made these for him as a kid. He had thought his older brother was some kind of magician back then, able to make something so good for him and make it look so easy. Even when he'd grown old enough to make them for himself, they only really tasted right when Dean made them. And years later, when Jess used to make them for him as a quick snack between classes, they took on a whole new layer of sentimental value that he'd almost forgotten about until right this moment.

Sam was midway through the sandwich and had just taken an enormous bite of the sweet, gooey treat when he suddenly heard a loud slam of metal on metal from down the hall. Intellectually he knew that it was just Castiel shutting the door to one of the archives too loudly – after all, he and Dean did that all the time. But for some reason, today the noise startled him quite a bit, and before he knew what had happened he gasped sharply, the sound cutting off abruptly as the bit of sandwich he had been eating caught firmly in his windpipe.


Oh, crap.


Sam swallowed once, twice, and nothing felt any different. He slapped his chest and tried to cough, tried again and again to gag or retch or anything to get the bit of sandwich to move out of his throat, but the sticky dough and peanut butter weren't budging enough for him to do so. Heart starting to race with panic, he reached for the beer, realizing with dismay that it was completely empty when he put it to his lips and tried to take a sip.


Oh, crap. Oh, crap. Someone help me I can't breathe…


"C… sss…" he squeaked, knowing the angel probably couldn't hear the pitiful attempt at calling for him. Black dots began dancing in front of his eyes as his hands wrapped around his throat, fingers kneading his neck and trying in vain to massage the obstruction back up toward his mouth enough that he could cough it out. His blood was roaring in his ears, heartbeat throbbing painfully in his throat as the muscles spasmed again and again in an attempt to get rid of the intruder they knew shouldn't be sitting there.

Finally, too weak to struggle anymore and with tears of hopelessness and panic streaming from his eyes, Sam dropped to his knees, waiting for the blackness to claim him for one last time and hoping it would at least be quick.

"C…sss…"

Castiel had just left the archives with a few heavy books in his hands, and he was planning to head back to the library to read over them and see if he could gain any valuable insight on how Gadreel might be masking himself. If he just knew that, he might be able to track his wayward brother down before he could cause any more trouble. But when his ears picked up a barely perceptible, very airy sound, he froze in place to listen more closely.

"Sam?" the angel asked quietly, thinking he had heard his name whispered from the kitchen. But why would Sam be whispering now? He always called for Dean or Cas loudly when they were here, since they might be quite a distance away and many of the rooms in the bunker were partially soundproofed. So maybe he had only imagined it.

Still, something was nagging at him now, a feeling that Sam might really need him or be in some kind of trouble. Spinning on his heel, he jogged to the kitchen where Sam was eating the peanut butter and jelly sandwich he had abandoned a minute ago.

Or, at least, that's what he was supposed to have been doing.

Cas stared at Sam in confusion for a few precious seconds, not comprehending why the youngest Winchester would suddenly be on the ground with his hands around his throat. And then Sam's wide, wet eyes landed on the angel and he squeaked again, mouth gaping like a fish's as he struggled to pull in air without success and his hands scrabbled against his throat again. His skin looked pale, almost gray, and his lips were tinged a light lavender color.

It clicked a moment later, and Castiel dropped the books to the floor an instant before he was at Sam's side, touching two fingers to his neck to clear the obstruction away. But for some reason, nothing changed with his touch. Sam continued to gag and choke, and Castiel felt the first brief flutter of panic when he realized that for whatever reason, he could not access his stolen grace now, when he needed it