, another lie as his heart gives him away again, not that Cas needs it to tell him.

Dean vowed to never go on a hunt again. Being a hunter was his life, it was what he did and at times all he lived for. This scares Cas more than he can admit. How he could just give up on doing what he’d spent his whole life devoted to was frightening. He’d never known Dean to give up on anything, and any waver in resolve was always temporary.

It shames Cas that it makes him angry. Dean doesn’t deserve to feel like this.

“Bullshit,” Cas growls. “Stop pretending, Dean. I didn’t push you about it before you left to hunt. I had to find you were in hospital, from Sam’s phone call, who didn’t even know until a nurse rang him.”

“Let it go,” Dean says softly, his expression shutting down again. He finally raises his gaze to Cas’s, and the stare is steady enough that Cas doesn’t believe it. He knows he’s pushed him too far already to go back now. If he doesn’t he’ll never find out and it won’t go away, he just won’t know how to help him.

Cas’s hands frame Dean’s face, and he watches him shudder. Cas closes the space between them, resting his forehead lightly against Dean’s, his ribs against Dean’s. He hopes the proximity, in some desperate thought, might convince him.

The light in the room is now cold, and all the warmth it might have had is gone. The only sound is Cas’s calm breathing, and Dean’s erratic rise and fall of his chest.

“No.” Cas is scared. He has only words to help him, and it’s not enough. He’s sick of Dean not talking to him.It feels reminiscent of the apocalypse when he had a purpose, when Dean could barely function. He’s angry and he can’t afford to be. Dean – whose saved thousands if not millions of people, whose always been relied on to never give up even when everyone else had – does not deserve this. He doesn’t deserve Cas’s anger at the injustice, either.

Dean’s eyes close before they can betray tears. His whole body shudders between Cas and the wall, two unmovable objects. He’s acting like a trapped animal more so than before, and Cas needs to know he’ll give in before he snaps. “Don’t,” the word is a whisper. “Don’t, Cas, please. Just leave it.”

“Dean, let me help you.” Cas’s thumbs stroke Dean’s face, and he waits until Dean’s breathing calms again before he says anything else. “You have to let someone in, sometime. Tell me what’s wrong.”

Dean’s eyes open, and this time they are dry. “No, Cas. There’s nothing to say, man,” his voice has steadied, his hands come to cover Cas’s in a weak grip.

“Let me in, Dean. I’m not going to hurt you.” He watches Dean swallow visibly, avoiding Cas’s gaze again. Warring with himself. Cas shakes his head. It’s not like he hadn’t expected Dean to just tell him. He knew him better than that.

“You can’t fix it, Cas. You can’t help, so just leave it, okay?” As the words wrench themselves from Dean, Cas feels Dean’s hands turn into desperate claws. “Cas please. You can’t just zap me and everything will be fine!”

Cas ignores this. Dean’s skin, despite the proximity, is cold and clammy as if he’s unreachable, unaffected by anything but his own thoughts that twist themselves into barbs in the former hunter’s brain.

“I’m not going to hurt you. I won’t. You know I won’t,” Cas says. “I can help you, if you let me. Dean.”

He sees Dean’s careful expression crumple, and he knows he’s finally got through to him. Relief floods through him. His grip on Cas’s hands is becoming painful, but he doesn’t care. He barely feels it through the small victory.

“There’s nothing for me, Cas.”

The angel frowns. “Elaborate.”

“No,” the word makes Cas’s heart sink. He has to keep going with this, and it’s hurting both of them. It’s the only way.

Cas nods. “If you can’t tell me-”

“That’s me just letting you in, Cas,” the words escape from Dean in a rush, laced with cynicism as if Cas has taken something precious from him.  He’s defensive, and Cas needs to stop him before