up as a story is told? Have you seen how big he can smile when a terrible joke is made but he still thinks it's funny? Have you seen the way he walks and carries himself?

Dead. Have you seen his corpse? Have you seen him bleeding out on the ground? Have you seen him, frozen and broken? Have you seen him? Have you seen him?

"No, no sign of Cas." The guy shook his head, "Not that I've noticed anyway."

Dean nodded and moved on to the next person, and the next and the next until he was satisfied. No one had seen Castiel.

"He's one of the ones that was kidnapped, maybe?" Sam looked at Dean as he approached his brother's side. "Alastair takes men once in a while, not that often but sometimes."

Dean nodded, "Well we'd know that, wouldn't we?" he could feel his blood boiling. Castiel at that maniac's mercy, the thought of it made him wretch. "So we find them, gut them, and take back the people who were abducted."


Castiel sighed softly and nestled in the familiarity of his sheets, his body heavy and his eyes refused to open. He knew the press of the mattress on his back, the smooth warmth of his blankets over his bare chest, and the awkward shift in his pillow every time he angled his head a different way. He was home but it felt like it was missing something.



His brow furrowed briefly before a rough, heated hand touched his chest and drifted down his abdomen, skin sliding on skin in the most delicate way a man's hand could be. Cas relaxed again, that was better. He felt the bed dip and though he couldn't open his eyes just yet he knew the presence that loomed over him.


"Dean," He whispered and smiled when soft lips pressed to his. Castiel opened his mouth and deepened the kiss, he tasted Dean again and it made his mouth water. That was all he wanted, he just wanted to wake up, sleepy and unwilling to move with Dean beside him.

"You gotta wake up, Cas." Dean kissed him again; a free hand pushed through his hair and fingers started to dig. Castiel flinched, it hurt a little but Dean's touches hadn't ever been that soft.

"Not so hard," Cas muttered when Dean did it again.

"That's not me."


Cas' forehead crinkled and he scrunched up his face. That wasn't Dean touching his head? He sniffed a couple times and realized he couldn't smell anything, and if he could it wasn't something he knew. "Dean…" He murmured again, this time he felt all familiarity leave him. "Am I dreaming?"


"Yeah, baby. Sorry."

Castiel opened his eyes slowly; he blinked carefully and took in the immediate surroundings. It was a very dim room, there was a bit of light pouring in from cracks in the walls but that was about it. Cas could hear the soft sounds of crying around him, a shuffle of clothing and other such noises that people generally made. He inhaled gently to make sure his breathing hadn't been disrupted after the punch to his gut, it was fine though a bit sore. He was disappointed, not because he wasn't at home but because Dean wasn't there with him, they weren't kissing and they weren't about to fuck. He was cold and alone, other than the people present. But then, if he had been right earlier, they were all women and he was pretty much alone in that regard.

It was funny, actually. He'd been telling himself just the other day how he'd settle for being kidnapped, as long as he was taken away from that town. Weird how actually experiencing it could change someone's mind.

"Where are we?" Cas asked quietly, he didn't want to spook anyone but it didn't seem to help, there was still the sound of startled voices.

"We're on a train." The first to speak up was someone he recognized, he looked over to see Jo Harvelle tied up close by. "Basically like cargo, the goods from the caravan are in here too."

"A train?" He squinted at her as if she'd just spoken Spanish to him, his voice sounded like he'd swallowed gravel. "How far did we go?"

"Far enough. I think they hijacked it before they hit town, maybe that's how they got to us without anyone knowing anything about it." She leaned her head back against the wall and closed her eyes. Jo had always been one of the tougher girls in town, kind of unpopular because of that but Castiel didn't care one way or the other. Really he liked her tenacity, if anyone had the nerve to go out into the world and do things it was Jo Harvelle, much like her mother. He'