flirting!” Dean denied again, his tongue darting out to slowly dampen his lips as he gazed up at Bobby through lowered lashes.

“You can’t help yourself, Dean! It’s what a nymph does! You’re designed to flirt, and Sam’s designed to react. We’ve just been lucky he hasn’t thrown you to the floor and taken advantage of the invitation, yet.”

A particularly loud series of thumps could be heard coming from the bathroom, followed by even louder groans, and Dean’s skin flushed pink with want, making him almost luminous in the dim light of the room. Dean slid from his seat and hovered by the bathroom door, his hands caressing the wood as he leaned against it.

“Dean!” Bobby shouted, bounding across the room, but stopping a couple of feet away, his hands flitting nervously as he tried to figure out what to do. “Get away from the door! I can’t touch you, or…it might go really bad, Dean.”

“Sam?” Dean purred huskily, ignoring the man behind him. “Tell me what you’re doing, Sam….”

The door bowed outwards as Sam slammed against it, Dean’s body almost flying into Bobby’s as he rebounded away from the force of Sam’s hit against the wood.

Bobby ducked out of the way just in time, Dean falling back on the carpet as the bathroom door continued to shake in its frame, as if Sam had somehow lost the ability to figure out its mechanics, too trapped in his lust to think clearly.

Bobby glanced from Dean, who was slowly getting to his hands and knees and crawling sensually towards the door, every motion suggestive, to the bathroom door that continued to rattle in its frame, the loud creaks indicating it wouldn’t hold for much longer.

“God-dammit,” Bobby cursed. “We gotta get you outta here.”

With that announcement, Bobby grabbed the bedspread and threw it over Dean, blocking his bare skin from sight and touch, and tossed the now gift wrapped man over his shoulder.

“We’ll be back when you’re done, Sam,” Bobby called from the door, and he hightailed it out of the room with a wriggling Dean clawing at him through the blankets.

And good God-damn, if that wasn’t more arousing than it should have been. 

                                                                            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Since Dean had actual feet, he was selected to drive the Impala back to Bobby’s, while Sam was relegated to unwilling passenger in Bobby’s truck. Bobby felt it was best to keep the brothers separated, because it had gotten to point if they spent any extended time together, the results turned out more and more embarrassing for those who might be unfortunate enough to witness it.

Bobby had enough to confess as it was already.

Sam didn’t take the separation kindly, and while Dean wasn’t too enthused about the prospect, Sam actually became a little violent. Not only did he have some of the physical features of a goat, but he was just as stubborn, and refused to listen to reason with Dean preening just beyond his reach.

Boy was a damn tease.

The only recourse was to drug Sam and heft him into the cab of Bobby’s truck, and lifting over six feet of pure muscle on his own wasn’t easy since Dean had to keep his distance, or risk arousing Sam from his slumber in more ways than one.

Even with Sam medicated, the trip didn’t go as smoothly as Bobby had hoped. It turned into a near cavalcade, what with Dean’s penchant for sudden nudity.

The older man wasn’t sure how Dean managed it, but even with Bobby trailing directly behind the Impala, Sam seatbelted at his side, Dean somehow managed to strip down from the clothes Bobby had forced on him to nothing more than his birthday suit, without ever wavering from his lane.

With Dean being what he was, this attracted the attention of passing male motorists. More than a few pickup trucks, Porsches, and assorted other vehicles soon started to follow the Impala closely, causing several fender benders on what felt like the longest car trip Bobby had ever taken.

No matter how many times Bobby managed to shake their tails and force Dean to pull over and rearmor himself with layers of flannel and denim, it was all gone by the time the next few stoplights had passed.

It only got worse when Sam woke up.

Even with Sam still groggy from the drugs, Bobby nearly lost his windshield – those dang hooves were deadly! – when Sam kicked out, trying to escape and get to Dean in the car ahead, catching sight of a bare arm out the side window. As if sensing that Sam had awakened – and just to spite him, Bobby was sure – articles of clothing began flying out the Impala’s window, like a trail of breadcrumbs for the hormonally challenged.

One of Dean’s shirts caught a lucky gust of wind and hit Sam in the face as he tried to hoist himself out of the truck, his sharp hooves