warm with tequila. They're both tired and achy from a big fight the night before, but they're feeling safe for once, holed up on a reservation where there are some pretty powerful wards keeping shit away. They both know they'll have to move on soon enough, but for now it feels good just to bake in the sun, passing the bottle of liquor between them and letting themselves get slow and silly with each swallow. Dean's lying splayed out with one hand heavy on Sam's thigh, and Sam's mind is pleasantly vague, wandering from one topic to another while half his attention's still focused on the feel of his body, slack with tiredness and booze, hot underneath Dean's hand.

Sam thinks about the way Dean's hands can make him feel, and his cock swells slightly in his pants. He's too tired and comfortable to do anything about it at the moment, though, so he just gives himself up to fantasy instead, thinking about licking and sucking and fucking Dean once he gets him into an actual bed. He conjures up an image of Dean stretched out under him, ass spread wide, and that's when he remembers he still has an argument to win.

'Dean?'

Dean's hand twitches on Sam's thigh to show that he's heard, but he doesn't reply.

Sam props himself up on one elbow so he can see his brother. 'Dean, man. Have you really never let anyone lick your ass?'

Dean groans and doesn't even bother opening his eyes. 'No one's ever been crazy enough to want to, you freak.'

'And you've never done it to anyone else?'

Dean rolls over half onto his side and looks up at Sam.

'Dude, no way, how do you even have to ask?' He makes a face.

Sam feigns innocence. 'Just, y'know, surprised to think there's anything the great Dean Winchester hasn't done in bed.'

Dean socks him in the arm. 'I'm an expert, Sammy, I don't have to get into the kinky stuff to keep people interested.'

Sam punches him back and they scuffle a bit before settling back down, too contented and lazy to really get worked up. They wind up curled together, trading soft, leisurely kisses, and Sam lets Dean think he's forgotten all about ass-licking. He wriggles closer into his brother's embrace and makes plans.

When they do end up in a motel room again, they barely even make it through the door before they're stripping each other's clothes off. Dean's been torturing Sam all day, making lewd comments and grabbing his ass whenever he was sure the people they were interviewing couldn't see. The gig they were working on turned out to be a bust - not a haunting, just local kids trying to scare people - but they had to talk to about half the town before they were sure. In the last house, Dean had sat on the other side of the kitchen table and slid his foot up under cover of the tablecloth, pushing against Sam's already half-hard cock until it sprang into insistent life. When they got out of there, they'd both gotten in the car so fast the little old lady they'd just interviewed was left open-mouthed, halfway through her farewells.

Dean rips off Sam's jacket and pushes him up against the door, grinding their hips together. 'You fucking little tease,' he whispers. 'So fucking sexy.'

Sam gasps and grinds back, fumbling at the hem of Dean's shirt. 'You're the one who was - fuck - molesting me all day, you bastard.'

Dean laughs, low and rough, and pulls away long enough to get Sam's pants unbuttoned. 'How can I help it when you look at me like I'm a goddamn porn star? Hell, Sam, you've been staring at my mouth like it's the fucking centrefold of Penthouse.'

Sam moans at the thought, then yelps when Dean yanks his jeans right and wraps a fist around his cock. He's about to reciprocate, but then he has an awesome idea. He bucks up into Dean's fist and groans, 'Fuck, yeah, your mouth. Want it around my cock, please, Dean, suck me.'

It's not exactly hard to make his pleading convincing, and he's rewarded by Dean sinking down to kneel before him, breath hot against his cock. Dean licks one hot, perfect stripe from base to tip, and then he's swallowing Sam down, sliding his tongue under the head and wrapping his lips around the shaft, firm and tight. This is way fucking hotter than anything that's ever been in Penthouse, and Sam's been hard all day, and shit his control is all but gone. It only takes a few thrusts up into Dean's gorgeous mouth and then