a frown. His jaw was covered in a medium layer of blond scruff.

“This is my freedom, Dean. I told you I don’t want my fucking soul back.” Sam said slamming the door behind him making the shack even dimmer. Sam pushed you towards Dean making you stumble, but you caught yourself before touching the new man.

“Sam, we just want to help you! Don’t you want to have feelings! To care if someone lives or dies!” Dean yelled pulling on the cuffs. You hear rattling to see the bed bolted to the floor, you looked at Dean’s wrist seeing it red from his struggling.  

“No! I can finally have a life without having to worry about this planet being destroyed every 5 days!” Sam yelled back pulling out a gun from the back of his pants. 

“Wow, Sam just calm down.” Dean said putting his hands up as he tried to stand in front of you. Sam moved his hand quickly pulling the trigger the bullet went right through the wall next to your arm. You screamed jumping into Dean making him fall with his butt on the bed. 

“I am calm Dean. Now that we understand who is in charge here. Dean take her pants off.” Sam ordered the gun pointed at your leg.

“Sam this isn’t you.” Dean insisted not moving from his seat on the bed. Sam pulled the trigger making a sharp pain radiate from your calf. 

“Oh, Jesus freaking fire!” You scream holding up your leg in pain. 

“Let’s try that again. Dean take off her pants.” Sam said with no expression on his face. As You hissed in pain trying to stay off your leg. Dean got up stiffly he turned to face you moving your body closer to his other cuffed hand. 

“He is going to make me hurt you.” Dean whispered going very slowly with your jean button. 

“I’d rather you hurt me a little than get shot again.” You whisper back blushing when Dean saw your light pink underwear. 

“You don’t understand.  I think he is going to make me rape you.” Dean’s green eyes met your frightened ones. 

“I’m a virgin.” You say almost silently back as Dean pulls your jeans over your hips. He looked away pulling the denim all the way down revealing your small gash where the bullet grazed you. You were still bleeding enough that your white sock was now a deep red and pink. 

“Can I stop her bleeding?” Dean asked over his shoulder still blocking your panties and legs from Sam.

“Only if you use her underwear.” Sam almost laughed as Dean just shook his head in disbelief. Dean stayed on the ground just reaching up to pull your underwear over your hips not looking at your exposed lips. You put weight on your left leg wincing until Dean pulled your underwear free of your shaking legs. He used his teeth to rip it into shreds before wrapping them tightly above and under the wound putting a large clump of cloth on the wound with a strand around it. 

“Now put her face down on the bed with her ass in the air.” He instructed not moving as Dean stood facing you. He gave you an apologetic look before grasping your arm turning you to face the small rickety looking bed. Dean bent you cover slowly your shirt falling to bunch up just under your breast. Your legs gave out making your knees hit the bed frame.

“I think you know what to do next right Dean?” Sam smirked walking to the foot of the bed his gun pointed to the back of your head. Dean sighed undoing his own pants while you sobbed still trying to get out of the tight ropes. 

“Sam, I fucking understand I won’t try to change you anymore. Just don’t do this.” Dean said his hands stopping for a moment before pulling his jeans down. 

“I am about to shot her in the shoulder Dean because you won’t just put your dick in a hole.” Sam’s words made you start to shake in fear of the pain.

“Dean it’s ok just do it.” You say feeling his jeans get pushed down his legs. You wait awkwardly then feel his hand on your butt for a moment. 

“It’s kind of difficult to get hard when she is tied up like that Sam.” Dean grunted even though you could feel his boner hiding between your thighs. 

“Too fucking bad Dean, hurry up.” Sam growled kicking the end of the bed in annoyance making you sob louder. Dean grunted lifting his free hand to spit on his fingers to rub onto your dry entrance. You tried to prepare for his size by taking deep breaths closing your eyes. You felt something warm touching your hold before sliding inside filling your walls to an unbearable point. Your legs clenched in surprise at how massive Dean’s penis was tearing through your body. 

“Holy fuck.” You cry out unable to stop the tears from pouring out of your eyes. Your body tenses trying to stop Dean from going any further. 

“Just relax darlin.”