was in the middle of a meeting when he got the call.

He excused himself and stepped outside, "Yes?"


'Is this Castiel Winchester?'


"Yes, how can I help you?"


'Your husband and daughter have been in a terrible car accident, they are at Lebanon Memorial Hospital right now.'


Cas's heart stopped. He could barely get the next words out, "Are they-?"


'Mr. Winchester, I suggest you come down immediately. Their conditions are severe. I am truly sorry.'


Cas hung up and grabbed his shit, running to his car.

On the way to the hospital he called Sam.


'Hey Cas, aren't you at work?'


"DeanandZeppelinareinthehospital." Cas said it as fast as he could so he could get it all out without sobbing.

There was a silence for a moment before Sam responded, 'What are their conditions?'

Cas took a breath, "Severe..."

Sam took an audible breath, 'Their at Memorial I'm guessing. I'll be there as soon as possible, they'll be okay Cas. They have to be.'

Cas sniffed and hung up, stepping on the gas.

~SPN SPN SPN~

When Cas got there he had to wait in the waiting room. Dean and Zeppelin were in surgery.

Sam came in ten minutes later and Cas was a wreck.

Sam looked for Cas and saw the brunette slumped in the corner, head down. He walked over and placed a hand on his shoulder, causing Cas to look up.

Cas's eyes were bloodshot and puffy. Sam's face turned down and he pulled him into a hug.

"Where are they?"

Cas sniffled and clenched his hands in Sam's shirt, "Surgery. I hadn't asked how bad it was... I am kind of afraid to find out..."

Sam nodded and stood back, "I'll find out."

Sam walked up to the reception desk, to a nurse that seemed bored with her job, "Hi, I was wondering how my brother and niece were? Me and his husband didn't get much info on their state."

She glanced up at Sam then back to her screen, "Name?"

"Winchester."

She clicked on her computer for a minute, "Their in surgery. Dean Winchester has a broken arm from supposedly trying to stop Zeppelin from crashing into the dash and a couple cuts on his body that needed stitching. Zeppelin has a deep cut on her head. Both possible concussion. They should be out of surgery soon."

Sam nodded and thanked her, going back to Cas.

"Good news, the worst is a deep cut on Zeppelin's head that needed stitching and Dean has a broken arm from stopping Zeppelin from hitting the dash hard and possible concussions. Won't know that until they are out and awake. It's not that bad."

Cas deflated of all the worry he held and was just defeated now. Sam patted his back, murmuring assurances.

A doctor walked out, "Castiel Winchester?"

Castiel stood up and walked over, "Yes?"

The doctor smiled at him, "Zeppelin is out of surgery, she is awake and doesn't have a concussion. You can go and see her."

Cas exhaled in relief, "What about Dean?"

"He needed to get his arm placed and some deep cuts sewn. We are not sure yet if he is concussed, not until he is awake fully." Cas nodded and him and Sam followed the doctor to Zeppelin's room. Her face lit up when she saw the two.

"Papa! Sammy!"

Cas smiled and walked over, sitting in a chair by her bed. He took her hand, "How are you baby? Do you know what happened?"

Zeppelins face fell and she nodded, looking down. She looked back up to Cas, "Daddy protected me. Is he okay?!"

Cas smiled, "He's in surgery right now. Got a broken arm and couple cuts that need stitching but he's okay."

Zeppelin smiled and nodded. The doctor came in and spoke to Sam. Sam nodded and the doctor left.

"I'm gonna go see Dean, he's out. Has a slight concussion. Cas, you stay here with Zeppelin, see if you can get the doctors to let her come to Dean's room." Cas nodded and Sam left.

~SPN SPN SPN~

When Dean woke up he was in pain. A lot of pain and someone was speaking to him.

"Mr. Winchester. Mr. Winchester, do you know where you are?"

Dean opened his eyes and looked around and groaned, white walls.

"Hospital."

The doctor nodded and wrote on his pad, "Do you know what day it is?"

"March 14, 2016."

The doctor nodded again and wrote on his pad, "Do you remember what happened?"

Dean thought for a second, "Uh, car crashed into me... I-I blocked my daughter from hitting her head..." Dean looked up at the doctor then, "Is she- Is she