looked at the bottle.  It wasn’t exactly a small one.  “Should I be worried about alcohol poisoning?”

Castiel got to his feet with an eyeroll.  “Please don’t insult me, Dean.  Once we’re done here, I’m going to go heal him.  He won’t even be hung over when he wakes up.”

Dean glared at him.  “You’ve never done that for me.”

“I promise, should you get drunk and ask me to marry you, I’ll heal you up too," Castiel snapped.  He closed his eyes and forced himself to calm down.  "It’s going to be a complicated enough conversation tomorrow morning without putting a hangover in the mix, don’t you think?”

“Yeah, you got a point there.”  Dean laid his head on his arms on the table.  “Will Sam even remember proposing?”

Good question.  One Castiel didn’t know the answer to.  “Possibly.  I hope so.”

Dean looked up with a raised eyebrow.  “You want him to remember?”

“If he remembers, I won’t have to convince him somehow that yes, he asked.  Of course, if he remembers, he may try to avoid speaking to me out of embarrassment.”

“I should get to sleep myself.  Good luck tomorrow morning.”  Dean struggled to his feet.

Castiel made sure Dean would stay vertical long enough to get to bed, then turned to go heal Sam.  “I’m sorry for interrupting your hookup.”

“Don’t worry about it.  Always willing to drop what I’m doing to do my job.  And hey, speaking of my job…”  Dean turned around and came to stand in front of Cas.  “You know that taking care of Sammy means hurting people who hurt him, right?”

“Dean, you know full well I would much rather harm myself than Sam.  It’s why you trust me to take care of him when you can’t.”

“Yeah, I know.  Just… be careful, okay?  Don’t want you getting hurt either.”  Dean headed off before Castiel could reply.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Sam was incredibly confused when he woke up the next morning.  He remembered getting drunk.  He knew he’d had a lot.  Where was the hangover?  He deserved it, for his selfishness and ridiculousness.  The only person doing anything wrong the night before was him.

He should have been stumbling, barely able to manage upright.  Instead, Sam felt good.  Relaxed and rested in a way that was highly unusual for him.  The only possible answer was Castiel, but why would Cas do that for him?  After his idiocy, he’d have considered himself lucky just to have Cas speaking to him.

He found his way to the kitchen for coffee.  Dean was there, looking a little worn out and a lot more tired than usual after a night out.  “Hey.  You okay?”

Dean chuckled.  “You’re the one who got smashed.  How you feeling this morning?”

“I think I know why hangovers exist.”  Sam poured himself some coffee.  “Hangovers act as your body’s way of protecting you from having to remember your idiocy and deal with it all at once.”

“So you remember, huh?  Cas wasn’t too sure if you would.”  Dean sat back.  “He wants to talk to you, and you might want to go get through the awkward so you can stop making me suffer from it.”

“After I’ve had some coffee.”  Sam drank his cup quickly.  Dean was right.  May as well get this over with.

He found Cas in the library with a book about angels.  It made him smile.  “That telling you anything you didn’t already know?”

“Not new information, but a different perspective.”  Castiel set the book aside.  “Good morning.  Are you okay?”

“I’m guessing I have you to thank for the fact that I’m not hung over.”  Cas nodded.  “Thanks.  I’m sorry about last night.  I was way, way out of line.”

“You were also highly intoxicated.  I hold none of it against you.”

“But I shouldn’t have been drinking like that in the first place.  I mean, it’s really none of my business what you do.”  And if this is how he was going to act, there was less than no chance it ever would be.  He'd thought it was hopeless before.  Now he was left wondering if it was possible to have negative levels of hope.

Castiel stood up.  “So you meant it last night when you said that you didn’t like me going out with Dean?”

Sam flinched.  That sounded wrong.  “I don’t have to like it.  You’re not…”

“Am I correct in thinking that it’s not Dean, it’s that you don’t like the idea of me hooking up?”

It’s not like Sam hadn’