's pussy, tasting her delicious juices as they covered his tongue. Ellen gasped, then moaned as Sam repeated the same motion, curling his tongue at the last second to ensure he passed over her clit.
Sam began to dance his tongue around Ellen's clit, watching her hips buck wildly and press harder in his mouth with each flick of his tongue. He slid his middle finger back inside her and began moving it in and out as he began to suck on her clit. Ellen moaned louder and louder, overwhelming desire taking over as she found herself unable to control the movement of her hips. She felt another finger side inside her as Sam continued to switch between flicking and sucking on her clit. She grabbed a handful of blankets and pulled, hard, her back arching and hips wildly grinding as she could feel her whole body tingle with pleasure.
Sam slowly slid his fingers out of Ellen and stopped licking. Ellen exhaled quickly and breathed in deeply, trying to catch her breath. Sam climbed back up onto the bed and kissed Ellen once more, his mouth wet from pleasuring her. Ellen danced her tongue over Sam's lips, tasting his saliva mixing with her juices. Sam turned sideways and fell to his right, next to Ellen, still kissing her. Ellen turned to face him and ran her hand over Sam's well defined chest and down his abdomen, before sliding into his boxers. Ellen firmly took a hold of Sam in her hand as she began to stroke up and down. He was a lot larger than she expected, causing her mind began to wander, but she was snapped back by the overwhelming feeling of warmth and tingling returning between her legs. She slid her hand up and down the length of his shaft, feeling the hum of Sam's deep moaning vibrating her lips as he kissed her even harder. Ellen swirled her fingers around the tip of his cock before sliding her fingers down, tracing a vein on the underside of his shaft. Sam detached his lips and pressed his forehead against Ellen's, heavily breathing and groaning as she moved her thumb over the tip of his cock again.
"I want you, Sam." Ellen whispered, feeling his warm breath against her face as he continued to moan.
Sam reached down and pulled Ellen's hand out from his boxers. He lifted himself up and pulled off his boxers before kicking his leg out, sending them flying across the room. He laid on his back and reached into the drawer of the night stand. He removed a condom from the drawer, ripped it open, and slid it over his throbbing manhood. Ellen rolled over and straddled Sam, pressing her breasts flat against his chest. Sam looked up into Ellen's eyes, brushing the hair away from her face. Sam rested his hand on the left side of Ellen's neck and smiled. Raising an eyebrow, he quickly flipped Ellen back over onto her back and positioned himself between her legs. Ellen giggled softly and reached her hands up toward Sam. He intertwined his fingers into hers and pushed her hands back onto the bed. He wiggled his hips up and teased Ellen's opening with the tip of his cock. Ellen rocked her hips toward Sam, causing him to push harder onto her hands, pinning them firmly down.
Sam moved his hips forward in one swift but quick thrust, entering Ellen. They gasped and moaned in unison as the entire length of Sam's cock slid inside Ellen, both feeling how well it filled her. Ellen arched her back and opened her legs even more as Sam began to slowly thrust in and out, making sure he pulled out to the tip before plunging himself back inside. Ellen wrapped her legs around Sam's waist so he could go even deeper, feeling his weight press down on her hands as she tried to move her arms. Sam released his grip from her left hand as he took a handful of her hair and pulled, leaning down and pressing his body flat against hers as he thrusted faster and deeper inside her. Sam ran his teeth along Ellen's neck and nibbled, sucking gently as he groaned louder each time his hips slammed against hers. Ellen kept up with Sam's erratic rhythm, moving her hips to meet his, practically gasping every time he entered her and stretched her, hitting every sweet spot she had...and some she didn't even know she had. Ellen could feel herself getting closer to climax, the muscles in her core beginning to tighten as her moan turned into a soft yell of pleasure.
Ellen wrapped her free hand around Sam's torso and onto his back, lifting herself slightly and digging her fingernails in as Sam began to push harder and harder into her. Both panting and sweating with exertion, Sam groaned, feeling that they both were getting close. Ellen grunted and arched her back as her muscles began to contract, squeezing down on Sam's cock that was still rapidly pushing into her. She loudly moaned, the moan blending into a scream, as she squeezed her eyes shut and held onto Sam. Her whole body began to shake and tingle as she climaxed