, in the door, were Sam and the woman that had called the police. The officer opened both doors, then looked at the both of you suspiciously before opening your shackles. "It was a misunderstanding, really. Thank you, officer", the woman smiled. "The hunt's done", Sam whispered. Dean grinned and nodded, whilst you raised your eyebrow. "You killed the werewolf?" Sam nodded. "With the help of her. After I explained she felt kinda bad about calling the police on you, and helped find the real one" The woman, obviously unwell with being in the centre of the attention shrugged it off, leaving the police station with only a few words.

Dean climbed into the impala, sighing dreamily as he sat down. Sam was still packing up. You had already plopped down in the back seat, nearly dozing off. "I have to admit, you look pretty good in shackles", Dean grinned. You opened your eyes to glance at him. "What?" Dean shrugged one shoulder, grin turning into a smirk. "I'm just saying I want to see that again under less police-y circumstances"

"Dean", you sang, sitting on your bed. Hopefully he heard you. Anxiety and anticipation forming a knot in your throat. Were you too straight forward? Did you read his signals wrong? Was that comment when you had been in the cell together just been a joke?

Maybe this was a bad idea. You hoped he didn't hear you. "(YN)? You okay? Why'd you call me?", Dean asked as he entered you bedroom. You froze. Dean froze. Shit. As quickly as you could, you threw your blanket over yourself.

"Uh... Uhh... I-it's nothing. Sorry" Dean still didn't move. "Why are you only in... lingerie? And why are there handcuffs on the bed?" Your face went even more red. "Forget about it!", you squealed. 

A smirk found its way onto Deans face. "All that, just for me?", he hummed. "I said forget about it!"

Dean ignored you, now sitting down onto the bed. "You decided to take me up on my offer, huh?" He played around with the cuffs before shooting a mischievous smile towards you. "I would've liked a little forewarning, but I can work with this." Your face was burning, and you avoided his eyes. "If... If you want to do this. 'M not gonna force you to do anything."

"I... I do. Like, I want to, but I didn't know how to approach you about it...", you mumbled, fidgeting with your hands. Dean smiled at you, hand coming up to cup your face. 

"I guess we're both just awkward dorks, huh?" You giggled, and he was quiet for a second. "If anything's wrong, just say 'red', okay?" You found yourself nodding without thinking about it. Honestly, you just wanted to let loose, give up control for once. Being a hunter always meant to sharpen your senses, always be ready to strike. It was exhausting. 

"Hey. You sure you're okay with this?" 

"Yeah, I was just... Thinking about some stuff.", you admitted quite shyly, once again avoiding Deans piercing gaze.

"Don't think. Just for now, just... feel." 

That was nice. You knew Dean cared about your well-being. But you didn't know whether or not that care was platonic or not.

You felt the cuffs click into place. "You trust me, right?" You nodded, again without thinking. "Good" And with that, Dean pressed his lips against yours passionately.

The shackles clicked shut around your wrists, successfully trapping our arms above your head. Dean kept his lips on yours, his tongue twisting and dancing with yours.

Your clothes were ripped from your body, exposing your breasts to the cold air and to Deans gaze. Deans hands cupped them, thumbs brushing over your nipples, making goosebumps rise over your skin. A pleasured sigh left your lips.

So far, this was nice.

Deans mouth closed around your nipple, the wet heat a stark contrast to the cold air. You gasped as he suckled and nibbled on the tender nub, toes curling as he pulled away. 

He continued to switch between your nipples, teasing you even further. You whined, bucking your hips to get him to move on. He just chuckled, flicking both your nipples at the same time. 

Dean continued to tease you for what seemed like hours. You were panting under him, bucking your hips up to get him to finally touch you. But Dean just kept on teasing you.

"Dean, please stop teasing!", you whined after he had once again flicked his tongue against your nipple. There were slowly starting to get tender due to all the attention.

Dean chuckled, sitting back. You shuddered as you saw the outline of his cock through his