on Sam’s sleeve to get him to sit back down.

Sam jerked his arm out of Lou’s grasp.  “Leave me alone.”

“Come on, don’t be like that.  Give me a chance.  I’m sorry I insulted your friend, okay?”  Lou got to his feet and reached out to Sam.  Sam backed up.

“No.  Leave me alone.  Please.”  Sam wished he'd let Dean come along like he'd wanted to.  Dean would be able to make this guy go away.

Lou sneered.  “What, you think you’re too good for me?”

“No, I…”  Sam looked over at the dressing room.  “I have a boyfriend.”

“Who, the rent boy?  You didn’t say that earlier.”  Lou took a step toward Sam, who retreated.  “You’re lying to me.”

“He’s not.”  Cas’s arm slipped around Sam’s waist and he looked Lou up and down.  “This guy bothering you, hon?”

“Hey.”  Sam checked out Cas’s outfit, not worrying about the way his eyes lingered at Cas’s ass for once.  “I love those jeans on you.  Yeah, this guy won’t leave me alone.”

Cas kissed Sam’s cheek.  “Thanks.”  He turned to Lou.  “I heard him say to leave him alone twice, so I would suggest you leave him alone.  Or you and me are gonna have a problem.”

Lou looked for a minute like he was going to say something back, but looking at the way Cas the linebacker’s chest and biceps bulged under the ridiculously tight shirt Balthazar had him trying on apparently changed his mind.  “You might not wanna leave him unattended too long, Muscles.  He’s way too pretty for you.”

“That’s for him to decide.  Get out of here.”  Lou held up his hands and walked away, and Cas breathed a sigh of relief.  “Wow, he was annoying.”

“Tell me about it.  Thanks for the save.”  Sam stepped out of Cas’s arm.  “You really do look good in that.”

Cas looked down at himself, a shy smile stealing its way onto his lips.  Not that Sam was looking at Cas’s lips.  “Yeah.  I wasn’t sold before I came out here, but now, I think I’m getting it.  Especially with you being too pretty to leave alone without creeps bugging you.”

Sam snorted.  “Don’t know what Lou was looking at.”

“He was looking at you.  Hey, uh, sorry if I crossed any lines, made you uncomfortable at all.”

“You were fine.  Lou needed to buy it, and he was pretty dense.”  Sam smiled, looking down at the ground and then peeking up at Cas.  “You think I’m pretty?”

“Yeah.  You’re… you don’t?”

“Nah.  Dean’s the pretty one.  I’m the weird-looking one.”  Sam hoped the blush wasn’t showing as bad as it felt.

“Dean’s pretty, yes, but you are too.”  Cas’s smile faded into a puzzled look.  “Not that I’m complaining, because it set me up for the save, but wouldn’t it have been easier to say you weren’t gay than to say you had a boyfriend?”

Sam shrugged.  “I dunno.  Probably could’ve gotten Balthazar to play along if you hadn’t come out.  But if I go with I’m not gay, there’s no one around to bail me out if he didn’t believe it.”

“But this way you have to deal with rumors about you at school.”

“If you were worried about rumors about us dating, I hate to break the bad news to you, but they’ve been there practically since we moved here back in tenth grade."  He chuckled.  "I’m actually kinda grateful for them, the reason we came to live with Ellen is because Dean and I were both thoroughly sick of fighting the rumors about us back in Minnesota.”

Cas stared in shock.  “There’s… rumors about us?  Seriously?”

“Yeah, there’s a few variants.  Pretty universal that the new gay boy corrupted the good local Catholic boy, but they range from if it hadn’t been me it would’ve been someone else to I’ve got you brainwashed to it’s not me you’re after, it’s Dean, and you’re just using me to get to him.  Which if you are, you should’ve told me so I could set you up.”

“You’re gay?”

It was Sam’s turn to stare in shock.  “You haven’t known that for two years?  Everyone else in this town figured it out within two weeks of me moving in.”

“How?”

Sam opened his mouth.  He didn’t know exactly what he was going to