It was only fair that the older Winchester now felt the need to conceal his own weaknesses from Sam.

Still, the fact that Dean didn't tell him much anymore, likely because he incorrectly assumed Sam didn't care, was going to be a problem when it came to helping Dean overcome this crushing guilt he obviously carried. Out of other ideas, Sam opted to go for the food route. Anyone who knew Dean knew the easiest way to make him happy was by making his stomach happy. If it worked, great. If not, at least he could make sure his brother actually ate something tonight.

"Dean?" he asked softly, glad when the older Winchester at least turned his head to look at him.

"Yeah?"


And he's talking too. Okay, this is progress.


"I'm gonna go on a food run. Anything specific you want?"

Dean shrugged. "I'm not really hungry. Just pick up something that isn't rabbit food and I'll eat it."

Sam inwardly sighed. A little less progress than I thought. "Okay. I'll be back in a bit."

"Mmhmm."

Once he'd shut the motel room door behind him, Sam started up the Impala and got ready to head for the big fifties-style diner he'd seen on the way into town. If there was one thing those types of diners were famous for, it was awesome bacon cheeseburgers. And if he had to make a few side-trips to find a decent piece of apple pie, then so be it. Today Dean most definitely deserved some pie.

It took nearly an hour before Sam finally made it back to the motel room, thanks to the diner being more crowded and having slower service than any he ever remembered going to in his life. But hopefully it was going to be worth it, because the enormous double-bacon cheeseburger he had picked up for Dean smelled so delicious he was actually considering tossing his salad out and begging his brother to split it with him.

And then there was the pie. It was pure luck that he'd passed by the little bakery on the way back to the motel from the diner, but he was extremely happy that he had. The place had over thirty different kinds of pies in stock, and some he was sure even Dean hadn't tried before. Overwhelmed by the endless rows of fruit, custard, and cream-filled pies in the display case, he had opted for a simple lattice-topped apple pie, baked to a perfect golden brown and brushed with cinnamon sugar. If anything was guaranteed to make Dean happy any day of the year, it was getting a whole apple pie to himself.

Smiling to himself as he imagined what Dean's face would look like when he saw the treats, Sam quickly unlocked the door and stepped inside, bags of food held proudly out in front of him.

"Dean, I brought you –" He stopped suddenly, looking around the room when he realized he couldn't see his brother anywhere. "Dean?" He set the pie down on the table and stored the burger in the fridge, the first tendrils of worry starting to creep up the inside of his chest. Where had he gone? There was no light coming out from under the bathroom door, and his duffel was still sitting on the bed where he had left it earlier. If he had gone to take a shower, he would've taken the bag with him. Had he gone out for a walk, maybe? Or… had something happened?

He picked up his phone and had just begun dialing Dean's number when he heard a strange shuffling sound coming from behind the bathroom door. He put the phone back on the table and listened closely, heartbeat quickening when he realized it sounded like muffled whimpering.

"What in the world… Dean?" he asked again, making his way over to the door and rapping softly on it with his knuckles. "You in there?"

Nothing but silence met his ears, and he was about to turn around and dismiss it as the work of his imagination when he heard a quiet, barely-detectable sniffle from just beyond the cheap wooden door. And suddenly, he knew without a doubt that that was his brother in there. Slowly, dreading what he might find, he pushed open the door, which wasn't even locked. A beam of light shone dimly into the dark room, and once it had illuminated most of the floor Sam swallowed, feeling his eyes threaten to tear up at what he found.

"Oh, Dean…"

The older Winchester was sitting on the floor with his back against the far wall, knees pulled up to his chest and face hidden behind them as his entire body trembled with sobs. He had never bothered to turn on the light, and once Sam did it became even more obvious how badly he was shaking. Soft, keening cries escaped from his lips against his will with every rapid breath, echoing around the dark tile-covered room with all the loneliness and despair of a ghost's