wasn't coming back – he was going to at least see him off with a smile on his face, not sit in silence while his father berated Sam like he was nothing but trash. Ten minutes ago he'd flung open the motel door, telling John he was going out for a drink. If the older hunter had suspected he was lying, he hadn't said anything to stop him.

At three minutes 'til eight, Dean plunked himself down in one of the few empty seats left in the very front. He wanted to be able to see Sam as closely as possible, especially because no matter what John might say, being the student with the highest grade-point average out of his entire class despite bouncing around from school to school his whole life and hunting as well, was pretty damn impressive.

Dean was beginning to worry that Sam had already spoken when a lone student stood up from the crowd of about a hundred seniors, walking to the stage at the front and standing a little awkwardly behind the enormous wooden podium. Even in the long maroon robes and strange-looking graduation cap, his shaggy-haired giant of a little brother was unmistakable. And, Dean realized with a sinking feeling, so was his brother's poker face, the one no one else in the room but Dean would know meant he was unbelievably upset and determined not to show it. One of the teachers introduced Sam as the Class of 2001's valedictorian, and then the mic was turned over to Sam.

"Hi, everyone," he began softly, a nervous smile ticking in the corners of his mouth. "Like Mrs. Roberson just said, my name is Sam Winchester. A lot of you probably don't know me very well, and I feel like those who do probably don't know me as well as I'd like them to." Dean swallowed nervously, but Sam didn't elaborate on that topic any further.

"Anyway, I'll make this quick, because I know you all are just as ready to get out of here and get on with your lives as I am." That got a small chuckle from the assembled students and parents. "When they asked me to do a speech about what high school means, I wasn't sure what to say. It's kind of impossible, when you really think about it. Everyone here has had a different experience from one another. Some of us have lived here since we were born; some of us haven't. For some, school is a playground; for others, a prison. Some people come here to learn, and some people just come here to sleep." Another chuckle, louder this time.

"Some of us made a lot of friends here, and some of us lost a lot of friends too. And for some people like me, high school has been the place that helped me decide where I want to go, what I want to do with the rest of my life. It helped me realize that you don't always have to be who everyone thinks you should, just because they say so. I have innumerable people to thank for that, but right now I want to name just a few. My teachers, for helping me gain the knowledge I needed to be successful in college and beyond. My friends and fellow students; even though none of you have known me very long, you've always helped me fit in here and welcomed me more than a nerdy new kid like me deserves.

"And lastly, but most importantly, my big brother. He's probably the biggest role model I'll ever have, and he's been almost like a father to me for as long as I've been alive." Here Sam's voice cracked a little, and Dean's heart along with it. "He, uh… He couldn't be here tonight, but… I know he wanted to." Sam cleared his throat roughly, wiping a stray tear from his eye before it could fall and ruin his mask of control, and then sniffed once, regaining his composure. A few women beside Dean whispered how sweet Sam was to think so highly of his older brother. Dean agreed wholeheartedly.

"Anyway, I'm not a great speaker by any means, but I'd like to leave you all with one last word of wisdom before we get out of here for good: Life is like a blank canvas. We may not all start off with the same colors of paint or the same quality fabric, but we all have the ability to make it into a masterpiece if we use our resources right. Thank you, everyone. I'm proud to be part of the class of 2001."

A roar of applause broke out in the room, and Sam smiled softly, stepping down and returning to his seat in the very back row of chairs. Dean swallowed hard, willing himself not to start crying in this group full of strangers. He was so proud of Sam right now he could barely stand it, and if Dad was anywhere in