bet I can get him to kiss me in less than ten seconds," Sam says, feeling reckless, humming with feeling so alive.

"Oh, you're on," Jess slides her arm out from under his and manages to shake his opposite hand without spilling any of the drinks on the table.

"Dark alley, that's all I'm saying," Brady raises his hands in surrender, but there's a smile on his face and he looks as eager as Jess to watch Sam's downfall and possibly capture it on camera and upload it to Youtube.

Sam bites back his smile, fondness for his crazy friends spreading over him warmly.

He abandons the straw and downs the half-full glass in one huge swallow, wincing at the burn in his throat but braving through the aftertaste like a pro. He puts his glass down with a resolute clank and stands up, the chair scraping slightly across the dingy bar floor behind him.

Ignoring the whistles and whoops from his table, he marches unbothered through the crowd of dancing zombies/fairies/superheroes/sexy-somethings towards the bar.

He looks over his shoulder at his friends to see them watching with various degrees of anticipation as he makes his way towards the man, whose eyes hold a heat Sam knows all too well and a spark of amusement that makes Sam's own feeling of anticipation soar high.

Finally reaching the bar, he leans his way into a seat on one of the high chairs and casually places one forearm on the doubtlessly sticky countertop, facing the man with an open body language and a hint of a suggestion in his eyes.

Without a word, he reaches over with his other hand and plucks the cherry from the man's glass by the stem, keeping his gaze fixed on the man's deep green eyes as he brings the cherry to his own lips and curls them around the lower half of it, biting into the juicy fruit with an inappropriate sucking sound that admittedly does make his cheeks feel rather warm. He boldly lets a drop of the juice gather at the center of his lower lip and tremble as it hangs on to his skin, seconds from falling onto his lap.

His knowing eyes take in the way the man's whole posture goes rigid, how those green eyes widen and focus uncontrollably on Sam's juice-dripping lower lip.

Just as the drop of sweet cherry juice is about to detach and plunder down to the cloth of Sam's ordinary blue jeans, a flash fast movement blurs in front of him and the drop is caught by a warm, wet, unbearably soft mouth. An insistent tongue prods at Sam's lower lip and when the taste of the cherry is gone, demands access to Sam's whole mouth. Sam lets out a shocked laugh and obliges, spacing his lips apart and letting the hot, slick tongue in, caressing the rough taste buds with his own tongue and leaning in further, closer, the sleeve of his shirt dragging against the bar counter as his other wrist gets caught in a vice-like grip that near crushes his bone. The half-eaten cherry drops from rapidly-numbing fingers to the floor and Sam hopes neither of them steps on it. A pair of teeth bites his lower lip and a sharp pain Sam has come to associate with skin breaking rips through him. Sam groans softly, but doesn't pull back. It has been, after all, well over a year and he has missed this.

Sighing, he grabs onto the warm leather jacket with the hand currently not held captive and uses it to pull the man closer. The cherry trick has never failed Sam before, and it seems to Sam that it never will. It is, after all, the only reason Dean ever buys that horrid drink. To watch Sam bite down on a fleshy piece of fruit and catch the liquid sweetness off Sam's mouth with his tongue afterwards. It had started as a game sixteen year old Dean had roped Sam into playing one night when there had been a storm knocking trees down outside and their Dad had been four states away. The alcohol Dean had managed to sneak past the gas station cashier had done a great deal to loosen Dean's inhibitions and blur his good sense and moral values, and Sam had never been happier than he had been sitting cross legged on that motel bed, letting Dean lick the drops of cherry off his lips as the older boy mirrored his position in front of him and praised the then-twelve-years-old Sam with a raspy, sensuous voice until Sam was blushing halfway to fainting, much like Jess bet would happen now.

Dean slows down the kisses with a sigh of regret, touching his mouth to Sam's delicately and dragging his lips against the bruised, swollen skin of Sam's lips, causing them to tingle and ache and feel right as they should and exactly how Sam likes them. Sam lets out a sigh of his own as they part, unable to resist darting back for one quick, sweet peck at the corner of Dean's mouth just to feel his lips tingle again at the contact