to run into MaryAnn first, who was more than willing to share what she knew - in private. After being dragged into the nearest janitor’s closet, Sam found out - Fuck! Your hands are cold, MaryAnn! – that Curtis and a few of the other boys threatened Mr. Winchester’s kids - stop touching me, MaryAnn! – so Mr. Winchester walked right up to Curtis and stared him straight in the eye – those are my pants! – and said in a deadly serious manner – Wha-? Huh? He…Christ! Do that again…. – that if any of them went near his kids, no one would find their bodies.

Sam wasn’t sure he left that conversation still a virgin. 

                                                ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sam heard rumors of his father’s activities on an almost daily basis – in the lunch line, taking notes in World History, showering after gym, standing at the urinals peeing in unison with upperclassmen. The last two alone were scarring – a guy did not want to hear about how cool his dad was when there were penises anywhere in the area.

Sam began to miss the days when he didn’t hear a word from or about his father for days at a time. He was beginning to avoid going to the bathroom at school so these strange incidents did not occur. Sam was pretty sure he was going to develop a bladder infection from his father’s constant presence in his life these days.

Not that Sam ever saw him. The auto shop building was far enough away that he never ran into his father in the halls during passing period, never saw him out in the quad, and never had to sit near him in assemblies. Sam began to wonder why his dad never mentioned this job at home. He was acting like everything was normal – well, normal for the Winchesters, that is.

Just as Sam was settling into the complacency that was his freshman existence, his father up and disappeared for nearly a week. This wasn’t new – sometimes, an emergency came up and he’d be gone before the sun rose, off to hunt some creature before anyone else died. Sam expected the stories of his father to fade out since he would obviously be fired for missing nearly a week of work, but then he heard something new.

The girls were atwitter with the news – Dean Winchester, that senior boy that had transferred in a couple of months ago with the spindly little freshman brother, was teaching auto shop, but it was supposed to be a secret. OhmiGod! Dean is so cute! Just like his dad. Apparently, Mr. Winchester had a family emergency, but since he had taught Dean everything he knew – you think that’s true? *tee-hee* ‘Cause what Dean can do with his…. MaryAnn! You are a total ‘ho! – he was filling in, passing on assignments to Mr. Winchester’s classes during frequent ditch breaks from his own.

Sam was more than a little pissed. Did his family tell him nothing? He kind of expected it from his father, but Dean? Sam stalked straight over to the auto shop building on the third day – the territory where freshmen feared to tread, all too often locked in the trunk of one of the wrecks they worked on - determined to have it out with Dean after hearing Patsy Chin praise his brother’s family loyalty throughout Mr. Leland’s entire lecture on Roman architecture and its influence on the Classical revival in Renaissance religious structures.

Sam did not wind up locked in a trunk. He used his well-honed skills at stealth – moving under his dad’s radar in cramped motel rooms kept this talent sharp – and his freakish ability to hide his lanky frame almost in plain sight, to edge his way into enemy territory.

Sam hesitantly approached the observation window – Why an observation window for auto shop? Were they planning to put on a production of Grease in there? – and nerved himself to peer in at the side of his father’s life that Sam knew almost nothing about when a hand fell heavily on his shoulder.

Sam reacted with a quick backwards elbow to his unseen opponent’s ribs, but was deflected by a large hand on his wrist and a sudden painful jerk to the side. Sam fell to his knees to alleviate the twist to his shoulder, glaring up at his grinning brother with a look that, if wishes were granted, would make Dean’s head explode.

“Good move, Sammy!” Dean chortled proudly. “Almost got me that time!”

Dean released his grip, helping Sam to his feet as he asked, “What’re you doin’ here, squirt? Lucky you’re not shaking hands with the drill press right now. You know freshmen aren’t allowed over here.”

Dean clamped a hand on Sam’s shoulder and gently push-dragged him towards the exit until Sam dug in his heels – and maybe grabbed hold of a passing doorframe to halt his forward progress – refusing to go any further.

“I came to talk to you, Dean!” Sam muttered insistently, digging his nails