but twice?”

Crowley raised an eyebrow.  Interesting.  “What exactly were you hunting?”

“We thought it was a witch, turned out to be a pagan god.  Not a Trickster exactly, but similar.”

“And let me guess, Squirrel ate something in the god’s house.”

“There was a bowl of Christmas candy?  What’s that… you think the candy did something to him?”

“Most likely.  The good news: I could cure it if I wanted.  Think I’d prefer to make Dean do it, though.”

Sam grabbed his coat and slammed him against the wall.  “Fix him.”

Crowley just sighed.  “I’m not going to leave him like this.  He’s no use to me if I have to leash him to my side to keep him from either going crazy or getting sick.  Now get off me so I can go poke at your brother until he cures himself.”

Sam let him go, but didn’t take his skeptical glare off Crowley until Crowley closed the dungeon door behind him.  “Your brother has some issues, doesn’t he?”

“Uh, yeah.  He’s a Winchester.  We all do.”  Dean’s glare was no less doubtful than Sam’s.  “What’s going on here?  Sounds like you know.”

“Of course I do.”  Crowley grabbed the free chair and pulled it up to the table to sit across from Dean.  “You’ve got a secret that needs to come out.”

“I’ve got a lot of secrets.  Care to be more specific?”

Crowley rolled his eyes.  “You’ve already worked out that it’s something to do with me.  So what are you holding back?”

“I don’t actually mean it when I threaten to kill you.”  Crowley just stared.  “Okay, fine, you knew that.”

“If you meant to kill me, you’d have done it.  Same here.  If I wanted you and Moose dead, you’d be dead in a way that stuck.”

“I actually… kind of like having you around.”  Crowley waited.  “Okay!  Fine.  I wish you were around more.  Aside from Sam and Cas, you’re probably my best friend.”  Crowley waited again, hiding his nerves.  Dean sighed.  “I kind of love you?”

“Good to hear.”  Crowley got up and sauntered around the table to unlock Dean’s chains.  “Now how do we get your brother to overcome this Winchester stubborn and talk to Cas so we can double date?”

Dean makes an unkind remark about Juliet.  Crowley gets revenge.

Notes: Hell, cold, demons, Crowley loves his puppy

Where do you even find a cold spot in Hell?  The only one Dean knew of was the cage, and that was only cold because that’s where Lucifer was.  Yet here he was, freezing his nuts off in Hell.  Apparently, mocking the hellhound reindeer costume your boyfriend was so proud of was a bad idea, when your boyfriend is the King of Hell.

“Come on, Crowley.  This isn’t funny.  I’m sorry I made fun of Juliet, okay?”

At least most of the demons knew better than to mess with him.  He could see the demons swirling not too far away, hear the screams of the souls that were still trapped in their humanity, but they never approached him.  Any time one got too close, another grabbed it and pulled it away.

If Dean had any idea which way it was to the throne room, he’d start walking that way.  He could probably ask a demon, but he didn’t want to risk them learning that he was in the doghouse with Crowley.

He’d already tried praying to Cas.  Nothing.  Either Cas couldn’t come for some reason, or he wasn’t coming because he didn’t want to get involved in Dean’s fight with Crowley.  Dean wasn’t sure which one was better.

A couple hours passed, and Dean was shivering now.  He was just about desperate enough to catch a passing demon and get directions when Crowley popped up.  “Baby, it’s cold outside.  What are you doing out here?”

“Very funny, asshat.”  Dean glared at him.  “Can’t believe you left me out here so long.  And don’t call me baby.”

“Why not?  You’ve never objected to pet names before, darling.”  Crowley wrapped Dean up in a hug, and Dean hated himself for cuddling in.  Crowley was just too warm not to, no matter how pissed Dean was.

“Darling, sweetheart, those are fine.  Don’t call me baby.”

“Whatever you say.  Shall we go somewhere warmer?”

“Please.”

The next thing Dean knew, he was in a nice warm bed with a fire going in the room’s fireplace.  “You should probably stay here a while to thaw out,” Crowley said.  “Want me to stay with you?”

“Yeah, of course.”  Crowley