her until she doesn’t know her own name.” Lucifer smiled his finger firmly cupping your breast rubbing your blood on your nipples. 

“Look at me.” Dean instructed squeezing your face harder puckering your lips painfully. You whimpered slowly opening them looking into the Red glow before seeing his red shadowed face and black eyes making you scream again through closed lips.  

“Such pretty eyes. How did you find this one?” Dean asked rubbing your lips with his thumb as Lucifer kept drawing on your skin with your own blood. 

“Castiel tuned into her prayer and I just happened to be in the area. I popped in the little bitch didn’t even know I was here. Then she was she was a virgin and I couldn’t help myself.” Lucifer chuckled his eyes glistening brighter like each one was a fire burning the darkness away.

“I’m itching to ruin some virgin pussy.” Dean said darkly leaning in to lick your bottom lip lightly. You whine trying to pull back from both men just to be smashed into Sam’s large body, again and again, his cock growing rock hard against your back. Lucifer’s eyes died out and you were left in more darkness as you heard a loud *SNAP* fill the room you screamed again. 

 

Massive candles were set up in front of Jesus giving enough light for you to perfectly see Dean’s mouth coming down on yours. You were laying on something soft and sort of itchy like a large wool blanket maybe, your shirt was torn at your sides while your skirt falls around your hips showing off your pink underwear. Dean’s body was hovering over yours his knees spreading your legs around his hips as he deepened the kiss shoving his tongue into your mouth. You try to push him off you. but your hand just pressed firmly into his massive chest. He rolls his hips into you scrapping your legs with his jeans. Your eyes shot open then looking up into the black orbs instantly so close to your face making you scream into Dean’s mouth. He kissed you deeper as a hand ran down your body grabbing your sex with his full hand. You froze feeling the heat coming from his fingers your body buzz with need. Dean broke the kiss biting his lip as he ran his fingers over your hole.

“Have you ever even been touched here before?” He whispered against your cheek as wetness greeted his fingers on the fabric of your panties. You moaned slightly feeling him push the wet into your hole with your panties collecting more arousal. 

“I’m gonna take that as a no.” Dean chuckled moving two other fingers to the skin not covered by your panties, touching the forbidden part of you.

“Please stop.” You whimper remembering you shouldn’t be liking this. Your arms went back to pushing against him as you looked away trying to find a weapon. Dean pushed your panties aside holding them to your leg with his thumb spreading your lips with his ring and index finger. You gasped feeling him slide through your folds his middle finger sinking into your hole to his second knuckle. You clenched around his finger your legs trying to close around his hips as he pulled back out of you to shove a little deeper inside. 

“So, wet for me already.” He chuckled in your ear mocking your natural reaction as more of your fluid covered his fingers. You actually pushed your hips up at his hand needing more friction making Dean, Lucifer, and Sam laugh in the fire glow. 

“I think she is ready for your cock now Dean.” Lucifer said walking over to where your head was facing. He squatted down to look at the dry blood on your chest already flaking off. Dean grunted pulling out to rub your clit in tight circles, your hand where clawing into his chest as your body threatened to cum any second now. 

“You ready sweetheart.” Dean grunted taking his fingers away from you. You were looking off in the corner your mind trying to wrap around what the fuck was happening right now. *SNAP*. You felt warmer all of a sudden you blinked looking at Dean’s now naked body pressing into yours. You didn’t even get a chance to see his cock before he was running his head up and down your sopping slit. 

“This will be the only kindness you are shown tonight. Look at me with those pretty eyes.” Dean said softly your eyes opening without your permission meeting Dean’s deep green eyes mirroring the flames above your head. He rubbed his head up and down your slit watching your face mix fear with confusing pleasure. Dean sank his head inside of you slowly painfully tearing your walls open inch by inch. You felt him push through your virginity with a sharp instant pain died down to a dull discomfort as he sank the rest of the way into you. The whole time his forest green eyes never left yours just watched how your mouth opened slightly when he took your virginity, making sure you would remember every second of this moment. 

“Now time for some real fun.” Dean smiled his eyes turning black again as he pulled out of you jerking his cock back inside with a deep