on a field of sunflowers with bees buzzing around.  That was something Sam could easily imagine Castiel doing.  Sure enough, when the video finally switched to the singer, it was Castiel.  Sam managed to keep his composure, watching Castiel sing, but only just.

He’d fallen in love with Castiel, but Cas never showed any sign of returning the feelings.  He’d dated a few girls, but never anything serious, and seemed too focused on his studies and his music to really think about romance.  So this didn’t make sense, Castiel singing a pop hit about his unrequited love for Sam.  He glanced over at Krissy.  “Does he have any other songs out yet?”

“Not just him, but he was part of a band.  The band broke up over creative differences a few months ago, apparently two of them were sleeping together and had a nasty breakup and it tore apart the band.  He didn’t write any of the music for the band, that was all the other four guys.  You like him?”

“Yeah, he’s… he has a nice voice.”

“And he’s cute, right?  Look at those eyes!”

Sam forced a laugh and threw a pen cap at her.  “Krissy!  Talking about cute guys with one of my students is just weird.  Get off my desk.”

Krissy hopped up.  “Are you okay, Mr. Winchester?” she asked as quietly as she could.

“I’m fine.  Don’t worry.  Thanks for introducing me to this song.”

 

After school, Sam went to his brother’s house.  Dean was throwing a Christmas party for the family, and Sam had promised to come over early and help decorate.  Lisa and Ben were taking charge of making sure food was ready and beer was cold.

When Sam arrived, Ben came running out.  “How’d I do, Sam?”

Sam ruffled his hair.  “Still grading essays, kiddo.  You did fine on the objective part, though.”

“I’m gonna pass, right?”

Sam met Lisa’s eyes with a grin.  “I think your mom would appreciate it if you’d set the bar a little higher than just a pass…”

“Okay, go help your mom get cookies out, I need Sam on the stairs,” Dean said as he came in with a big box of garland.

Sam helped Dean wrap the garland, and when they reached the bottom of the stairs, Dean handed Sam the mistletoe to hang.  Sam rolled his eyes.  “Seriously?  What are we, in high school?”

“Mistletoe is a very important Christmas tradition, Sam.  And you’re the only one tall enough to hang it, so just hang it already.”

“Fine.”  Sam reached up and tucked the sprig into the hook he’d put up three years before.

Dean came over to stand beside him.  “What’s wrong, Sammy?”

“Nothing, don’t worry.  Something weird happened at school and I’m gonna take a while to shake it off.  Don’t worry, I’m fine, it’s just some old memories that got dredged up.”

Dean gave Sam a long, hard look, but nodded.  “Okay.”

 

Guests started arriving a few minutes before seven, and Sam helped greet everyone with hugs.  Bobby, Ellen and Jo, Jody and Alex, even Crowley and Rowena came.  Krissy and her dad showed up, and Krissy made a beeline for Sam.  “Look!  This came out just this week, and my dad gave it to me as an early Christmas present!”  She thrust a CD into Sam’s hands.  Steve Clarence.  “I haven’t had a chance to listen to it, but I wanted to show you.”

“Awesome.”  Sam stared at the picture on the cover for a moment.  Castiel looked really good in the clinging blue sweater and tight jeans.  When the doorbell rang, he handed the CD back to Krissy.  “Lucky you.”

He went to answer the door, but Dean was almost there, so Sam turned and headed for some food.  Krissy’s squeal was unmistakable, though, and Sam couldn’t blame her when he turned to check what had caused it and saw Castiel there.  His breath caught and he stood where he was to watch as Cas signed Krissy’s CD for her.

Castiel looked up at him and he smiled softly as he made his way over.  “Hello.”

“Hello?”

Castiel’s head tilted.  “That… is still the term.”

“I haven’t seen you since graduation, and that’s all you have to say?”

“No.  It seemed to be a good place to start, though.  I’ve missed you.”  Castiel shoved his hands into the pockets of his trench coat.  “I tried to email you after we left for Europe, but you never answered.  And then things got crazy… I’m sorry we lost touch.”

“Would’ve been nice to have some warning before my students talked me into listening to