never gone to sleep with Sam just across the gap between the beds and woken up to find Sam run off and out of his life for years, or captured by a demon for some sort of sadistic Hunger Games scenario.  It was hard for either of them to argue his point.

“Close your eyes, Sam.”  Sam obeyed, and the air shifted around them.  It was warm, and there was a soft rain falling.  “Okay.”

Sam opened his eyes.  He and Castiel were on top of a building overlooking a huge rose garden.  The sun was just starting to peek over the horizon, and it was so quiet and still that Sam hesitated to talk.  Still, he was curious.  “Where are we?”

“Argentina.  Some of these roses are putting out their first blooms of the season.  When I was searching for God, I came across this place, and I spent days here because I thought I could feel his presence.  I believe now it’s just because He’s a gardener, and this place is so quiet.  But I’m glad to come back, to see it in bloom again.  A small piece of the world you saved.”

Sam smiled at that, laying down on the roof with his head in Castiel’s lap.  “It’s beautiful.  Thank you for bringing me here.”

“Tell me about Jess.”

“We met at Stanford – my friend Brady introduced us at a party, and she threw her beer on us.  Brady was dating her roommate and she thought Brady was trying to hook her up with his roommate so that she’d be out of the room more often.  That wasn’t his intent.  He just…” Sam trailed off for a bit.  “He knew that Jess was someone I would fall head over heels for so when Azazel wanted me back in the game, he had a game piece to burn.”

“He was possessed.  Brady didn’t do that to you.”

“I know, but I’m still having trouble sorting out the good memories from the time before he was possessed from the bad times afterwards.  We stopped being friends junior year, years before I knew what had happened to him.”  Castiel’s fingers slipped into Sam’s hair, combing through it, a gesture that had always comforted Sam.  “Jess was awesome.  She was confident and fun, but not in your face about it.  We bonded over researching something together for classes – different classes, but the project we were working on was applicable to both.  I don’t even remember which of us was the one to kiss the other that first time, but I know that she was usually the one to make the first move.”

“What was she studying?”

“Her major was statistics, and she was doing a minor in theatre just because she could.  She was gonna go to business school while I did law school, and then we’d try to work for the same company, even if that meant starting our own.  It would’ve been a nice life.”

“I’m sorry it didn’t work out the way you’d hoped.”

“It wouldn’t have anyway.  It was a nice fantasy, and I could probably have made it work for a few years, but eventually something would have gotten me back in the hunt.  Dean, probably, one way or another.  I was never meant for a safe, apple-pie life, and I was never really happy in the fantasy despite having everything I thought I wanted.  I hate the chaos and the running, but the truth is, I’m not sure I can be happy without it.  I just need moments like this, too, where I’m safe and happy, and nothing that life had to offer could compare to watching roses in the rain in the dawn with my angel boyfriend.”

“So you’re happy, now, in this life?  Hunting with Dean, me dropping by when we’re both able to take some time?”  Sam looked away from the roses.  Castiel had his serious face on.  Well, he always had his serious face on, but this was the “this is very important to me and I would like a straight answer” face.

“I’m happy.  It’s human nature to wish you had things you can’t have, like a dog, but I have what I need and I want what I have, so this is good.”

Castiel’s face softened into a smile.  “In that case, would you like to bond with me?  I don’t know if we could marry under human law, at the very least we would have to create a false identity for me and that would seem like creating a marriage that’s a lie, but the angelic equivalent has always accepted angel-human bonding.”

Sam sat up quickly, surprised that Castiel would ask.  But Cas wouldn’t ask if he didn’t mean it, or if it weren’t what he wanted.  “Yes.  I would love that.”