speak until you feel his hand grab your breast firmly. You winced going still from the sudden aggression. He loosened his death hold to rub your nipple back and forth. He pulled your shirt up all the way letting the cold air on your warm skin. Goose bumps rose along your skin making him moan again before he moved his head away from your face. You stiffened feeling his breath on your chilld nipples and breast. 

"It-its cold." You shiver lightly until you feel his warm wet lips suck your right nipple into his mouth. You whimpered feeling as stiff as a board as he lightly flicked your nipple with his tongue. 

"Please stop." You say growing angrier the longer he was on you. He just switched nipples biting your left one softly. You started to try and push him away with your chest. He growled pulling jerking from you breast. His free hand was now yanking your shirt completely off your torso. 

"I'm trying to make this better for you. Do you want me to just take what I want." He asked angrily wanting to just cut your clothes off.

"Your already doing that." You point out trying not to make him madder. He tensed before reaching back to pull a knife from his belt holster.

"I could kill you right now if I wanted to." He said pressing the cold metal into your abdomen the blade making you gulp down tears in fright. He moved the knife down your stomach to your hip before using the tip to move your waist band down some. You didn't scream or move while he pulled your pants almost completely off with just his knife and knees. 

"Now stay just like this." He said softly placing the knife to the side. He pulled his shirt off his body tossing it to the right. Then he worked on undoing his belt and what sounded like jeans.

"I'm only 19 please don't do what I think your about to do." You say finally unable to stop the tears from running down your cheeks. 

"I need it." He said animalistly before quickly turning you over on to your stomach. Your tied hands landed under your breast keeping your chest off the ground. Your pants still wrapped around your ankles making it easy for him to pull your hips up. He lifted you until your butt was in the air, but your legs were closed tightly. 

"Don't do this." You beg again before feeling liquid being spread on your lower lips making you squeak in horror. He rubbed it against his shaft making a slapping sound from behind. You were unable to see what he was found besides the weird squishing sounds. Leaving you unprepared when he shoved his dick forcefully between your pussy lips.

"Holy shit." You gasp feeling his large cock head spreading you apart. He moaned pushing further slowley almost suprised by how tight you were. 

"You feel so good." He groan bottoming out into your cervix just sitting there letting you get adjusted to his massive girth. 

"Your to big." You complain trying to pull him out of your walls. You were able to pull him out half way before he caught your hips slamming you back into his hips. You made a grunt slash moan sound feeling his head bump into your cervix again.

"I said stop fucking moving!" He roared making you yelp in fear. He pulled out to slam back in again causing you to howl in weird pain. He thrust hard but at a slow pace making your feel every inch of his cock sinking into you over and over again. 

"Please stop." You whine your walls stretched to their max causing you slight pain ever time his head went back inside of you. He just grunted harder picking up his pace to a steady firm rhythm. One of his hands was on your hip the other on the middle of your back keeping your torso down to the floor.

"You feel amazing." He groaned going even faster. Your tent shook around you making you feel even more alone than normal as a stranger raped you in the woods. You cried silently as he pumped into your already sore walls. His hand squeezed your hip roughly letting go after a couple of seconds.

"Almost there." He grunted his fingers digging into your skin again while you felt him get slightly wider. You grounded your teeth together trying not to scream from the pain. He yelled in release his hips slamming into you letting his head hit your cervix to spray you with his cum. He was motionless inside of you letting his body relax completely before pulling out. He pushed you over into the sleeping bag closing it up a few inches. He grabbed the knife again before taking your hands and cutting them free.

"Don't move." He ordered standing up to fix his pants and belt. You rub your wrist not wanting to make this lunatic angrier. He fumbled around finding your flashlight in the corner by the door flap. He turned it on pointing it at were he had thrown his shirt. He grabbed the black cloth before exiting your tent leaving you shivering as the cold night air entered the once warm space. 

"Do you want some