. It's five-o-five. Now get your ass up! I wanna see you dressed and finished with breakfast in fifteen minutes."

Great. It seemed Dean was channeling Dad this morning. Sam cursed his brother's blind loyalty to their father under his breath and swung his legs out of bed, almost falling over when his sense of balance decided it suddenly wanted to desert him. Shrugging off Dean's instant concern, he grabbed a pair of jeans and a T-shirt and put them on as quickly as possible before slipping on his tennis shoes, not bothering to fix his hair since their running and sparring was bound to mess it up again anyway. Besides, once they were done he planned on taking a shower and falling back into bed for the rest of the day.

Once he'd gotten dressed and forced himself to swallow a whole one-and-a-half Pop Tarts and a glass of juice, he made his way outside, where Dean was leaning against a tree waiting for him. His older brother smirked, and Sam could already tell this wasn't going to be fun. Once Dean got that competitive gleam in his eye, it usually meant Sam was going to have to try twice as hard to keep up with him – and today he wasn't sure he had half the usual effort in him, let alone double.

"About time, Princess," Dean chided, walking over and ruffling his brother's hair, which Sam answered with an annoyed huff. "I thought you'd fallen asleep on the table or something."

"Are we gonna train or what?"

"Jeez, bitchy, what crawled up your ass this morning?"

"Let's just go, okay? Please?" Sam asked, too tired to even bother dignifying that with an answer.

"Alright then, you asked for it. We'll each do ten laps around the block in opposite directions, and then we'll meet back here. And keep up with me – no slowing down and resting just 'cause you think I won't see."

Dean took off running, and Sam hastily did the same, his entire body throbbing in time with his feet as he stretched his much shorter legs in an attempt to match the pace he knew his brother was keeping.

"Well, it's official," he thought as they finished the first lap right on time and he noticed he was already winded. "I'm in Hell."

Dean wasn't sure what was wrong with Sam today, but the kid was really off his game. He'd finished the ten laps, but only barely, and it took him several minutes to catch his breath after they were done. He'd also turned down the water Dean tried to offer when he saw how sweaty and red his face was, and for a minute he'd actually looked a little green.

Now that Sam had caught his breath, though, it was time for them to spar. Dean was planning on fighting hard, but contrary to what John said he didn't want to go full strength today. He wasn't sure exactly why, but something was telling him Sam wasn't up for it now. Keeping this plan to himself, the two of them squared off, Sam looking a little dazed but still annoyed and determined all the same. Dean gave his best cocky smile, trying to bait Sam a little before they even started.

"Winner gets the first shower?" he asked lightly, surprised when Sam snorted and looked away.

"Why bother asking? You're so much bigger than I am that we both know it'll be you."

"Well with an attitude like that it will," Dean countered, frustrated with whatever had Sam so snippy this morning. "You gonna just roll over and die when you're up against a werewolf, too? After all, it is bigger than you."

"Screw off."

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me, Dad. I know you think his orders are more important than the Ten Commandments, but that doesn't mean you have to talk to me the way he does."

"Yeah? Well maybe I ought to more often. Obviously you aren't listening to him if I'm having to tell you the same stuff he's already said."

Sam's nostrils flared, his eyes widening in fury as he clenched his fists at his sides; to be honest, Dean wasn't in much better control of himself at the moment. So when Sam spat, "Are we gonna fight or what?" it was on in a heartbeat.

The two of them traded punches and kicks back and forth in rapid succession, each scrabbling to knock the other's feet out from under him or hit a disabling target like the knees. Sam guarded his upper body tightly, only striking out with a punch or kick when he knew Dean wouldn't be able to counterstrike in time. The older Winchester didn't notice his unusual protective stance, or the way he flinched every time he lifted his