to cut you open to and drink it all up.” He teased licking a thin line up your neck before sucking on the skin right under your jaw. His hand moved dipping a single finger through your fold into your entrance feeling how wet you had gotten from him on top of you. 

“The best lube is always made naturally they say.” Dean whispered before quickly yanking your panties off in a sign of dominance. You tried to squirm again unable to even move your fingers. Dean rose up off your making the bed dip in between your legs. It was still pitch black in your room leaving your mind to race with ideas of what he might be doing. You heard things hitting the floor then you felt your shirt being ripped in half from the bottom to the top. Dean’s hands wrapped around your throat lightly squeezing holding his weight on them. His knees pushed your thighs wider for a moment before a small whimper left your mouth.

“Please don’t.” You whimper as he tightens his hold on your throat. Dean’s lips lightly brushed against your unexpectedly making you gasp in fright. He pushed his lips harder into yours as he tightens his grip again until you could barely breathe. He shoved himself inside of you hitting your cervix making your bed squeak lightly.  He pulled back thrust again the mattress squeaking in protest. Dean growled pulling away from you one of his hand loosening enough for him to snap next to your head. 

“Much better.” Dean purred as your body dipped into the softer bed. It also felt bigger than the one you just had.

“What did you do?” You asked through his choking grip. Dean chuckled pulling out to slam back in deeply.

“I gave you a present. A bed worthy of my princess.” He moaned going harder inside of you. 

“I think that is enough lube. Now time for my present.” Dean said darkly pulling out of you slowly as his powers flipped you over onto your hands and knees. Your cheek was flush against the clean smelling mattress you had no time to react before Dean shoved his penis head inside of your ass. You tried to scream finding your mouth sealed shut yet again as tears of agony streamed down your face. 

“I want to savor every inch of this.” Dean started pushing slowly deeper making your ass hole burn intensely. Dean’s hand grabbed onto your hips squeezing tightly with each small push. He could feel your fear and pain through your spasming asshole making his eyes roll in lust. The hint of blood in the air almost sent him into a frenzy. He was half way feeling your body tensed up with each inch of his shaft tearing you apart. You couldn’t think past the pain ever small advance he made breaking a small part of your mind and will power. 

“Only half way and you’re already bleeding. I didn’t think your ass would be this sensitive.” Dean mocked pulling out a little before going deeper. You wanted to scream or hit him or just die all at the same time until Dean slammed into you with his full strength sending a lightning bolt of pain up your spine. He pulled out to his rim popping it in and out before shoving himself back to his base. Your back arched trying to ease some of the pain only adding to it with the weird angel. 

“Fuck your little ass is bleeding a lot ___ can you feel it running down your legs.” Dean teased going harder. You tried to block out the warm trickles of liquid on the inside of your legs. You can’t stop sobbing as you’re your ass feels puffy and swollen. Dean started to go faster a deep growls coming from his chest sending more fear to your heart. One of Dean’s hands went up you’re back grabbing your hair like before must be a kink of his. He pulled you up by your hair arching your back to ram his cock deeper in your ass.  

“So fucking wet.” Dean grunted each word along with a hard thrust before spilling his semen inside of your bleeding ass. Your limbs felt heavy suddenly as your knees gave out making your body fall to the bed Dean still attached. He fell with you pushing deeper when you hit the mattress. 

“AAhh!” You whimper in sharp pain. Dean leaned down shushing you with a chuckled letting his penis throb inside of you.

“Shhh sweetheart, wouldn’t want your parents to die because you couldn’t keep your fucking mouth shut. You’re lucky I’m not looking for a permanent pet or I would make you watch me cut them open.” Dean laughed starting to pull out of you just as slowly as he went in. You whimper trying not to scream from the piercing pain in your ass hole. He popped out of you as he pulled away from your body. Letting you breathe heavily into the new mattress in pure agony. Your ass felt wide and sticky, you were too afraid to check just how much blood was coming from your ass. 

“I’ll be coming back in the next 3 of days at any time during the day. When I do