to the end.  “You’re not gonna let him down, Sam.  Complete the trials or choose to live, either way, you’ll make Dean proud of you.  Think he’d prefer you alive, but that’s just a guess.”

“And then what?  I’m just gonna let him down again.  He gave me this big list of things I should confess when I went to purify myself, and it really drove the point home.  He was right.  You’re a better brother to him than I ever was.”  Sam closed his eyes as Benny’s arm tightened around him.  “Don’t let him do anything stupid, okay?  Tell him I’m okay with going.  That I want to go.  The way my life works, I bet I end up in Hell anyway, and with the doors slammed closed, there won’t be anything he can do to bring me back this time.  Do what you can to make him move on and live his life, okay?”

“You really got that little to live for, that you’re willing to give it all up because you’re afraid of lettin’ Dean down?”  Sam nodded, and Benny wanted to shake him.  “Dean said that you were the one who saw a light at the end of the tunnel.  What happened?”

“Oh, I still see it,” Sam said with a weak chuckle.  “It’s just that now that I’m close enough, I can see that it’s hellfire.  Maybe Heaven.  But it’s not the happy ending I promised Dean I could take him to, and see, there I go letting him down again.”

Tears threatened to overflow, and Benny pulled Sam into a proper hug.  “It ain’t too late.  You can turn back.  You can live.  You got a choice here.  I know livin’ in this world is hard.  But you wouldn’t leave me in Purgatory, and I’m not gonna let you kill yourself without a fight.”

Sam’s arms came up around Benny, and he held on as tightly as he could manage.  It wasn’t all that tight.  “Thank you.  I’m sorry I was such an ass to you at first.  Over and over you keep proving me wrong.  The only person you’ve killed since you’ve been back is my fault.  You’re better off without me, too.  You and Dean and Cas, the three of you, look after each other.”  Sam pulled away, wiping tears from his eyes.  “I need to get back to work.  Crowley’s due for a treatment.”

Benny watched the door close, his own tears streaming down his face at the finality as he wracked his brain for something, anything, he could use to save Sam’s life.  What words, what actions, whatever had a chance of getting through.  There was nothing.

 

Benny waited with the Impala when Dean showed up to talk to Sam.  He burst into a huge smile when he saw Dean stumbling out with Sam leaning on him, very much alive, but the joy didn’t last long.  Sam collapsed against the Impala, looking worse than he had earlier.  The falling stars couldn’t distract him from Sam long.

The doctors reported that they had no idea what was wrong, so there was nothing they could do but try to keep him comfortable and hope he pulled through.  As soon as they were gone, Dean turned to Benny.  “Turn him.”

“He seems comfortable enough… I don’t wanna mess up his machines.”  Benny blinked back the tears.  After everything, after choosing to live, Sam was gonna die anyway.

Dean smacked him.  “Don’t be an idiot.  Turn him into a vampire.”

“No!”  Benny stared at Dean in shock.  “You remember how betrayed you felt when he let you get turned?  And you’d do that to him?”

Dean shook his head.  “It’s different.  We… well, I… didn’t know it then, but there’s a cure.  I can round up the ingredients easily enough.  As long as you can keep him from feeding, which, come on, it’s Sammy.  He’d find a way to chop his own head off before he fed from an innocent person.”

“What do you need?”  Benny looked at Sam.  He wasn’t sure Sam would want this, but Sam had come out of that church alive.  He’d chosen life.

“Got most of it in the Impala.  Standard stuff.  Salt, herbs.  And then your blood.”

“My blood.”  Dean had already killed him for Sam once.  It’s not that Benny minded dying for Sam again.  He was just surprised how easy it was for Dean this time.

“Yeah.”  Dean noticed Benny’s expression.  “Come on, man.  You ain’t willing to bleed a little for Sam?  Thought you loved him.”

“All