“No, Dean.  Not like the party.  As in an actual, literal male deer.  With antlers.”

“Wait a minute…” Dean was laughing hard.  “I heard people talking this morning about a moose or something that made a mess out of the pool area.  Please tell me that was you.”

Sam lost his fight with the facepalm.  “I am not a moose, I am a stag.  There’s a difference.  But, yes, unless there’s one hell of a coincidence that was me in the pool last night.”

Dean’s laughter got so hard Sam was starting to seriously worry about his ability to breathe.  “Sam, I’ve heard of stag parties that ended up with someone getting thrown in the pool, but I don’t think that’s how you’re supposed to do it.”

“You’re an idiot,” Sam grumbled.  “We need to reopen the cursed object case now that we know it’s doing something to me, unless you want me antlering the windows in the Impala or give up driving at night during a full moon.”

“Yeah, yeah, you know that even if we do figure out how to break this I’m not doing it until after I’ve seen my majestic moose of a brother in his natural form?” Dean said.

“Stag, not moose!”  By now Sam had reached the door.  “Hanging up now.”

When he got into the room, Sam’s first priority was to get a shower and clean clothes.  Then he got on the laptop and started researching.  Dean was very helpful, telling every joke he could remember or invent that involved deer, moose, elk, or Sam.  After the five hundred forty-seventh, or thereabouts, Sam huffed in annoyance.  “Dean, you can either shut up, or I can smash the laptop over your head.  Your choice.”

“Dude.  You’d never break your precious like that,” Dean said.  He held up his hands when Sam picked up the laptop.  “Fine, you’re not in the right mood to appreciate my hilariousness, okay.”  He picked up the little granite frog that had caused all this.  “Why’d a frog turn you into a stag?”

“Don’t look at me.  The only thing I’ve been able to learn is that I’m a were-sambar.  It’s a type of deer native to India.”  Sam turned the laptop to show Dean a picture.

Dean’s face lit up with glee.  “Dude.  You’re a deer with a mane.  Even as an animal your hair is ridiculous and shaggy!”  He started singing “Sammy the Shaggy Mane-Deer”, and Sam squeezed his eyes shut.

He hadn’t even realized he was praying until he heard the wings.  “Sam.  What’s wrong?”  Castiel turned to look in Dean’s direction.  “Aside from your brother’s inability to sing.  Which I can’t do anything about.  I’m sorry.”

“Hi, Cas.  So, um, that cursed frog thing?”  Castiel nodded.  “It turned me into a were-sambar.”

Castiel went to Dean and took the frog from him.  Dean paused in his singing to stick out his tongue.  “Yes, I can feel it now.  The curse can be activated at any time, but it will only become apparent during the time of the full moon.  I’m sorry, Sam.”

“What exactly is the curse?” Sam asked.

Castiel turned the frog over a couple times.  “It will turn the person who touches it into a were-animal that reflects something of their nature.  You became a sambar.  Dean, I suspect, would become a mockingbird, or possibly a howler monkey.”

Sam chuckled at that.  “Any thoughts on how to break it?”

“Yes.  You won’t like it, though.”  Castiel set the frog down next to the laptop.  “The object was cursed centuries ago, by a powerful witch named Rowena.  Her son’s hatred for her is strong enough that he would likely jump at the chance to undo her work, even if it means helping you.”

“Okay, so… wait, centuries ago, but her son’s still alive?  How does that work?” Sam said.

“Strictly speaking, her son is dead.  Her son was Fergus MacLeod.”

“Crowley,” Dean said, finally shutting up and getting serious.  “Seriously?  Everything that’s happened, and you want us to call Crowley for help?  You didn’t learn a damn thing, did you!”

“It’s the quickest and easiest way to end the curse.  Rowena’s spellcraft was strong and subtle, and it would take another witch days to learn enough about this to safely reverse the spell,” Castiel said.  “Of course, you’re free to try.  Just don’t call me when Sam is stuck as a sambar or a bizarre hybrid of human and deer or exploded.”

“Fine.  We