a difference between us... and a million miles."

"Well, you are on like the other side of the country."

"Hello from the other side. I must've called a thousand times, to tell you I'm sorry for everything that I've done, but when I call, you never seem to be home...", you made sure your voice didn't break or anything, trying to sound as serious as possible. "Hello from the outside. At least I can say that I've tried to tell you I'm sorry for breaking your heart, but it don't matter, it clearly doesn't tear you apart anymore."

"What... what the hell, (YN)?"

"Hello, how are you?"

"I'm fine."

"It's so typical of me to talk about myself, I'm sorry. I hope that you're well. Did you ever make it out of that town where nothing ever happened?"

"As if I ever had a boring life."

"It's no secret that the both of us are running out of time."

"Wait... that sounds familiar." You exhaled quietly, grin now fully formed on your face.

"So hello from the other side. I must've called a thousand times to tell you I'm sorry for everything that I've done, but when I call, you never seem to be home. Hello from the outside. At least I can say that I've tried to tell you I'm sorry for breaking your heart, but it don't matter, it clearly doesn't tear you apart anymore."

"Ha, ha. Very funny. I've got better things to do than to get pranked.", Sam huffed. Finally, you burst out laughing, tears streaming down your face almost immediately. You wheezed out something like an apology, almost able to imagine Sams eye roll. He hung up, leaving you to your laughing. Slowly you calmed down, breathing growing more and more regular. 

Now it was time to try this on Dean.

You giggled. This was going to be fun.

"Yes? (YN)?"

You stifled a giggle at his groggy voice. 

"Now and then I think of when we were together...", you slurred, acting drunk. Hopefully it fooled Dean. "Like when you said you felt so happy you could die..."

Dean made a confused sound, mumbling something along the lines of 'what are you talking about'.

"Told myself that you were right for me. But felt so lonely in your company. But that was love and it's an ache I still remember..."

"(YN), are you drunk?" You had to hold the phone away from your face as you let out a breathy laugh, but put it back to your ear quickly.

"You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness. Like resignation to the end... Always the end." Dean only let out a sigh, and you knew he was going to say something. Quickly, you continued. "So when we found that we could not make sense... Well you said that we would still be friends... But I'll admit that I was glad that it was over..."

"(YN)-"

"But you didn't have to cut me off. Make it like it never happened, and then that we were nothing. And I don't even need your love. But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough..."

"Hey, you alright there? Do I need to come over?"

Aww, Dean worried about you. You actually felt kind of touched by that.

"You didn't have to stoop so low! Have your friends collect your records and then change your number. I guess that I don't need that though..."

"(YN)..." Dean sounded genuinely sad. Oh no, you really didn't want that. You had to wrap this up as quickly as possible.

"Now you're just somebody that I used to know..."

"Wait, what?" Ah, seemed like Dean finally realized what you were doing.

"Now you're just somebody that I used to know..."

"Ugh, I hate you. You pulled the same shit on me. Sam warned me, y'know? Ugh, I should've realized sooner!", Dean groaned.

You giggled directly into your phone, letting Dean hear the joy he brought by reacting that way.

"Aww, I know you love me!", you cooed.

"Fuck you." With that, Dean hung up.

Only Cas left now.

You drummed your fingers on the table as you waited for Cas to pick up. You already had the song text before you, quickly scanning the lyrics before glancing to the bed. You were tired, yes, but this was way more important than sleep.

"Hello, (YN). I didn't expect you to call me at this hour, to be honest."

"Hey, I was doing just fine before I met you. I drink too