it fills Dean's lungs and his throat and his mouth and it's heavy, heavy, heavy...

Castiel places his hand on Dean's shoulder, cool and cleansing and a feeling like stepping out of a steamy shower washes over Dean and he remembers the road, the trip to Bobby's and the necromancer. He remembers everything and forgets the smell and vaguely, if at all really, Dean wonders why it's taken him so long to start the car.

The engine revs and the impala skirts down the highway.

At Bobby's they spend more time than Dean would ever like to spend, nose deep in dust and parchment and ugly symbols. By midnight he's ready to call it quits and Bobby is more than happy to agree. Castiel, with his heavenly-bestowed patience, stays put, eyes scanning the very fine text of a book dating back to sometime just before the romantic period. Dean follows Bobby up the staircase towards the back where his bedroom as well as the guest bedroom reside. In passing, Dean asks if Bobby's seen Sam recently. Bobby tells him he had been there today, but that he hadn't seen sign of him since early that afternoon.

Dean nods. Sam was always known for running off.

In his room Dean kicks off his boots, unbuttons his shirt and shucks his jeans. He could go outside to the car for something to sleep in, but the evening's worn heavy on his level of care and he'd just like to curl up in Bobby's old linen and sleep a solid eight hours.

He crawls into bed in his boxers, sound of rusty springs echoing in the empty space about him and for a moment something feels off. The prospect of being in a room by himself seems foreign and wrong to Dean and why the fuck would that be, he's a grown man with plenty of shit to be uncomfortable around besides darkness. But it isn't the darkness that sets him off on this itching tangent, but the alone part. Like this room was made for two people or maybe Dean was made to be two people. He doesn't know, he feels kind of-weird, not whole. It's enough to set him off into a little mental rock. The ceiling above him has hundreds of scuff marks and scratches, Dean remembers staring up at them as a child when Dad had dripped him off here and he needed something to wear him out enough to fall asleep and there it was again. The odd, swaying feeling like things weren't what they were supposed to be. Like he had forgotten something back somewhere but it was important and he'd lost it and  why had he done that?Why had he left it? How could he? It was important! Wasn't it?

Dean squeezes his eyes shut as the smell wafts in and around him again. Thick, heavy, it makes him nauseous and he feels the thoughts in his brain spinning and shifting and warping into monsters. Corpses. That's what the smell is. Death. Only it's a different kind of death, not like the kind Dean sees almost every day, but some special kind. One that shakes him, makes everything in him run ice cold and wrecked. The blackness under his eyelids starts to move and form figures and scenarios. It's a body, laying bloody and hollow on the concrete, brown hair soaked in ugly red, face carved up and silent. Dean's holding him, arms cradled around his strong form tightly, too tightly, much too tightly... He should say ow, say "that hurts Dean, stop it." Only he isn't. He isn't saying anything and it's nauseating and stupid and it hurts, hurts, hurts because there's just silence. Nothing's there in that body, it's so quiet and empty-feeling that if Dean didn't know better he'd say nothing ever was in there.

Something was though, something was in there. Dean's... Dean's.... And it hits him there in the darkness hard enough to knock every breath straight out of him.

Dean's brother.

Lying cold and red and impossibly still on the cement of some warehouse in some town, that was Dean's brother.

A shuddering pain like nothing else wracks through his body as he remembers.

The haze about his mind is clearing and in it's place it's left violence and agony and Dean remembers. The long months of waiting, wishing, praying for a way for him to come back, for Dean's baby brother to come back. And the steel-cold ache in his gut when he never did.

There was the darkness after a while. Dean remembers it clearly now, it came in waves, replacing the pain entirely, dangerously, with its substitute. Then there was the numbness that ensued. The loss of real rationality.

The idea.

Dean sees it now as he saw it then, clear and echoing like a chime in a subtle