hand leaving Sam's back to curl under his chin, raising Sam's head right back where Dean could look at it uninterrupted. Helpless to stop it, Sam let his eyes meet Dean's again. "So the risk of getting caught gets your rocks off. Nothing wrong with that," he spoke honestly, so honestly Sam's chest ached with it.

"It's dirty," Sam explained, caught in a place between mortified and aroused.

"I like dirty," Dean muttered through a smirk, catching Sam's lips in a delicate kiss, no more than a brief press of his lips against Sam's. "I'm dirty, too."

"Are you?" Sam asked, nose wrinkling, part curious and part disbelieving. Dean could dirty talk Sam into coming in his pants untouched, and he was generally unashamed of everything sexual that they did, but there is a difference between wanting Sam doggy style and wanting… whatever it was that Sam wanted.

"Oh yeah," Dean replied, nosing under Sam's jaw and making Sam shiver. "So, so dirty."

"Like what?" Sam pushed, because, hell, he wanted to know. It wasn't a competition – okay, maybe it was, they are brothers, after all, everything was a competition – but suddenly it seemed rather pressing to know what Dean thought classified as kinky. Sam had a few ideas, but they'd never tried them. Maybe they should.

"Like, like tying you up, hands and feet and everything, having you helpless and unable to do anything about it," Dean told Sam's neck in a rush, hot breath puffing over Sam's skin, sending jolts of pleasure down his spine.

"But that's about me," Sam insisted, countering. "If I wasn't, if we- if we weren't, what would be-"

"Panties," Dean said in a whisper, and Sam almost didn't catch it, except he did. God, he did. Sam's whole body went taut and he whined in Dean's arms, hips moving against his will and rutting against Dean's naked thigh. Sam didn't know if Dean meant he liked seeing other people in panties, or wearing them himself, or just panties because they're panties, but the thought was hot and Sam felt like a pot of water slowly heating on a stove, gradually becoming warmer and warmer.

"Like, on girls? Or-"

"Wearin' them, Sammy. Mm, lacy ones," Dean continued, voice low and soft, breathless.

Sam humped Dean's thigh again, and this time a moan escaped him. He was not heating slowly on a stove, he was boiling, all over.

His head was spinning and Dean groaned a strangled "Sammy-" before they started pushing against each other in earnest, cocks dragging through the mess of come Dean had shot across their bellies earlier, thighs interlocking and rubbing against each other's balls.

"I wanna see you in panties, Dean," Sam revealed, delirious with want.

Dean panted into Sam's neck and his big, rough hand grabbed one of Sam's buttocks, curling around the supple flesh and hitching Sam's thigh up high over Dean's waist, so Dean's own leg could slide against Sam's balls with more friction. Sam moaned at the sensation.

Sam didn't talk dirty, not like Dean did, but the thought of Dean in a pair of pink or black panties, delicate lace catching at the sensitive skin of his cock, how the balls would peek out because there isn't much room in them and if Dean's hard cock tented the fabric, stretched it until it was pulled tight and got in his ass like a thong-

"I wanna see you in a thong," Sam amended, cheeks burning and gut burning and cock and balls burning, burning everywhere, Dean's hands on him and Dean's leg between his own and the sliding sensation of their slippery cocks caught between their bellies.

"Fuck, yeah-" Dean shoved Sam onto his back, getting his other thigh between Sam's legs so he was lying between them. Dean grabbed each of Sam's knees and brought them up, pushing them apart until Sam felt the stretch in his tendons that meant he'd be sore later.

A knock on the door made them both freeze, Dean's hands still holding Sam's knees open, enough that Sam feels exposed and vulnerable and laid bare, Sam's hands still gripping Dean's skin wherever he could reach.

A beat later, two more knocks, more deliberate and impatient, curt and resounding, made them break apart slightly, Dean's hands still holding Sam's knees apart, and fuck if that didn't make Sam whine softly and his cock jerk, a spurt of clear pre-come sliding down his shaft and his balls, inside his thigh and over the cheek of his ass, to his tailbone.