table as Castiel's arms quickly dropped from his shoulders and the angel backed a few steps away. "That's not what I meant –"

"It is what you meant, Dean. I could feel the sincerity of your words. I just wish that you could find it in yourself to trust me. I love you, and I would never do anything to put you in danger."

Castiel's blue eyes were shiny now, and Dean felt a rock forming in the pit of his stomach when he realized he was about to make his angel cry. He reached out toward Cas, opening his mouth to apologize, but before the words could get out the angel was gone, vanishing with an almost silent rustle of his six wings.

"Dammit!" he shouted, slamming his fist down on the table and almost spilling the bottle of beer before Sam moved it out of the way. "Why the hell does he always do that? He didn't even give me a chance to explain!"

"I think he was just tryin' to get outta here before you put your foot any farther in your mouth," Bobby said gruffly, shaking his head at the stupidity of this entire fight. "Honestly, Dean, you're a damn fool. Of all the people who might ever do anything to hurt you, I think Castiel's about the last. He built you from the ground up, remember? He fell from Heaven for you. Why the hell would he willingly do anything that would put you in danger, ya idjit?"

Dean sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose and closing his eyes.

"I know, Bobby. I didn't mean to upset him, I just… I don't think I can do this, even if it is for Cas. I just don't think I can."

"Well I don't really care about that, but you'd better go apologize to him now before he decides to bring a bolt of lightning down on my house. And if you two don't knock off this stupid fightingnow, I'm gonna drag you up to the roof and throw you off myself to see how well you fly. Understand?"

Dean gulped and grabbed his keys, immediately starting to jog toward the front door. "Yes, sir."

Castiel wasn't hard to find when Dean went looking for him. He was just sitting on the porch, legs dangling to the ground and the ends of his trenchcoat flapping in the gentle breeze blowing through the salvage yard. When he saw Dean approaching, he sighed softly, shooing away the tiny honeybee he had been allowing to perch on the tip of his index finger.

Dean put the Impala's keys in his pocket and sat down beside him, scooting over so they were leaning hip-to-hip, and threw his arm around Castiel's shoulders. He was more than a little relieved when the angel didn't move away but instead leaned into the embrace with a tiny huff. Dean swallowed against the hard lump in his throat. He was already feeling like a total asshole about this whole thing, and somehow the way Cas forgave him and welcomed him back into his arms so easily only made it worse.

"Cas? Babe, I'm sorry," Dean said gently, leaning over and softly kissing the angel's temple. "I didn't mean to make it sound like I don't trust you. I do – more than probably anyone in the entire world. You risked your life to rescue my soul from Hell, Cas! You fought against your entire family to stop the Apocalypse just because we asked you to. If you can put that much trust in me, you've gotta know that I can do the same for you, right?"

Castiel turned to face him, then, nodding and smiling ever so slightly at the hunter he had fallen head over heels for.

"I know. And I'm sorry for walking out before you could say as much. But you need to understand, I would never do anything to get you hurt. My only intention is to help you, Dean, and I promise if you'll let me, I think I can actually make it enjoyable for you."

Dean sighed shakily, running his hand over his mouth and chin in a classic display of nervousness, and then nodded, looking into Cas's eyes so the angel could see the sincerity when he spoke.

"Okay, Cas. Okay. But we'll do it when I'm ready, alright? I'll let you know when. Just… I have to be able to decide this on my own."

Castiel gave him a genuine smile this time, pulling the hunter into a hug and giving him a gentle kiss. "Of course."

Dean seriously couldn't believe he was about to do this.

As a hunter, he'd done plenty of crazy crap in his life – and a lot of it had been done willingly –but jumping off the edge of a cliff with only an angel in a vessel to