beside the bed. “Where do I start?”, you asked. Cas raised his left wing, gesturing to the tip. “The back!” You nodded, moving so you were behind his wings. You wetted two of the wash cloths, handing one to Cas so he could clean the front whilst you cleaned the back. Hesitantly, you reached up. The feathers looked soft like silk, reflection the light beautifully. Your heart was beating fast. “I believe they’re sensitive?”, you asked, voice high and timid. Castiel gulped, nodding. “Very much so” You raised the wash cloth to his wing. “T-tell me if I hurt you” Cas nodded again. You gently held his wing, to which Cas shuddered violently, a choked gasp ripping itself from his throat. “S-sorry!”, you squealed, face red. But you didn’t stop. You continued cleaning Cas’ wing carefully. He let out the most sexual sounds. Groans, moans, gasps, growls. Even though you knew it was inappropriate, desire churned in your belly. Your hands were shaking when you finished the first half of his wing, but so was he. Cas looked like a leaf in the wind.

You decided to take a break. Cas sat there strained, tense, waiting for your next move. He looked over his shoulder at you, pupils blown, and biting his lip. Your insides clenched at the sight. “Wh-why did you stop?”, he gasped, voice husky. “I think we should take a break. I’m still afraid of hurting you” Cas shook his head, turning his body into your direction. You saw the bulge in his pants and gulped. “You’re not hurting me…” Cas looked away, face slightly flushed. “I… liked it. A lot. Please… continue” Oh, fuck. Did he really just say that? Holy fuck, that was hot. Quickly and with a read face you resumed your work on his wings. The closer you got to where his wings connected with his back, the louder he got. Now, the subtle heat in your lower regions was a burning wildfire.

“Don’t stop, please!”, Cas gasped as you pulled away from the wing. You had finished one wing, the other was still covered in the powder. At least, the backside was. Cas had been way faster than you. You moved so you were behind the other wing, and with every little movement, you felt just how wet you were. “Fuck”, you breathed. Cas didn’t hear you, though. He was way too lost in begging for your touch. That alone would be masturbation material for years. You stayed careful in your cleaning, always staying the same pace and keeping the same pressure, no matter how much Cas moved and moaned.

When you were halfway done, Cas was straight up sobbing from over stimulation, and while you felt sorry, you felt proud. You made Cas unravel like that. Nobody else did that, just you. The circumstances were a bit questionable, but still. He was coming undone by your hands, and it felt great.

Finally, you were finished with his wings. “I’m done”, you breathed. “Your wings are clean” Cas turned to you, a feral look on his face. He growled, pouncing onto you. His lips collided with yours, and you found yourself moaning approvingly. Your clothes were ripped from your body. “Need… need you… please, may I?” You groaned, nodding. A growl ripped itself from his throat as he sunk into you. You arched your back, hands flying to hold onto his back. Cas started thrusting immediately. In the pleasured haze of your mind, you raked your nails down his back, accidentally scratching his wing. Cas groaned out, stopping and shuddering at the same time. “Fuck, Cas! I’m sorry, did I hurt you?” Cas buried his face in your neck. “Do that again”, he commanded, and you felt a wave of arousal by his tone. You positioned your hands a little farther from his back and raked your nails down. Cas moaned loudly, sinking his teeth into your neck. Your hands clenched at the pain mixed with pleasure, so you were tugging on the feather. “Fuck!”, Cas cursed.

Cas started thrusting with renewed vigour, pulling out almost all the way before slamming back in. You were close, so close, you only needed a little more. “Oh god! Yes!” Cas suddenly stopped. You looked to his face. Holy shit, he looked pissed. “Don’t you dare moan my fathers name!”, he growled. “Sorry! Cas, fuck, I’m sorry just please-” You bucked your hips “-move”

Cas’ hand was suddenly between your legs, pinching and rubbing on your clit. You choked out a moan, hands gripping his feathers more tightly. “Cas, please! Move!” Your hands were forced over your head. “No