"and Dean, what do you do?"

Dean wiped Sam's face, "I'm a doctor at the local hospital."

Everyone stopped eating at that, looking at Dean. Dean looked away from Sam and to his family, "what?"

Bobby cleared his throat, "Dean you're like what? 26? How'd you finish medical school so quickly?"

Dean laughed, "I took a lot of classes at a time and managed to finish college more quickly. I'm one of the best doctors in my hospital actually."

Ellen reached across and grabbed Deans hand, squeezing it, "your parents would be so proud of you."

Dean sucked in a sharp breath, giving a small smile at Ellen.

It was silent for a moment and Dean stood up, "Dessert?"

Dean walked away to the kitchen.

Ellen looked sadly after him, she turned to Cas.

Cas gave a small smile, "He has a hard time talking about his parents. He blames himself. Excuse me."

Cas got up and went to the kitchen, Dean was there pacing and rubbing his eyes.

Cas walked up to him and stopped him, taking his hands from his eyes, Deans eyes were red with tears collected in them.

"Oh Omega..." Cas brought Dean into a hug, where he promptly sobbed.

Cas tried to make out Dean's words, "d-do you t-think mmy p-parents are proud 'f me?"

Cas pulled Dean back, cupping his face, "I know your parents are proud of you. You are so amazing. You are a great doctor, a great brother, a great mate, a great father; how could they not be proud of you? I'm so proud of you. You went through so much and came out on top. You built a life with me. You're raising your little brother, while having your own pup. That's a lot to handle and you are doing flawless with it. I'm so proud to be able to call you my mate Dean."

Cas had clutched Dean to his person again and was rocking them, he could feel Dean calming with every word he spoke until there were just sniffles from him. Cas kissed his head, "how about I go back in the dining room, you collect yourself, get dessert and come back when you're ready?"

Dean looked up, quickly but deeply, pecking his lips, "god I fucking love you."

Cas chuckled, "as I you."

They unraveled and Cas walked back in the dining room, taking his spot.

A few minutes later, Dean walked out. Though, he looked better, it was not lost on anyone that Dean had been, just moments before, crying.

Dean sat the pie on the table, smiling slightly.

"Dean-"

"It's okay Ellen," Dean looked at her, "maybe they are proud of me."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dean was happy for the couple minutes he had to himself when he had to go put Riley down and Sam to bed. He was able to collect himself some more.

He hated left over pregnancy hormones.

Sam curled into his stuffed animal and Dean smiled, tucking him in. Harley was laying down at the end of his bed.

He kissed Sam's forehead, "night Sammy."

Dean shut the light and cracked the door, walking back to the living room.

He heard laughing and he smiled, glad that Cas was getting along with his adopted family.

Dean walked in and saw Cas laughing, turning to him when he noticed Dean in the doorway. Cas smiled, motioning him over.

Dean walked over and sat next to Cas, intertwining their fingers.

Ellen smiled softly at them.

"Deano! We should have found you earlier. Cas is hilarious."

Dean grinned, "well Ash, we'll just need to keep in touch for now on."

Ash grinned, "Oh hell ya."

Bobby butted in, "Boy, you ain't running from us again. You're stuck with us."

Dean grinned widely.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cas had gotten up to go get a water bottle from the fridge.

He smelt her behind him before he heard her.

"Jo, am I right?"

He heard her shuffle behind him, he straightened and turned around.

Jo nodded, "ya... I just-"

Cas tilted his head, confused, "is there something you needed?"

Jo was looking anywhere but at Cas.

"I-I just wanted to say I'm sorry."

Cas's eyebrows furrowed, "for what?"

Jo glanced at him and then to her feet, "I didn't- I didn't know he was mated- if I did I wouldn't have thrown myself at him! I-I'm sorry."

Cas crossed his arms, leaning on the counter, "it is... okay. Though, I was extremely displeased with you doing that, I understand. You hadn't seen him in awhile and you did not know he was mated, you had a past together.