leave you alone until you say bring it on.”

Jess paused as she pulled some underwear out, looking thoughtfully at Sam.  “Can I?” she asked.

Sam wrinkled his brow.  “Can you what?”  He tossed a black tank top onto the bed, followed by Jess’s favorite blue button-down shirt.

“Can I say bring it on?”  Jess gathered what she’d picked up, carrying it to set with the shirts.  “I’m not saying I want to, necessarily; I barely know him.  But…”

Sam came over to her, gripping her waist and looking at her.  “Hey.  I thought that was implied when you gave your blessing to me.  It’s only fair.”

There was a cough at the door.  “What’s only fair?” Dean asked, going to the bed and setting down the empty duffle bag he’d retrieved from the Impala.

“Sam was telling me what an awesome guy you were,” Jess said with a smile as she slipped out of Sam’s hold to retrieve some jeans.  “How despite the horndog routine, you’re actually respectful of women and their right to choose what they want to do.”

“Well, yeah,” Dean said.  “I don’t want to be with a woman who doesn’t want to be with me.  I’d feel like one of the monsters we hunt.”

“Mmmm,” Jess said, keeping one eye on Sam as she found her hiking boots and her sturdiest sneakers.  “Hot.”  As expected, Sam looked a bit discomfited, but not angry or jealous.

Dean looked at Sam.  “Dude, your girlfriend is flirting with me.  Make her stop.”

Sam just shrugged as he brought a few more shirts over to the duffle bag.  “Do it yourself, if you’re so bothered by a hot girl flirting with you.  Hey, Jess… remember to get shoes to go with the suit.”

“Oh, thanks,” Jess said, pulling out her interview shoes.  After a moment’s thought, she grabbed a pair of red high heels too, and snagged a knee-length red skirt from the hanger.  She grinned at the look on the boys’ faces.  “Don’t tell me you don’t think it could be useful for me to get dolled up and flirt information out of guys.  If we’re fighting, I’ve got bigger things to worry about than flashing underwear if I’m wearing the skirt, and it is really easy to care for.”  She looked through the shirts Sam had picked, checking for any major holes in the wardrobe.  “Think I’m good here.”

“Have to say, she’s got good instinct for this,” Dean said.  “Except for the flirting with me.”

“Don’t tell me you’re actually bothered by that,” Sam said with a grin.  “You’re the one who practically hit on her the second I introduced her as my girlfriend.”

Jess started digging through her jewelry box.  “Sam, can you get my toothbrush and stuff?”  Sam went into the bathroom, and Jess turned to look at Dean.  “Clothes and hygiene.  I don’t own any weapons, not yet anyway.  What else do I need?”

“Uh… that’s about all I have, aside from some sentimental stuff like this amulet,” Dean said, reaching up to touch the gold charm around his neck as he thought.  “Pictures of your family or whatever.  Just be careful not to make your bag heavier than you can carry.  You’ve still got some room if you want more clothes.”

Jess blinked.  “I almost forgot!”  She retrieved the Smurfs shirt Dean had first seen her in.  “Gotta have the Smurfs.”

“Jess…”

Jess smiled.  “Sam said it was okay.  I’m trusting you not to push it any further than I’m willing to go at any given time.  Or at least, I’m trusting that Sam and I can take you down if you do.”

“Touch her without her permission, and I will fucking end you,” Sam said as he came back in with the hygiene kit.  “Her permission’s all you need.”

“Huh.”  Dean looked a little surprised.  “Wasn’t expecting that from you, Sammy.”

“Hey, I have a protective streak,” Sam said, turning it into a joke.  “I learned it from my big brother, who always kept me safe.”

Dean cleared his throat, obviously embarrassed.  “Can you think of anything else Jess will need, Sam?  We’ll have to get her set up with IDs and a couple cell phones, a credit card or two, but anything else she needs from here?”

Sam closed his eyes, running through everything he and Jess owned or otherwise possessed.  “Bring your laptop.  Other than that… not unless you’ve got some weapons you’ve been holding out from me.  Mine are already packed.”  He opened his eyes and looked at Jess.  “You