and blinked blearily, eyes still not completely adjusted to the darkness, and then snatched up the accursed thing from the table, almost dropping it on the floor before he could get a good look at the screen: one missed call from Sam. He peered over his shoulder at the clock on Castiel's side of the bed, noticing it was only one a.m. Hawaii time – seven in the morning in Hershey, Pennsylvania.

"What the hell? Why's he callin' this early?"

"Dean? Is something wrong?" Cas mumbled with his back to the hunter, obviously still half asleep since his eyes weren't even open.

"Dunno. I'll find out. Go back to sleep."

"Mmmhmm."

Dean hurriedly stepped out of the room and closed the door right as the phone started buzzing a second time, hitting the green "Accept Call" button before it could stop again.

"Sammy? Whas'a'matter?" he mumbled into the mouthpiece – or at least where he hoped the mouthpiece was; who the hell knew for sure at this hour?

"Sam can't come to the phone right now," Gabriel answered instead.

"Gabriel? What's wrong?" Dean asked, instantly awake now that his big brother senses were putting out a red alert. "Why can't Sam talk to me?" He'd honestly been planning to call the two of them later that day anyway, just to see how their trip was going. But if Gabriel was calling when both he and Sam were well aware that they were six hours ahead of Honolulu, something had to be seriously wrong.

"Actually, that's kinda what I was calling about. Sam's, uh, kinda busy with a little –"

"Guuuh-Ehaaack! Huhhh-urk! Mnnhh… Urgh, God…"

Dean heard Gabriel chuckle on the other end. "Morning sickness."

"Screw… you… Gabe," Sam snarled from what must have been the bathroom.

"What?" Gabriel asked, his response clearly meant for Sam. "It's morning, and you're sick. What part of that is inaccurate?"

"A-HEM!" Dean said loudly when it was clear Sam was once again too busy retching to come up with a good response. "You mind telling me why my brother's puking like a pregnant chick? Isn't the idea to, you know, not let him catch something when you're on vacation?"

"Yeah, funny story…"

"Do tell."

"Right, so, Sam and I bought this huge five-pound chocolate bar yesterday…"

"Uh-huh," Dean said, waiting for the part where this got bad.

"And I challenged him to see which of us could eat the biggest part of it in one go. We both started at opposite ends, and whoever ate past the middle of the bar first won. The crazy thing is, Sam actually did it! He can eat chocolate even faster than a Trickster! Can you believe it? But now he's paying for it pretty good, as you can hear."

"Aww, Sammy…" Dean muttered, pinching the bridge of his nose and shaking his head. "Can't hold your liquor or your chocolate, huh?" He sighed, taking pity on his little brother who, from years of experience, Dean knew would be sick like this for the rest of the day. For being a giant of a man, Sam's body was a lot more delicate on the inside than it would seem.

"I called 'cause I don't know what to do here, Deano," Gabriel said softly when Sam gagged and moaned pitifully in the background. "He's really not feeling good, but I can't heal this with my grace since it isn't caused by a virus. I've tried having him drink water, that Pepto stuff – I even went out and bought some Dramamine. Everything I've tried giving him just comes back up five minutes later."

"Ginger ale," Dean immediately answered. "That's all that helps when he's nauseous. Let him sip on that once he stops hurling for a minute and just let it run its course. Any other drinks or meds will only make it worse. Once he manages to keep that down for at least an hour make him eat a few saltines. He should be back to normal by tomorrow, once all the junk works out of his system."

"Wow," Gabriel said slowly. "Sounds like you've been through this a time or two."

"We've lived in the same room with each other for most of the last three decades, Gabe."

"Ah. Right."

"Yeah. So just do what I told you, and he should be fine. Make sure to hold his hair or tie it back or something too, if you haven't already. Trust me, once he gets too tired to do it himself anymore, you won't wanna see what happens."

"Gotcha." Gabriel