door and then shakes his head.

***

With Dean gone, Castiel can take the time to eat something. Or drink, more accurately.

He can’t say he likes it. He’s never liked it. He never wanted to like it. It is simply something that needs to be done.

Sometimes he can eat (feed) and not think of it at all. Like a mindless employee eating at his desk while working. Sustenance goes in, but it’s not noticed or remarked on by the brain. It’s just a means to an end, a way to fuel the body so that more work can be done. Castiel prefers those types of meals (feedings) and he can usually have them if he sticks to a regular schedule and doesn’t wait until he is too hungry (ravenous) to eat (feed).

Other times he feels like an animal. It bothers him that his salivary glands flood when he smells blood, making his mouth water, and sometimes he gets a sharp pang under his tongue, reminiscent of when he used to smell vinegar as a mortal. It bothers him when he is so hungry that as soon as the first red drop touches his tongue he wants to moan in relief and satisfaction. It bothers him that sometimes after he’s had what he’s portioned out to himself he thinks about drinking more. Licking the wound if he was feeding from a human.

Now with Charles’ idea of the blood bank, he doesn’t have to feed from mortals anymore. His mind, his conscience, prefers the sterile plastic bags with their bar codes and labels, and the cold, packaged blood with its slightly processed taste, even if his hunger does not appreciate the idea of dinner presented like slop at trough.

Sometimes he thinks of his hunger, his otherness, his vampirism, like a separate being. There is himself, as he was, mortal, and then there is the beast superimposed on top. Locked in his tomb for years he slept off and on, time rolling by in the background unable to be counted or marked. He had ample time to think on his nature. Sometimes he was convinced he was two separate creatures. And other times he was just as convinced that the beast had always been a part of him, sleeping, waiting, until Ruby’s dark magic woke the slumbering giant. And still other times he feels as though the creature has merged so completely with his soul that he does not know where he ends and it begins.

If either ends or begins.

He’s been a monster for longer than he was ever human.

The thought weighs on him.

He wonders, he hopes, that it is like being an immigrant. Though he’s been in his new homeland for longer than his birthplace, he will always consider his birthplace home.

He does not like to consider the alternative.

Sarah’s message, delivered through Ben, is on his mind. He had always considered his deal, his bargain, with Ruby to be a deal with the devil. Not that he believed Ruby was anything more than a witch, and a mad one at that. But he thought, more often than not, that something had been channelled through her. Something had made her fixate on him and in turn enabled the deal to be made and in that deal, secured his soul.

But now Sarah’s message. 

No one can claim to have made a deal with the devil.

Does that mean there is hope for him yet? He wants to believe in that.

 Do not fear the past. Those who own it do not repeat it.

What does it mean? To own his past? Does it mean not to fear the beast? Not to fear the hunger?

Does it mean he must tell Dean what he is?

The idea makes him ill. They’ve just started. They’ve just begun again what was ended years before. And although, in the past, Dean did not flinch when he found out the truth, he was dying. In pain and on opiates how much did he comprehend of what Castiel showed him?

How much of the monster did he understand?

How much of the monster could he understand?

How much would he want to understand?

Part of him doesn’t want to tell Dean simply because when they are together, he can almost forget about the animal he has become. The night before with Dean, dinner and then after… he didn’t feel like a savage. He didn’t feel unnatural or horrific.

He felt… happy.

So happy.

It’s like his brain simply could not hold all the happiness that being with Dean made him feel, and so he had not remembered what it was like. And having that feeling back again last night…

It scares him to think what he would do to hold onto it. Or what he wouldn’t do to hold onto it.

But he doesn’t know how to keep a secret like this from Dean. If they continue on, if they fit back into what they were, how can he