rough palm awkwardly on your face.

"We can have a real life together.  I love you like no one else ever will. I would die for either of you and no one else could give you that but me." He said his blood shot eyes turning a weird shade darker the longer he touched you. You lean back again falling to the bed behind you. Dean looked down at you peering into your tank to see your bra-less breast.

"Dean your drunk please just go to sleep." You beg as he looked down at you on his bed. 

"Why so you can leave me before I get up like Dad does?" He growls suddenly grabbing your arms to pull you up to throw you further onto his bed. 

"No Dean I told you I'm not going to leave." You angrily say trying to get off the bed while Dean climbed on caging you into his mattress.

"No matter what?" He asked leaning down close to your face the smell of whiskey making you want to gag. He kissed firmly before you could answer him. His knees already pushing your legs apart with out your knowledge your mind focused on your brothers scruffy face pressing against yours. You tired to push him away as his lips parted your own allowing his alcohol soaked tongue in to your mouth. His hands grabbed on to your hips pulling it up to meet his. He pulled away from the kiss his lips trailing down your jaw letting you scream.

"Dean stop!" You yell beating against his shoulders and cheats as hard as you could. Until you felt his hand slip passed the elastic waist band of your pajama bottoms. 

"Stop I've never been touched there!" You scream in fright trying to crawl out from under his massive body. He pushed his hand further pasting your lips before sinking two fingers inside of your virgin walls.

"Ahh st-stop! Dean please!" You beg as he sucks on your neck with soft wet lips. He moans spreading his finger lightly to stretch you out. He leaned back as you scream for him to stop touching you this inappropriate way.

"No one will love you like I do." You hear him say against your neck before he pulls out of you to start pulling down your pajama bottoms. You tried hitting him again feeling his firm shoulders tense the harder you smacked him. He pulled your pants down passed your butt. 

You hit him in the face making him growl in irritation. He grabbed your left hand pinning it above your head with his own. His face was inches away from yours his lust filled drunken eyes staring at you.

"Don't make me hurt you ____." Dean threatened the whiskey on his breath making you want to puke now. 

"Your already hurting me! I won't leave I promise just let me go." You plea pushing against his chest softly but with urgency. 

"I'm gonna make you happy. That's what you do when you love someone." Dean said using his left arm for support as he pulled down his jeans quickly. Letting his large hard penis hit your bare hips. 

"Please stop your drunk!" You yell attempting to reason with your intoxicated brother. He grabbed your waist band again pull it down to your knees before pulling your legs around his hips. He leaned down rubbing his head against your barley wet slit.

"I love you." He says before shoving his head a few inches inside of you. He couldn't fit from the lack of lube making you scream louder than ever before. He pulled out just to go back inside slowly pumping himself deeper with your slow trickle of juices. 

"Just relax ____." He moaned going faster as your body started to lube itself.

"It hurts!" You scream trying desprestly to push him off you. He just pushed deeper insiiee hitting your cervix with sharp thrusts.

"You feel so tight." He moaned ignoring your cries of pain. His free hand snaked under your tank top allowing him to see your breast bouncing before he sqeezed your breast roughly.

"Please stop Dean!" You beg yet again trying to pull your legs free from your pajama bottoms so you could put your legs down into normal position. 

"I love you ____." He grunted in response his lips going back of your mouth to silence your cries. He pumps into you at a deeper angle making your whole body tense in pain. Your cervix getting pounded with every thrust. He started to kiss you harder despret to keep his body molded against yours. He pulled away slightly enough to moan audibly against your lips.

"So close." He whispered while the scruff on his face scratched your cheek and chin. 

"Stop." You say back your left hand completely numb now from most of his body weight on your wrist. He moved back to your neck licking the small pink marks he had left moments ago. He pumped faster his body starting to tense in between your legs. 

"Oh ____." Dean gasps going hard into your inflamed cervix. You cried out in agony as his dick seemed to engorge while pulsing inside of you. Then he grunted loudly the whiskey smell makin tears run