around with a smile, says, "Good morning", kisses him chastely and pushes a mug of sweet, milky coffee into his hands.

"Have a seat. I’m making pancakes."

Dean’s either confused or this is a weird dream because this is not what he expected. He looks down at the swirls in his cup and takes a seat on one of the stools at the kitchen island.

He’s sure that Castiel notes that he hasn’t spoken yet.

"Um…" he starts, because they should talk about yesterday, right?

"Here you go." Castiel interrupts and places a plate piled with pancakes in front of him. Cas sits opposite him and pours honey over his own pile.

Dean watches him. He doesn’t seem affected. It’s like yesterday didn’t even happen. There’s no difference in his behavior.

"Cas, are we gonna talk about yesterday?" he blurts out, and for a second it’s like the world stops spinning. Castiel’s utensils scrape noisily against the plate and his smile falters.

"Depends." He looks up at Dean. His gaze is open and earnest. "Would you like to talk about it?"

Dean is silent and that’s enough of an answer for Cas.

"Exactly." Then, he smiles but it doesn’t look right. "You tell me when you’re ready… or not. It’s entirely up to you."

Dean nods and takes a gulp from his blistering coffee. It burns it's way down his throat.

Castiel goes to work.

So does Dean, a few hours later.

They don't see each other at the club.

 

-X-x-X-


 


"I'm gonna tell him."

"It's your decision."

"Yeah? Then why doesn't it feel like that?" Dean asks his brother over the phone. Bobby's given him a break and he wants to hear what Sam has to say.

"Look, Dean, it's your life, it's your past. You did what you had to do for us to survive and I'm always gonna be grateful for that. Cas is right. This is your decision."

"I just- I feel like I owe him, you know? I wanna tell him, but what if..." He falters, rubs a hand across his forehead. "What if this is a deal breaker for him? To find out that I had to- to practically sell myself to live? What if he never wants to touch me again? What if he thinks I'm- I'm dirty?" Dean's voice breaks.

Sam sighs. "Dean, Cas isn't like that and you know it. He wouldn't do that. Besides, you won't know until you talk to him. Find out what's going on inside his head."

"He hasn't kissed me in three days." Dean kicks a small rock and it clatters under the car he's standing beside in Bobby's junkyard.

"Because he's giving you space. Jesus, do I have to run your relationship for you?"

"Shut up." Dean retorts.

"Great comeback. Just talk to him, Dean." Someone calls Sam's name in the background. "Look, I gotta go, court's back in session. Promise me you'll talk to him?"

Dean groans petulantly.

"Dean."

"Fine."

Satisfied, Sam hangs up.

Dean goes back to work reluctantly. He tries to build up the courage to talk to Cas tonight because they're both off work.


 


-X-x-X-

 

Cas is watching a documentary on bees when Dean gets home at 6:37pm - he glances at the kitchen clock.

"Hey."

"Hey." Dean replies.

"How was work?"

"Same as usual. We got a new client, wants me to restore a '66 Camaro."

Castiel notes the new information with a nod.

They lapse into silence for a while before Dean speaks.

"Cas, can we um... talk?"

"Of course." He mutes the television, turns to face Dean and pats the empty space on the couch next to him.

Dean takes the offered seat.

"So, um-" he clears his throat. "I've been thinking about what you said and I wanna tell you."

Castiel nods. "Okay." He pulls one leg up onto the couch to face Dean fully, with one arm resting along its back. His posture is open and he looks fully engaged.  Dean, on the other hand, tucks his hands between his legs and hunches over slightly, an automatic self-protective position.

"I couldn't tell you about the job because we've been so busy lately but I'll completely understand if you wanna break up with me and-"

"Why would I want to break up with you?"

Dean looks at him in confusion. "B-because of the whole-" he gestures with