I meant more in the sense of...what you do outside of school--you know, for fun! Ball games? Bible Study? Color Me Mine? Strip Clubs?" Dean pressed, stifling his own laughter when Castiel's face turned a deep shade of red at his last example. Fortunately, most of the class was too busy laughing from the example itself to pay much attention to their instructor's obvious embarrassment.

Castiel was quick to recover, playing it off by chuckling lowly along with the rest of his class and crossing his arms over his chest casually while leaning back against his desk. His posture said 'I'm fine' but his eyes said, 'I am going to fucking choke you.' 

"For fun, huh?" He paused thoughtfully and tapped his fingers of his opposing hand against his elbow. "I like Color Me Mine as much as the next guy but as far as what I like...beer tasting at some of the local breweries, blues shows at Portfolios, reading, writing, boring stuff," Cas concluded, signifying that he was done answering questions by straightening himself up and clapping his hands together once. 

With that, he dismissed the class as a whole and seated himself at his desk. He watched as they all stood almost in unison, shoveling their textbooks and notebooks into their backpacks and talking among themselves while filing towards the door at the top of the stairs. 

"Mr. Winchester," he called, not looking up from what he was scribbling down but beckoning the student with two fingers nonetheless. 

He knew if he didn't nip this in the bud now, things would get out of control. He needed to be the bigger man, acknowledge what happened, and make sure they had a professional understanding. At least, that was how it was supposed to play out. 

Cas waited until the door shut behind the last student before lifting his eyes from his planner and focusing his attention on the green-eyed troublemaker smiling down at him. 

"Hey there, Cassie," Dean breathed, his expression bursting with pride and playfulness. 

Castiel shut his mouth promptly at the nickname and eyed the younger man with a threatening stare. "That's exactly what I wanted to talk to you about," Cas sighed, pushing away from the desk and standing. "Obviously, I had no idea you were a student here, much less a student enrolled in my class," he started, maintaining eye contact to further display his concern.

"What happened last night was extremely inappropriate considering the circumstances. If you don't feel comfortable, I would be more than willing to assist you in transferring into another HRM course with a different instructor," Castiel offered. 

Dean humored Castiel while he delivered his spiel, preserving a neutral appearance throughout--lips pursed and eyes unyielding. "Do I look uncomfortable?" Dean practically snorted when he was finished, adjusting the strap of the backpack hanging off of one of his shoulders. 

"Well, if you choose to stay in my class, I need to make it clear, now--I am not going to provide you with any special treatment or--" 

"Hey, I didn't ask for a handout," Dean interrupted, eyes squinting and voice lowering defensively. 

Castiel paused, realizing he had not chosen his words as carefully as he'd hoped. Sighing, he slid a hand through his messy, brown hair and reevaluated his approach. "You're right. I apologize. This is just..." he trailed off, unsure of how to phrase the situation they were in.

"...hot?" Dean suggested, wearing that damn smirk again. He was quick to forgive, especially after watching Castiel struggling and trying to make things right; he knew the instructor was only trying to accommodate. 

"Not exactly the word I would've used," Cas replied, pinching the bridge of his nose and shielding his smile from Dean's overbearing gaze. 

"You're overthinking things," Dean let out, the tone of his voice shifting to something more sympathetic and sultry. "I'm an adult. You're an adult," he continued, sneakers squeaking against the tile as he rounded the desk and peered up at his professor, "if I say I can balance my studies with my job, without any exclusive aid or repercussions on your part, I don't see why we can't enjoy ourselves."

Castiel trailed the youth cautiously, licking his lips when Dean had him cornered against the desk. His eyes flickered from those pink lips as he spoke, only returning to his eyes when they were separated by mere inches. As if Dean sensed his integrity beginning to dither, he mitigated the space between them further and let their lips brush together.

"Last night was refreshing. I'd make it worth your while if you came to see me again," Dean whispered persuasively. 

Castiel breathed deep, the distinct aroma of Spearmint filling his nostrils, and gulped heavily while continuing to watch Dean through hooded eyes. Every fiber in his being told him to stop--to cut this out and cut him off--but he couldn't bring himself to reject