be in Heaven right now and probably don’t want to come to Earth and deal with our
Leviathan problem,” Sam said.

Cas looked between the two.  “I’m an angel?  Is that… what does that mean?”

“it means that you come from Heaven and have powers beyond human.  Like healing.  You’re strong, fast, you can go wherever you want with just a thought, demon-smiting…” Sam said.

“Also means your kind is a bunch of dicks with wings,” Dean added.  “You were the one angel we thought was different, and then you stabbed us in the back.”

There it was again.  “What did I do?”

“Probably best to let you remember on your own,” Sam said.

“Although if you wanna give a try at fixing Sam’s head, that’s probably a good idea,” Dean added.

Castiel was determined to do whatever he could to repay Sam for his kindness.  “What’s wrong with your head?”

“Okay, um, it’s a long story but the relevant parts: my soul was in the worst part of Hell for a year and a half – two centuries, or close enough, from my perspective.  When my soul was put back in my body, it was feared that it could kill me or drive me insane, so Death built a wall in my head separating the Hell memories from safe memories.  The wall broke –”

“You broke it,” Dean supplied.

Sam glared at Dean.  “You promised to fix it after you’d done what you were going to do.”

“And then didn’t,” Dean added.

“I’m sorry,” Castiel said, horrified by the revelations.  “Sam, I cannot imagine why I thought the risk of your insanity or death was acceptable.  I’m not certain I know how to fix your wall, but with your permission, I will try.”  Sam nodded, and Castiel reached out a hand toward Sam’s forehead.

As soon as he entered Sam’s mind, memories began to flood back.  Their first meeting – Castiel was ashamed of himself for the way he had behaved.  Hung over and calling Sam an abomination.  Sam awkwardly ducking a hug.  There was the memory Cas needed – breaking the wall.  He looked for pieces as the memories continued their flood.  The confrontation with them when they realized what he was doing.  Raising Sam from Hell.  Raising Dean from Hell.  Freeing Sam from his captivity in the panic room.  But then, later, standing vigil outside listening to Sam’s screams.  Telling Anna he would kill her for threatening Sam.  Telling Lucifer he was not taking Sam.  Memories of Dean, of Heaven, of everything.

Cas drew back, withdrawing to a corner of the back seat, as far away from Sam or Dean as he could get.  He understood Dean’s reaction to him now.  Sam… Sam puzzled him.  “Sam, I… sorry doesn’t even begin to cover it.”

“Sam’s wall?” Dean asked.

Cas shook his head.  “I broke it and put the pieces in places I could find them.  They’re gone.  I could have rebuilt the wall from the pieces, but without them, I can’t build a new one.  You should have left me at the river.”  He caught Dean’s look.  “I remember you.  I remember everything.”

Sam looked a little disappointed, but not surprised.  “Thanks for trying, Cas.  I’m glad you got your memories back, at least.”

“So what now?”  Dean was not disappointed.  Dean was furious.  “Sam just has to hope he doesn’t go crazy?  Because that is so not good enough.”

“Dean, he can’t fix something that’s not there to fix,” Sam argued.

Guilt gnawed at Cas.  He couldn’t take Sam’s compassion, not after everything.  “Please don’t defend me, Sam.  Dean is correct.  If anyone can survive this it’s you, but I promised to save you and I can’t.  Nothing I can do can make up for what I have done to you.  Not just your wall, that’s not even the worst thing I’ve done.”

“You lied to us even when we had that showdown?” Dean growled.

“No.  I did not raise Sam wrong on purpose, but I did do it.”  That it was accidental was the only saving grace he could find.  “And then hesitated to fix my mistake once we discovered it.  There’s no excuse for that and I cannot imagine how to begin to make it up to you.”

“Well, for starters, you can accept my forgiveness,” Sam said.

“Seriously, Sam?  Four years he’s been a dick to you, and it’s just forgiven, just like that?” Dean said.

“Yeah, I know, I can’t imagine what it would take for you or Cas to do something to push me to