, I'm fine. Okay?" He attempted a reassuring smile, although to Dean it looked more like a pained grimace, and the older Winchester rolled his eyes and sighed.

"Yeah. Okay."

They lasted about another twenty minutes before pulling over for Sam to throw up all the water he'd just drunk. Neither of them got out of the car this time; Dean just hung on to Sam so he wouldn't fall onto his face when he leaned his head out the door and hurled onto the side of the road. By the time he finished retching he was exhausted, paler than before, and clearly in at least a little bit of pain. He shook his head and swallowed hard when Dean offered him water again, and the older Winchester decided enough was enough.

"Alright, Sam. You're sick – too sick to hunt," he added when it looked like Sam might protest. "We're gonna find a motel and then you can sleep it off. End of discussion."

Sam sighed wearily, but he looked almost grateful, and Dean felt a lot better as he turned the car around and started driving back the way they'd come. He was pretty sure he'd seen a motel a few miles back, and it hadn't looked half bad. Whatever Sam was coming down with, he deserved a little better than a roach motel for the time being. Or at least he did if Dean had anything to say about it.

Sam stayed in the car while Dean hurried inside and got them a room, his head leaning against the cool glass of the window and his breathing slow and measured. He desperately willed his stomach to behave at least long enough to get inside; even if he knew Dean probably wouldn't murder him for hurling in the Impala, he didn't want to test that theory if he didn't have to. But his head was pounding, he was hot and shaky, and that to-go burger in the backseat was really starting to stink up the car like grease… He gulped, the nausea ratcheting up dramatically. Oh no, hurry up Dean…

As if in response to his plea, his brother rounded the corner an instant later, hurriedly unlocking the door to their room and propping it open. While Dean went to get their bags, Sam dashed inside and skidded into the bathroom, barely making it to his knees before he was retching so hard he expected to see his liver join the mix any second. There wasn't even anything substantial to throw up now, just watery spit and strings of neon bile that forced him to close his eyes so he wouldn't see them and get sick all over again. He could barely breathe between the spasms that seemed to radiate through his entire body instead of just his stomach, and he felt about as weak as a newborn kitten.

This was more than just his lunch not agreeing with him. No way he'd feel this worn out so quickly otherwise. And it might have been just his imagination, but he was feeling a little bit hot, too… Just when he thought he couldn't hold himself up anymore, Sam heard his big brother dropping their bags on the floor and making his way to the tiny bathroom. He had never been happier to hear those boots clomping against the tile in his life.

"Hey, hey, easy," Dean said gently when he saw Sam's arms suddenly give out beneath him. He hurriedly reached out and caught Sam around the waist, the other hand cupping his forehead to keep him from whacking his chin on the rim of the toilet. The sudden motion and the extra pressure on his abdomen sent Sam into another fit of dry heaves, and he immediately shifted so he was holding his brother by the shoulders and chest instead. "Just take it easy, Sammy," he said as he moved his other hand from Sam's forehead to his back. "You don't even have anything left to puke up."

"Guh… Ow…" Sam moaned between fruitless heaves, hands clenched over the trembling muscles of his belly. He could feel Dean's hand slowly rubbing circles on his back, trying to work out some of the knots of tension between his shoulder blades, and he sighed, coughing and spitting into the water. "This really… sucks…"

"I know, man." Dean hummed at the amount of heat radiating from Sam's skin but didn't comment on it. "You think you're good for now?"

"Yeah, I – gah!" He doubled over again, forehead resting on the filthy floor and back arching while he clamped white-knuckled hands over his stomach.

"Sam?!" Dean bent further down to try to see his brother's face. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing… just… cramp…" Sam gritted out, kneading his fingers into the muscles over and over as he slowly began convincing them to relax. "Surprised me… is all. Ah, God, hurts…"

"Breathe through it, Sammy," Dean said softly, still rubbing between