fast as he could and hide somewhere.

"'s gonna get us!" he wailed, before hiding his face in his older brother's shirt again and crying harder than ever.

"Aww, Sammy," Dean whispered, carding his fingers through his little brother's hair and trying desperately to think of a way to ease some of the terror he was feeling. "It's nothing that can hurt us, okay? It's just a little loud." It was useless trying to convince Sam of that, though. He'd already explained to his little brother time and time again that thunder was just noise, that it couldn't hurt him (and so had John, although not so patiently as Dean.) No amount of reassurance had helped; being in a thunderstorm scared Sam so badly that all sense of rationality completely fled him until it was over.

But as another flash of lightning illuminated the dark room, warping the dark shapes of the furniture into strange, twisting caricatures, an idea finally struck him and he grinned, coaxing Sam to loosen his stranglehold around him a little so he could move toward the edge of the bed.

"Just wait here Sammy, okay?" he reassured the younger boy when he started to get up to trail after his brother. "I'm only going to get some matches from the suitcase so we can see."

Sam obeyed, pulling the covers up close to his chin with a quiet whimper, and Dean smiled to himself as he made his way to his father's spare bag and shuffled through it in search of a matchbook and some small candles – always a necessity for any hunter to keep handy. Once he felt his hands wrap around the rough cardboard package and two of the short wax cylinders, he grinned, zipping up the bag and making his way back over to the table beside Sam's bed.

If this wasn't enough to distract Sammy from his fears, then nothing would be.

He set the two little candles in the ashtray on the table (finally, a good use for one of those things!) and struck a match, lighting the wicks quickly and then carefully blowing out the match and setting it down, hot end first, in the ashtray beside them. Immediately the two walls closest to them were cast in a soft, warm glow, the flames of the candles sputtering and dancing before they grew hot enough to burn steady.

"Dean? What are you doing?" Sam asked, tearful eyes peeking out just above the edge of the covers so he could stare in fascination at the tiny lights.

"I'm gonna show you something cool," Dean answered, sitting down on the bed beside Sam with his feet dangling to the floor. As Sam watched silently, Dean lifted up his hands in front of him, turning them around so that his palms faced toward his body, and then interlaced them at the thumbs, wrists touching together. On the far wall, the shadows cast in the candlelight took the shape of a bird, and Dean slowly bent his fingers forward and back to make it look like the wings were flapping.

"Wow!" Sam breathed, watching in awe as his brother made the bird twist and turn, giving short little whistles from his pursed lips so that it sounded like a bluebird's chirping. Dean smiled, separating his thumbs and curling them in toward his palms while his wrists parted slightly. It took Sam a moment to see what he was making, but when Dean started wiggling his fingers like eight little legs, he wrinkled his nose and stuck out his tongue.

"A spider, Dean? Yuck!"

"What?" Dean looked at the wall and frowned. "That's not a spider, it's a crab!"

"Nuh-uh. It looks like a spider," Sam countered, giggling as Dean moved his hands again to make the creature's body bigger and its legs shorter by comparison.

"There, are you happy now, Picasso?" he asked with a raised eyebrow and a crooked grin.

"Uh-huh," Sam answered, lifting his own hands up and furrowing his brow in concentration as he tried to copy Dean's hand position with his own. Once he had, he smiled triumphantly up at his brother, wiggling his fingers to make it look like the crab was walking.

Dean looked at the crooked little crab on the wall and gave the thumbs-up. "Good job, Sammy!"

Before Sam could respond, another clap of thunder shook the walls, and a fearful shiver ran from his head to his toes. Afraid he was going to lose Sam's attention again, Dean hurriedly rearranged his hands, putting his palms together and turning his hands toward the right as he bent his fingers to look like ears and a long, pointed nose. "Look, Sammy. You know what this is?"

Sam squinted at it a moment, his five-year-old brain working hard to make the shadowy shape line up with the few animal names he knew, and then his face lit up as he answered, "It's a puppy!"

"Woof