“Careful now Cas,” the concern in Dean’s voice could almost be real. “Don’t tire yourself out defending a memory.”

“Dean, we can fix this –” Sam starts, but Dean interrupts him.

“What is there to be fixed? I like the way I am now. That’s why I left.”

“That wasn’t you. The real Dean wouldn’t’ve left: he wouldn’t give in, and neither will I.”

Dean cocks his head. “I guess you’re right: the old me never left, that was more your thing wasn’t it?” He grins, scenting blood, as Sam stiffens. “Truth be told I’m surprised you came after me: every other time you’ve been more than happy to move on.”

“That’s not true –”

“Isn’t it?” Dean counts off on his fingers, “Stanford, Hell, Purgatory, something better always comes along. You let me get eaten alive for a year because you met some bitch and her dog. Hell, you chose death over staying with me. Not exactly a stellar track record. And here I am giving you my permission, no, my blessing, to move on with your life. I figured you’d jump at the opportunity to forget your baggage of a big brother but here you are.” He shrugs, “can’t blame me for being surprised.”


This is what they do. This is the demon talking not Dean. This is what they do 


But Dean could always read his thoughts on his face. “You can keep telling yourself that it isn’t me Sammy, but believe me; this is the most me I’ve ever been.” He’s walked to the very edge of the trap, close enough to touch. “I’m finally free. Free from all the angst, from all the pain, the guilt. Free from the crap Dad dumped on me: free from you. And now you can be free too. Free from me.”

“I don’t want –” Sam trails off, numb with shock or anger. Dean would never say these things, he knows that, but Dean’s clearly been thinking these things.

“Don’t you? Can you honestly say that when you saw Metatron push that blade into my heart that you weren’t even the tiniest bit relieved? No more secrets, no more lies. No more Mark of Cain and a brother that’ll explode any moment. You really want all that back?”  His grin drops away to reveal that all too familiar earnestness. “I don’t. Let me go Sammy,” his voice is almost pleading. “For both of us.” Sam just stares at him, eyes wide and searching for his brother.

“Sam don’t listen to him,” Cas speaks from beside him, though he keeps his eyes on Dean. “You know that’s not what your brother would want.”

Dean sighs, turning to the angel. “Cas, Cas, Cas,” coming from his lips it sounds more like a taunt than a name. “Y’know, unlike Sammy here, I ain’t too surprised that you tried to find me. I figured a note wouldn’t be enough to ditch you, but I also figured you’d die long before you got close.” It laughs at the look on his face. “What you thought I wouldn’t know? The whole of hell knows how low you’ve sunk. You used to be an angel remember?  Shit, you used to be God. And now you’re dying in a crappy motel with stolen grace burning its way through ol’ Jimmy there and it’s all because of me. And yet here you still are, chasing after a righteous man who’s already fallen.”

Cas, surprisingly, is calm. “Dean Winchester is a good man. I have made many mistakes in the course of my existence but helping him, helping you, has never been one of them.” He meets Dean’s eyes squarely, and something seems to flicker in them.

“Dean Winchester was a selfish alcoholic with daddy issues,” Dean’s voice is tinged with a new emotion. Regret? Pity? His face has softened too as he gazes at Cas. “You should think about yourself Cas. Find a way to get better. Look where trying to help me has gotten you. Look what it’s made you.”

“It has made me a better person. I know how it feels to be in your position Dean. Humanity is…confusing and it’s easier to seek the black and white clarity of angels and demons. It looks like freedom, but only humans can truly be free.” The kindness in Cas’ voice seems to throw Dean, and h shifts uncomfortably.

“Free to fuck it up.”

“Yes,” Cas agrees, “but also free to learn, to experience joy, wonder and love. It took me a long time, too long,