a much more scrawled writing, was added, “And this is Sam saying hi so you can see I didn’t fake the note.”

“Did you read it?” he asked the secretary.

She shook her head.  “I don’t know what Sam had to say to you, but he’s a good kid, not a bully.  I figured it was safe.”

“Oh.  Do you know anything about his handler?” Castiel asked.

Mrs. Atterly shook her head.  “I’ve met him, and he seems decent enough.  He certainly treats Sam well.  If anything, Sam’s been better since his birthday than he was before.  But I don’t really know Dean at all, so I don’t know what to tell you.”

“Hmm.  Thank you,” Castiel said as he set the note aside and returned to the essay he was supposed to be writing, thinking hard.

*AEP: alternative educational placement.  This is usually used for disciplinary purposes - kids whose behavior is either so egregious or so frequent that they need to be out of the regular classrooms for an extended period.  It's more serious than in-school suspension in that it's not on the same campus.  In Cas's case, it's punishing the victim, but he is still on the regular high school campus, just isolated.  The school took the easy way out, punishing the loner who didn't have anyone to protest instead of tackling the actual problem, the bullies on their campus.  Sadly, this is all too often true in real life, too.  "Boys will be boys" is a damaging mentality; "middle school girls are mean but they'll get over it" is just as bad.

(Sorry, as an educator and a bullied kid, I get a little soapboxy on this issue.)

Castiel comes over and gets to know the Winchesters a little better.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

“Think he’ll show?” Dean asked when Sam got home from school.

Sam shrugged.  “I hope so, but I don’t know.  From what it sounded like, he’s been kept isolated so long, I’m thinking he may show up just so people will talk to him.”

“That sucks,” Dean said.  “Everything about being a wolf sucks, seems like.”

Sam shrugged.  “It’s a crap hand to get dealt even if you get supportive family to take care of you… I mean, even me, one bad hunt where you and Dad both get taken out and I’m in Cas’s shoes.”

Dean snorted.  “No, you aren’t.  Not if you have the sense to get yourself to Bobby or Pastor Jim.  They’d never let you suffer.”

Sam was going to protest some more, but he was interrupted by a knock at the door.  He ran and threw it open, a huge smile lighting up his face.  “Castiel!  You came!”

“You invited me, repeatedly.  It seemed rude to continue to say no,” Castiel said.  “I’m sorry, I know it’s customary to bring a gift for the host, but…”

Dean waved a dismissive hand.  “Don’t worry about it, man, Sam and I aren’t exactly masters of manners ourselves.  Just glad you’re here.”

“I really do appreciate the invitations,” Cas said.  “It can be hard for a lone wolf.  There are a lot of people out there who are perfectly happy to take advantage of us, and I’ve had to learn to be careful in who I trust.”

Sam flinched.  “Ow.  Yeah, I can imagine.  Just like those assholes at school, no one does anything about a wolf getting mistreated unless their handler goes to bat for them.”

“That’s what convinced me to come, Mrs. Atterly thought Dean seemed to intend to treat you well.  Doesn’t guarantee he’d be good to a lone wolf, but it’s certainly more likely from someone who doesn’t even treat their own wolf well.”

Dean huffed.  “Yeah, not an asshole.  Seen enough people who kick someone when they’re down to decide I’m not gonna do that.”  He started heading toward the kitchen, but came back, a frown having taken over his face.  “Wait a minute, Sammy.  What assholes at school?  I need to go raise a fuss on your behalf?”

Sam laughed.  “No worse than it was when I was just a scrawny nerd who wouldn’t fight back so I didn’t have to try to explain why I could.  It's really not bad, I can handle it for the three weeks left between now and graduation.  Go keep dinner from burning.”

“I take it Dirk and his friends are still picking on wolves?” Castiel said as Dean headed off, grumbling under his breath about little brothers who are too sacrificing for anyone’s health.

“Wolves, nerds, people who