“Dammit, Cas, really?  You know how that word’s used down here, right?” Dean said, reaching across Sam to swat the angel’s arm.

“No,” Castiel said, puzzled.

Sam downed his beer.  “It’s used to mean people in love when the love’s gonna last forever.  Romantic love, not family.  Dean and I get enough of that from idiot motel workers and idiot fangirls on the internet, we don’t need our actual friends going there.”

“Oh, come on, it’s not like you two never play along,” Charlie said.  “And as one of those fangirls on the internet, hey!  And for your information, since the unpublished works came out, shipping you two got a lot less popular.”

Sam laughed.  “Well, yeah, we broke up when I raised Lucifer.”

“Nah, well, yeah, that, but the fangirls are now all over Destiel,” Charlie said.  “Ooh, you two are about to…”

They watched the fight, and Kevin raised an eyebrow.  “So you two have the big reunion with Dean laying on top of Sam, and you wonder why people think you’re fucking?”

“He’d just broken into my apartment and kicked my ass in five seconds,” Sam said.  “What, people think Dean would…”

“Have to say, I think they hired actors who think you’re fucking, look at the way you’re staring at each other,” Meg said.  “Could be the director, probably all three.  The actors don’t really look like you, though, although the wardrobe department did really good.”

Sam had just taken a swig of beer when Jess came on-screen, and it came back out.  “No way.”

“What?” Dean said, looking at Sam in concern.  “What’s wrong?”

“That’s Jenna Moore.  Real Jess’s actual little sister.  She was fifteen when this happened!”  Sam wondered if there was a way he could get in contact with her.  He’d long since lost any phones that had that contact information.

“Wow. Creepy,” Dean said.  “Wait, if she’s Jess’s sister, then she knows that at least some of this is real.  I mean, she knows Jess was real, and she had to know about you, right?”

“She knew that I was gone that weekend to help my brother look for Dad, and that I got back just in time to see the fire and not be able to get Jess out,” Sam said.  “And she still took the job?  What the hell is wrong with her?”

“Hush, I wanna hear this,” Charlie said as Dean and Sam fought the same old fight they always had at Stanford on the way to the Impala.

“Hey, did I ever tell you why I didn’t end up telling you to fuck off, that Dad threw me out and you’d made it clear that you were on his side?” Sam asked.

Dean shook his head.  “I’d always hoped it was just because you missed me.”

“Well, of course I missed you, but look.”  Dean leaned forward, looking through the trunk, and the amulet became visible for the first time.  “I went with you because you were wearing that again.”

“Huh?” Dean said.

“Every other time you came to see me at Stanford, you had on some stupid gold cross instead of the amulet I gave you,” Sam said.  “Never had the balls to ask if you’d lost it or thrown it away or just did that to hurt me.  But that time, either you forgot to change before you came in or you’d decided to start wearing it again, and either way…”

Dean chuckled.  “Four years, I never wore the thing.  A couple days after you left, I got into a fight with Dad and went out and leaned against the Impala and talked to it like you were in the backseat.  When I looked up and you weren’t there, it really hit me that you were gone, you know?  I ripped off the amulet and threw it across the parking lot.  Dad was not happy when I refused to leave the next morning until I’d found it.  I’d managed to break the cord, and that felt kinda symbolic, so I carried it around in a pocket and wore the stupid gold cross so at least I’d have something around my neck.”

“So what made you put it back on?” Sam asked.

Dean huffed and took a long pull of beer.  “Dad was missing.  If you’d actually refused to go with me, after I tried everything I could to get you to come, I’d have given it back to you.  More of an impact if it’s coming off my neck than out of my pocket.  Not exactly proud of it, but there it is.  Emotional blackmail.”

Sam laughed.  “Well, you got your chance