read the sign for Dean.

“All right, just stay there.  Cas and I will come get you.”

“I’ll be here, brother.”

 

Dean threw Cas the phone.  “What’s the matter?” Cas asked after one look at Dean.

“Benny’s back, he thinks we’re cheating on Sam and that I’m letting you abuse him.  Not quite sure what the hell Sam said to him, but he’s pissed.”

“Are we?” Cas asked.  “You know as well as I do that he’s well enough to be hunting.”

Dean shook his head.  “I don’t think we’re cheating, exactly.  I mean, this trip to Italy, that’s just him and you.  You skip out on us all the time when it’s quiet, and me and Sam take advantage of it.”

“But we’re lying to him about why he’s not here,” Castiel said.

“Yeah.  We are.”  Dean scrubbed a hand over his face.  “And the stupid part is, I don’t even know why.  I mean, this kind of hunt?  Sam’s least favorite.  No interviews to do, not a whole lot of research, just tracking the stupid thing to its lair and ganking it.”  He shook his head.  “Anyway, we need to get Benny and head for the Bunker.  Get Benny straightened out, tell Sam the truth, deal with him being pissed.”

 

The flutter of wings startled Sam, but he was still able to get a big smile on as he turned around.  “Cas!  Didn’t expect you… Benny?  Dean, what’s going on?”

Benny shook off Cas’s hand and came to stand by Sam.  “You sure you’re okay, Sam?”

“Yeah, I… what’s going on here?”  He looked over to Cas and Dean.  “Guys, what’s going on?”

Dean cleared his throat.  “What’d you say to Benny?  Because I’m pretty sure he misunderstood something there.”

Sam let out a groan.  “Benny… I told you, me and Cas are fine, there is nothing going on that you need to worry about.  If there were, Dean would be worried about it.”

Cas moved toward Sam, but Benny got in the way.  “Sam, Dean believes that Benny is under the impression that I am abusing you.  You know that if I go too far…”

“I know you’ll stop whenever I say to, you always do,” Sam said.  “Not like I haven’t gotten a couple of good shots in on you myself, considering.  Benny, Cas and me are… it’s hard to explain and kind of awkward.  I appreciate your concern, I do.  But it’s…”

Dean facepalmed.  “They fuck after they’re done beating the crap out of each other and Sam is making this even more awkward than it has to be.”

“Sam?”

“Yeah, Dean pretty well summed it up,” Sam said.  “I told you, Dean knows way more than he wants to about it.  I appreciate your concern, especially standing up against Dean for me, but I don’t need it.”  He looked between the other three.  “You seriously interrupted a hunt so that everyone knows that everyone knows that I’m not being abused?  That’s a little…”

“Yeah, well, there’s something else,” Dean admitted.  “One that might have a little more basis in fact and less in misunderstanding.”

Benny, who had softened a lot as Sam reassured him, hardened again.  “I can’t believe you, brother.”

“There is some misunderstanding,” Castiel said.  “We should begin by establishing that the three of us are involved in a romantic and sexual relationship, and all of us are aware that it goes all ways.”

Sam blinked.  “Wait, Benny thought… the two of you left me out of this hunt so one of you could cheat on me with the other?”

Benny shrugged.  “Makes more sense than because you ain’t up for a fight, not with what Cas does to you.”

“Oh my god.”  Sam looked between Cas and Dean, who were wearing equally guilty expressions.  “You two left me out of the hunt so you could get some time to yourselves?  And you couldn’t have just, I don’t know, told me that you needed a few days?”

“We should have, Sammy,” Dean said.  “I’m sorry.”

“Please, forgive us,” Castiel said.  “It’s not about excluding you, it’s just…”

“No, I know,” Sam said.  “There are times when you have something to do for Heaven and my first thought is ‘Oh thank god, I get Dean to myself for a couple days.’  I’ve been trying to find a way to get rid of Dean for a couple days so it could be just