us, or something?”

“No,” Dean snaps tersely. “He’s just…” he shakes his head. “It’s nothing.”

***

The sound of a gun going off has Sam jumping out of the shower without even turning it off and yanking the door open without grabbing a towel. Eyes wide, chest heaving, he’s ready for a fight but all he sees is Dean sitting at the small table cursing.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Dean’s muttering, lips a grim line.

Sam’s confused, wary. His eyes still roaming over the room but nothing’s out of place and there’s no one here but Dean.

“What the fuck, Dean?” Sam breathes, snatching a towel from the bathroom and cranking the shower off. Sam comes back out in the room and sees the blood starting to drip off Dean’s leg onto the cheap linoleum floor.

Dean hasn’t said a word, his jaw tight as he presses a cloth against his thigh.

“Jesus, what happened?” Sam says, his voice low as he crouches next to Dean.

“Fucking gun went off,” Dean bites out, pressing down against his leg, bright red blooming on his gun rag.

“What?” Sam shouts. “You fucking shot yourself?” He bats Dean’s bloodied hands away and pulls back the dirty gun rag and sees for himself the torn denim, red soaked at the edges. Without a thought, he snatches the towel from around his own waist and presses it against Dean’s leg. Dean hisses in pain.

“Jesus fuck, Dean,” he breathes. He looks down and sees the tip of a bullet embedded in the linoleum floor. Looks like a through and through. He’s got to get Dean off this chair and check out the underside of his leg for the other wound.

“I was just going to clean it and…” Dean’s voice cuts off as Sam pushes down harder on the wound.

“You know better, you fucking know better,” Sam manages, the rush of adrenaline and fear turning into anger.

“I don’t know how it happened.”

***

Dean’s been sick for two days and whatever it is, his body’s working hard at fighting it off.

“Just let me take your temperature.”

“Fuck off, Sammy, ‘m fine.”

Sam huffs. “You’re not fine. You’re sick. Jesus, how many times do we have to go through this. Just… If you’re 102 or below, fine you can sit there and be miserable for all I care.”

Dean finally relents and let’s Sam take his temperature.

“One-oh-three, bro. You’re in the treatment zone.”

“I told you to stop reading those medical websites.”

Sam rolls his eyes as he shakes two aspirins out of the bottle and hands them over to Dean who dry swallows them.

“One of us has to be the brains since you’re clearly an idiot who doesn’t even know when he’s sick,” Sam mumbles.

Half a day later and Dean’s temperature is going in the wrong direction. He’s huddled in on himself, clutching the thin blanket with white-knuckled fingers. Sam worries his lip between his teeth as he stares down at the digital thermometer.

104.1.

He hesitates for a moment longer, then nods to himself as he finalizes his decision.

“Time to get you naked, bro,” he mutters. It’s tough work yanking the blanket out from Dean’s death grip and Dean starts arguing intelligibly with him.

“No, s’mine. You can’ have it.”

Sam sighs. “Dean, c’mon. We gotta get you cooled down,” Sam answers, more as an automatic response than actually trying to have a conversation. He finally wrestles it away from Dean and tosses it to the laundry pile.

Dean’s fully dressed under the blanket: jeans, t-shirt and Sam’s hoodie and frankly, Sam should have guess then that Dean was really sick because he only steals Sam’s clothes when he absolutely feels like shit. Sam fights with the top button on the jeans, the rest of them giving away easily after years of wear with soft ‘thwack-thwack-thwacks.’ He wiggles the pants down, tugging when he gets to Dean’s hips and ass. Dean half heartedly tries to reach for his pants, shivering and teeth chattering.

“G’way.”

Sam makes a soothing non-verbal sound and continues his work, finally getting the pants down to Dean’s knees. It’s not till he gets them off that he pauses staring down at Dean’s slightly bowed legs.

The bullet wound from Dean’s accident with the gun a month ago isn’t as healed as it should be. Red, puckered and inflamed, it looks like it’s not healing well. The stitches… Sam leans in closer and presses the hot skin next to the wound.

Those aren’