face before the runner came to collect them to go take their places.  He and Anna stood at the top of the stairs, which first Dean and then Sam would climb to ask.

When Cas saw Sam taking his place, his façade nearly cracked.  Sam was, of course, dressed in his best clothes, in the scarlet and gold of his kingdom.  He also had a wreath of poppies and golden daisies in his hair.  It was breathtaking.

Anna squeezed his arm sympathetically, and Cas managed to recover himself.  He could do this.  And, well, if he couldn’t take his eyes off Sam, that just contributed to the role he was playing.  He knew Sam had worn the flowers just for him, as an apology of sorts for putting Castiel in the lady’s role in this proposal.  Cas wondered how he’d gotten it by John, who was scowling a bit as he left his seat on the dais to begin the ceremony.

King John’s speech was mercifully short.  He once again welcomed Chuck and his entourage to the kingdom, expressed his admiration for Anna and Castiel, who he hoped would consent to stay, and pledged his aid in the war against Lilith of Enfer.  King Chuck was a bit more long-winded as he thanked John for the kind welcome and hospitality of the past two months and for his support in the war, and expressed his admiration of the two fine princes who he hoped would truly welcome his countrymen into their hearts and lives.

Once Chuck had resumed his seat, Dean climbed the stairs with his servant Benny.  “Lady Anael, God smiled on me when he brought you into my life.  Our kings have both blessed our union, and I would consider myself the luckiest man in the world if you would agree to be my wife.”  He took a wreath of red and yellow roses from Benny to offer to Anna.

Anna knelt, allowing Dean to place the wreath in her hair.  “When my duty and my heart agree, how can I not consider myself the lucky one?  I accept.”  Dean helped her to her feet and escorted her down the stairs to a seat beside John.

Then it was Sam’s turn.  Sam came forward, with Kevin carrying his flowers.  “Lord Castiel, I was afraid when my king told me that it was his will for me to be married.  Then you came, and banished that fear.  Our kings have both spoken of their desire for us to wed, and it is my wish as well.  Will you marry me?”

Castiel knelt, and Sam bent down to pin a pair of roses to Castiel’s tunic.  He winked as he straightened back up, and Castiel’s mouth went dry.  “I would like nothing more,” he said as soon as he could, taking Sam’s hand to get back to his feet.

The crowd cheered as Castiel took his seat, with Sam standing beside him on the dais.  He barely heard John’s speech announcing the marriage and fixing the date for exactly one month later, the minimum time allowed by the church, because all he could focus on was Sam’s hand burning heavy on his shoulder.  When the crowd cheered again, Castiel got a hand up to wave, smile firmly in place as Sam walked him back inside, where there was a feast beginning.

.                

The second he possibly could, Sam left the feast and headed up to the observatory.  The astrologer was still at the feast, so he knew he’d be left alone.  He needed it badly.  It had been an exhausting day, keeping up the right blend of acting and sincerity.

It wasn’t much of a surprise when ten minutes into his sulk, Dean was beside him, pulling him into a hug.  “Okay, little brother.  I know today was rough, but you got through it.  What’s with the flowers in your hair?”

“That first walk in the garden, Cas told me that if I tried to put flowers in his hair, he’d challenge me to a fight.  It didn’t exactly seem like the most auspicious start to our engagement, however fake it is, but the crowd expected to see flowers in someone’s hair.  And, well, you can’t deny that my hair’s better for it,” Sam said, trying to sound normal.

“It does look good, kiddo,” Dean said.  “Come on, talk to me.  What’s wrong?”

Sam bit his lip, trying to hold back the tears.  Dean had said that he’d have supported him if he chose to live as Samantha, but that had been a joke.  Still, Dean had never failed to support him, never failed to have his back no matter what oddball thing he did.  It was a huge risk, trusting Dean with this, but Sam was just miserable enough to finally take it.  “It’s this courtship, engagement, whatever you want to call it.  It’s either too real, or it’s not real enough.”

“Lost me there, bro