could imagine Castiel checking his environment for threats.”Water will not be a problem, and neither will food for a while. I will be fine.”

”Of course you will,” Dean heard himself to say. He didn't like the tone of his voice. It was too gentle to really fit him. He cleared his throat, but didn't have anything else to add.

They listened to each other's breathing, and to his surprise Dean didn't feel silly or uncomfortable about it. He could just focus on Cas, and that he was there. Dean thought that there was one good thing coming out of this, and it was that now Castiel couldn't just go and disappear on him when he turned around. He felt warm from head to toe, but the crushing guilt followed one heartbeat later.

”I'm running out of minutes, Dean,” Castiel said apologetically.

Dean opened his eyes, and couldn't remember when he had allowed them to close. ”Uh, yeah. Okay. I... Good luck, Cas.”

”Dean?” Castiel .

”Yeah?””I'm coming to you.”

*

On the days Castiel didn't call Dean tended to space out. He wondered where exactly Cas was at that very moment, how he was holding up and if he was alright. If he simply kept a low profile, it was an extremely slim chance that any of his vengeful siblings would find him, but Dean worried none the less. From worry his train of thought usually proceeded steadily to daydreaming of actual face-to-face conversations with Castiel. On the phone he sounded like he actually had decided to follow Dean's advice and take care of himself, but Dean felt uneasy without witnessing it himself.

He thought of basic human things a lot, things he took for granted but worried Castiel wouldn't realize he now needed. Dean wanted to be there to hand him a bottle of water and remind him it was important to drink. He wanted to ease his anxiety when he grew tired and needed to sleep. If he allowed himself to drift even further into his daydream, he imagined letting Cas try some of his own cooking.

Whenever Dean allowed himself to drift that deep, he snapped out of it quickly and rather violently. Usually he found himself blankly staring down at a book page without any idea what it said, but several pages from where he had started reading.Sometimes in the dining room he actually twitched, lifted his gaze and was oddly disappointed when he didn't see Castiel sitting there across the table.

Dean came to know he had only things he'd rather ignore than think about. Avoiding others allowed him to run from one problem, but being just by himself left him with the problems of more personal kind, leaving him cornered.He had always known he was a mess, but at the moment some issue started to actively involve anyone else than just himself, it becamse a pain to deal with.

He thought a lot of the last few years and the amounts of shit that had gone down. He thought of all those really tight spots he had somehow survived. He thought of the people he had met and befriended. Thinking about Benny made his chest ache.

Thinking Benny made him think about Purgatory, which now felt like a last week's nightmare, blurry and unreal. He had only wanted to find Cas and drag him out of there with him, and there hadn't been room for anything else in his mind. He hadn't felt hunger, thirst or fatigue, he had stopped only to pray.

Dean threw a hopeful glance at his phone on the table, but it just sat there, its screen dark.

Dean missed Cas. There was nothing he could do to distract himself from the feeling, nor do anything to alleviate the pain as it gnawed on his insides. A phone call would be just first aid to it, like pressing a tissue on a wound when you actually needed stitches. It would help to prevent the mess, but after a while the tissue would be soaked and useless, and you'd have to get a new one.Dean absentmindedly rubbed his chest, trying to ease the hollow ache he got when he thought of Cas too much. The moment he allowed himself to remember not only the fallen angel's voice, but also his smile, awkward gestures, the way he tilted his head and squinted his eyes when he thought Dean was being absurd, he felt like a void had opened inside his chest, cold and dark and empty.

The book lay on the table long forgotten, and Dean pressed the heels his palms to his eyes until he saw little bright spots in the darkness.

 

A week passed without a word from Castiel.

Dean presumed the other had finally run out of quarters, hopefully after buying food or a pair of new socks. He stubbornly refused to listen to the more pessimistic side of his mind throwing terrible what-ifs at him. The bunker's map would have shown activity nearby if something had happened, and Dean outright refused to think things like a