her back on her feet.

Jess grabs his hand in answer, pulling it down to slip inside her panties and rub against the wetness there. Sam's eyes darken with lust, and he kisses her again, hard, before pulling away.

'Bed,' he says again, and turns towards their room, late-afternoon sunlight slanting across his naked back. Jess watches him for a long moment, drinking in the sight, before following on shaky legs.

 

Their room seems oddly dark after the brightness of the kitchen, and Jess realises that Sam's already drawn the shades. He's sitting awkwardly at the edge of their bed, waiting. When she lets the door fall closed behind her he jerks his head up, biting his lip nervously, and she suddenly remembers just what they had planned for after her parents' visit.

He takes a deep breath and says, 'Will you...? I still want you to tie me up.' His voice is shaky, half-pleading, and Jess isn't sure whether it's a plea for her to say yes, or no.

'Are you sure, Sam?' she asks quietly, looking him in the eye.

He blinks once, slow and considered, and then nods his head. 'I'm sure,' he says, and this time there's no ambiguity in his tone. 'I want you to.'

Jess feels a wave of desire wash over her at the words, hot-cold sensation prickling across her skin. 'Okay, then,' she says. 'But if you want me to stop, if it gets too much, then you have to tell me.'

Sam opens his mouth, and Jess just knows that he's about to make some kind of argument, because that's the way Sam's built. She cuts him off. 'Once I tie you up, I'm in control. I have to know that if you really want me to stop, you'll tell me, okay?' She's surprised at the sound of her own voice, firm and decisive, and realises with a jolt that she's been thinking about this since Sam asked her, planning out how it should be.

'Okay,' Sam says, voice low. 'I trust you, Jess.' His hands are fisted tight into the bedclothes, and somehow Jess knows that he not only trusts her to stop. He also trusts her not  to stop, not unless he really needs her to, because this is a challenge for him, not just some new kink they're trying out.

'Good,' she says softly. 'Then strip. I need you naked.'

Sam rises and obeys immediately, sighing with relief as he unbuttons his jeans and eases his cock out from his shorts. Jess doesn't move to take off any of her own clothes, just stands back and watches Sam undress, hard cock bobbing against his stomach as he steps out of his pants. When he straightens, though, wetting his lips nervously, she can't resist going to him. She rises up on tiptoe to kiss him, capturing his bottom lip with her teeth and holding herself teasingly away from his naked body.

Jess drops back down onto her feet, and it suddenly occurs to her that she has no idea what she's going to use to tie Sam up. She thinks of the scarf that started this whole thing off, and is just wondering if she has another one to partner it when Sam drops half to his knees and gropes under the bed, coming up with something soft crumpled in his hand.

'I, er... I bought some stuff,' he says awkwardly, offering it to her, and she sees that the long strip of fabric is already looped into bonds. She takes it and slips one onto Sam's wrist, sliding the knot down until the loop is snug enough to keep his hand from slipping through.

'If you tug the knot the other way, it'll stay put,' Sam says helpfully, and Jess suddenly feels the overwhelming urge to laugh, because it's just so Sam , the way he's obviously researched and prepared all this.

A giggle escapes her, and Sam tenses at the sound. Then he meets her eyes and begins to laugh too, tension draining out of him. Jess is glad, because for all this is serious, it's also supposed to be fun. 'So, research boy,' she teases. 'I can't tie you to the bed from here, can I?'

'I guess you can't,' Sam says, eyes gleaming with amusement under his bangs. He sits down on the bed, and they both giggle as Jess pushes and prods him, shifting him into the right position and weaving the trailing fabric in and out of the bed-rails.

They both fall silent when Jess slides the other loop over Sam's wrist. 'Are you sure?' she asks again.

'Please,' Sam says, lifting his arm so she can pull the knot tight.

Jess tugs it firm and