. You gaped in need feeling your core throb.

"Sam I never thought you would be the one making the first move." You say shaking from the with slight fright.

"Don't think just feel. Feel me touching you right here." He whispered against your skin while his hand slowly pulled your shirt up just under your bra.

"And here." Sam said his finger going further up revealing your breast trying to escape from your bra. He moved his face down rubbing his soft lips along the top of your breast. You moan out pushing your chest up into his mouth.

"But your my brother." You say your eyes shooting open to realize what you were doing. You tried to move away from him but his tongue darted out tasting your skin. You froze lightly moaning from the contact.

"I know you have wanted me for a long time ____." Sam moaned lightly moving your shirt seeing the middle clasp for your bra. He undid the restricting material quickly sucking on your left nipple before you could tell him no again.

"You knew?" You ask with your finger combing through his hair pulling lightly. He sucked on your nipple harder licking and tugging with his lips and tounge. He released sucking pink marks along your breast to the next nipple giving it the same attention.

"Oh that feels so good." You moan out unable to stop the heated need from rising in your gut. He released your nipple to trail kisses down your stomach. 

"I can make you feel better than any other man ever has." Sam said going down to your hips to kiss each bone until his hands stared to pushed your jeans down.

"I've never been with anyone else." You pant with a blush when he looks up at you with a straight face.

"What do you mean? Like your a virgin?" Sam asked sitting up to take off his flannel shirt waiting for your answer.

"Yes I'm a virgin, but a complete virgin. No has ever touched me sexually before." You say blushing harder when his muscled stomach and arms were in front of you.

"Good." He said simply going back to your jeans pulling them over your hips and down your thighs before you could say anything else. While he was preoccupied you took your shirt and bra off throwing it to the ground. He yanked your pants clean off leaving you in just underwear.

"Will you let me teach you something?" Sam asked running his hands up and down your legs. 

"What did you have in mind?" You asked fighting the urge to cover your self even as Sam greedily gazed over your body. 

"I want to tech you how to take a cock in your mouth like a pornstar." Sam said with a wide smirk his hands already undoing his jeans to pull them down his hips. His cock bulging again black tight boxers grabbing your attention.

"What do you want me to do?" You ask feeling nervous. He pulled his pants completely off laying down next to you in the medium bed.

"Pull my boxers down and we will go from there." Sam instructed putting his hands behind his head as he watched you climb onto his legs. You slowly pulled the grey elastic band down. He lifted his hips slightly allowing the underwear to slip passed his butt at the same time his penis bounced out at you. You gasped not expecting the massive cock that almost hit you in the face. 

"Wow." You say looking passed the thick shaft up at Sam's grinning face. 

"Now when you ready put your hand around the middle and start pumping up and down slowly." He instructed pushing his hips up at your face again. You wrapped your hand around his shaft not able to wrap it all the way around making you even more nervous about putting it in your mouth. You start to pump him earning low moans from you older half brother.

"Put the head in your mouth and no teeth." He said sounding very serious. You wrapped your lips around his thick head taking it as far in your mouth as your could. He moaned humping into your mouth gagging you. You pull up out frightened you would throw up or bite him. 

"No keep goin!" Sam grunted one of his hands pushing your head down further. You gag again, but keep sucking harder even when you started to choke. 

"God your doing amazing ____." He moaned pushing you mouth further on his shaft. 

"I can't wait to fuck your tight virgin pussy." Sam growled pumping your head back and forth on his thick shaft. You gaged letting some saliva out of the corner of your mouth. He pulled you off his cock letting you wipe your mouth before he laid you down underneath him. He tore your underwear from you body spreading your legs quickly as you watched him with your stomach in knots.

"Are you sure about this Sam?" You ask making sure he knew what he was about to do. He positioned himself between your thighs spreading your legs around his hips with one hand. The other hand next to your head keeping his body from crushing you.

"I've never wanted anything