sides just like the last time you were in this bed.

“You will be begging me to fuck you in a few hours. For now, I think I’ll show you what I am truly capable of.” Castiel said his voice making your drunken mind start to clear. 

“You say you want to make it up to me, but then you turn around and try to rape me again. You really don’t know anything about humans, do you.” You growl kicking your feet in frustration.

“I can’t rape what is already mine ____.” Castiel said in your mind making you want to scream until you felt something slide inside of you. You looked horrified at Castiel still fully clothes at the foot of the bed. You were also still clothed, but then you feel it again something sinking deeper touching your walls and stretching you out in all the right ways. 

“What are you doing?” You ask a moan slipping from your lips. You felt like you were about to cum already on the edge of your need. He kept you there watching you struggle with your unwanted pleasure before he pushed you off the edge. You cry out in ecstasy your legs squeezing together as your walls and clit pulse with the release. You could feel how wet you were making you want to cry in defeat. 

“This is just some of my power.” Castiel smiled at you taking off his trench coat. You looked away from him in disgust. Then you felt it again the amazing stretching and tingling all over your clit and walls. You bite your lip trying to hold the pleasure moans that threatened to spill out of your mouth. You were sweating and bucking up into the tingling chasing the release you needed, but it wouldn’t come. Your body was so tense and rigid, but you wouldn’t fall over the edge. 

“Please Castiel make it stop.” You whimper as your legs rubbed together trying to bring your own release. You squirm on the mattress like a worm trying to at least get some form of release. 

“I’m not done playing yet. I told you I can keep this up for hours before I even lay a finger on you.” He smiled at your red sweat cover face. Your need for release so thick he could almost taste it in the air around him. 

“Just let me cum! Please, it hurts!” You scream as every cell in your body begged for the release.

“Admit that you have been a slut.” Castiel ordered his cock hard against his suit pants. You shake your head no until a new wave of intense pleasure making your toes curl in pain.  

“I’m a slut!” You yell at the top of your lungs. A wave of your orgasm washed over you. Your hips rise off the bed with the magnificent pleasure. 

“Oh, god.” You moan out humping the air with the continued wave after wave of release. You fell back to the mattress with a heavy sigh your eyes unable to open. Castiel chuckled unbuckling his pants to let them fall to the floor leaving him in just his tight boxers. 

“You look good enough to eat ____.” Castiel moaned while lightly resting his knees on the edge of the bed. You try to move away from him, but he grabs your legs spreading them like he had done the last time. You weekly look up at him with a pleading look of “Don’t do this.” as his hands roamed up over your legs. 

“Wait, Castiel.” You attempt to say the alcohol and ecstasy making your words sound muddy. Castiel undid your pants pulling them down your unmoving legs to pull them off along with your shoes. Keeping you in your socks and underwear while he caressed your legs back up to your hips. 

“Shut up slut.” Castiel mocked leaning down to place kisses on your hip bone. Your stomach rolled with nausea feeling him this close to you after too many years of fear. You start to break down your soft cries turning into sobs when he pulled your underwear down your legs. He smiled down at you watching how you tried to keep your legs closed like you had before. He stopped before just diving into your sweet-smelling pussy.

“Let’s try something different this time.” Castiel said lifting his hand in the air.*SNAP*You were face down into the cheap covers your hands pinned above your head arching your back. You felt a sharp pain for a moment in your ass from Castiel’s hand making you scream. The scream was muffled around a large ball gag in your mouth forcing your jaw open painfully. You felt pain again on your other butt cheek, his hand felt like leather on your bare butt. 

“Your ass turns a lovely shade of pink when you get spanked. You have needed a good ass spanking for a while now.” Castiel moans slapping you hard again. Your finger curled in pain as he slapped you relentlessly your ass felt like it was on fire. Then he stopped letting the skin relax for a moment the heat from his slaps radiation off your skin. You were sobbing into the sheets your will to