had seen what it was then either. "You sure you're okay?"

"I'm fine. I must be more tired than I realized."

"Angels getting tired? It really is a sign of the Apocalypse," Dean joked humorlessly. "Come on, then. Let's head back to the motel and get you to bed before you start telling me you see dead people."

That reference was completely lost on Castiel, but he followed along anyway. They had almost made it to the lobby door when they came across a police officer, who up until that point had been standing around chatting with one of the nurses while he turned in his evening paperwork. The moment he saw Dean, though, something in his expression changed, and he advanced on Sam and Dean with a fierce gleam in his eye. Castiel had somehow managed to shrink back into the shadows, shedding his suit jacket and tossing it away without anyone noticing he was even there.

"Crap," Dean muttered, knowing that when a cop got that look in his eye it was never a good thing.

"Don't I know you from somewhere?" the man asked slowly, eyeing Dean up and down while his gray handlebar mustache twitched from side to side.

"I, uh, don't think so," Dean answered slowly, feeling Sam tense up beside him when he realized they were heading into dangerous territory and fast.

"No, I'm sure I…" His eyes widened, and then he glared at Dean with more venom than he'd thought a tired old cop could muster. "Wait, that's right. There were a couple other feds down here the other day, but they weren't you two. Why would they need four Feds working on the same case?"

Dean gulped audibly. He really hated when things like this happened. "What? What are you talking about?"

The cop narrowed his eyes at them. "Let's see some I.D., fellas."

They handed their badges over without complaint, and he scanned over every detail before raising his eyebrow at them. "Agent Rosewood and Agent Taggart? You can't be serious."

Sam closed his eyes and inwardly cursed; of course Dean would pick names from Beverly Hills Cop. He watched nervously, waiting to see what the older man would do to him and his brother, when they were suddenly saved by a loud crash in the hallway. Whirling around, he saw Castiel bracing himself against a now-empty medical cart, seeming as if he was only on his feet because of the metal frame gripped tightly in his hands.

"Cas?" Dean asked with immediate concern while the nurses and the cop turned their attention to him. He started to advance toward the angel and Castiel widened his eyes, staring hard at the Winchesters before angling his glance toward the lobby doors. The message was clear: "Get out of here. I'll handle this."

A moment later Cas staggered back a few steps, gasping in a sharp breath as his hands drifted up to hold his head.

"Sir, are you alright?" one of the nurses asked, placing a tentative hand on his shoulder as he swayed on the spot.

"I… don' know," he said with the slightest hint of a slur in his words. "I f-feel –" Then his eyes rolled back in his head, and he collapsed into their waiting arms in a boneless heap. The nurses and the cop were all over him in an instant, and Sam and Dean took that as their cue to leave, beating a hasty retreat out to the Impala while the hospital staff ineffectually tried to rouse their angelic friend.

When he'd pulled out of the parking lot, Dean laughed to himself as he imagined how annoyed Castiel must be with all these people poking and prodding him while he did his best to fake unconsciousness. A proud smile crossed his lips, and he pushed the gas pedal a little harder as he took them back toward the motel.

"Good one, Cas. Good one."

Disclaimer: Supernatural and its characters are the property of Eric Kripke. Sadly, I do not own any of these guys.

Dean had just finished a solemn phone conversation with Bobby when Castiel appeared in the motel room the three of them were sharing. He looked extremely irritated as he shrugged his suit jacket back on and then his trenchcoat, and Dean couldn't help but snicker when he noticed the pulse oximeter still dangling off the tip of his right index finger. Apparently the nurses at Mercy Hospital worked pretty fast. That was good to know in case something would go wrong, but hopefully they wouldn't actually need to use that information. He opened his mouth to tease Castiel a little about his brief hospital visit, but thought better of it when he remembered that it was because of him and Sam in the first place. Better not piss off the nerdy angel.

"So, Dean," Castiel said when he'd plucked the small device off of his finger and placed it on the bedside table for the Winchesters to add to their first aid kit