different bars, each set up like a long salad bar, that housed the hot pies on one side and the cold on the other. There were all kinds of toppings, as well as ice cream to put on them, and by the time Sam looked over at Dean again his older brother had already devoured three slices of different pies that the PAs were bringing him in a continuous line.

"Uh, Dean? You might wanna slow down," Sam warned when he watched Dean practically inhale the fourth piece of pie – apple, it looked like. "You haven't even had the camera on you that much yet. Save some room."

"Shuddup," Dean muttered around a large mouthful of flaky crust and apple filling. "Ish pie, Shammeh. Pie. I can handle pie."

"Whatever you say, man."

"Damn right whatever I shay."

Sam snorted and picked up a magazine the director had left behind, content to sit and read – and not get hit in any more sensitive places by giant levers for the moment – while Dean did all the work and enjoyed himself. If this was how TV Land was going to be from now on, he could get used to it.

Before he knew it, filming was over, and the commercial was being pieced together around Dean's apparently genius moans of pie-induced pleasure, which the director had loved as soon as Dean had started making them upon taking his first bite of Biggerson's Pecan Pie. Sam thought it was a little creepy that his brother was getting filmed and applauded for making sounds that really should have belonged in pie-inspired porn, but hey, who was he to judge? Apparently Dean had talent. Or something.

It wasn't until after the crew had packed up and left that Sam thought to wonder where Dean was, and then realized that he should have known even something this easy could go wrong for a Winchester. When Sam finally located Dean, he was curled up on his side on one of the enormous booth seats, arms wrapped loosely around his midsection. He looked up for a minute when he saw Sam approach, then sighed and flopped his head back onto the bench, curling up a little tighter as his stomach grumbled audibly.

"Mmmph," he groaned, belching and rubbing a hand over his slightly distended belly with an uncomfortable grimace. "Sammy, I don't feel so hot…"

Sam rolled his eyes with a long-suffering sigh, sitting down on the other side of the booth and not bothering with the "I told you so." It was a losing battle anyway. Dean might be older than him, but when it came to pie, he had all the self-restraint of a kid let loose in a candy store. Sam should have known it was only a matter of time before he ate himself sick, and he blamed himself for not keeping a closer eye on Dean.

"How many pieces of pie did you actually eat, anyway?" Sam wasn't sure he actually wanted to know, but he was morbidly curious anyway.

"Th - *urp* – thirteen…"

Sam whistled, impressed and horrified all at once. "That's… a lot of pie."

Dean just belched again in response, groaning when his stomach growled at him in obvious displeasure.

"Just hang in there, man," Sam said when Dean shifted and winced in discomfort again. "I'm sure we'll end up in a Pepto-Bismol commercial sooner or later."

"God, I hope so."

"Me t –"

Sam never even got a chance to finish his two-word sentence before the channel changed yet again. This time, Sam was sitting in the middle of a large leather couch in a fancy-looking living room, surrounded by people he didn't recognize and another set of camera people. Dean, though, was nowhere to be seen, and that nearly sent him into a panic right then and there. Had something happened to him?!

"Where's Dean?" he asked, hoping someone in the room would know who he was talking about.

"It's okay, Sam," said a woman clad in a doctor's coat from the other side of the room. "Your dad called him a minute ago, just like we practiced. He'll be here soon."

"Wha – my dad? Practiced? What are –"

"Shh, Sam," said a balding blond man Sam assumed was supposed to be his "dad," considering he was sitting right beside him and knew his name. "Just let us talk to him, alright? You don't have to if you don't feel up to it."

Sam had no earthly idea what they were talking about, but he was spared having to puzzle it out when the door suddenly started opening, and a very confused, very nauseous-looking Dean stepped into the room, staring blankly at everyone gathered around the area except for Sam.

"What the hell's going on here?" he asked irritably.

"Dean, please sit down," the doctor said, gesturing