out of the woods faster than he would have with a Hellhound on his heels. He hoped there weren't any cops out on these little dirt roads tonight, because there was no way he was stopping for them until Sam was out of danger.

About a mile away from the place where Adam lay burning, Sam started shivering violently, curling up as tightly as he could while chills racked his entire body. Dean cursed to himself, recognizing another symptom of severe shock, and turned up the heater as high as it would go. He aimed all of the warm air at his little brother and pulled him up against his side, taking off his coat and throwing it over them both before wrapping his free arm around Sam's back to hold him close. Sam sighed gratefully, teeth still chattering as he pressed himself up against Dean and buried his face in his chest, seeking out warmth anywhere he could get it.

"It'll be okay, Sam. Just hold on," Dean whispered, and pushed the gas pedal to the floor.

By the time they reached the motel, after a ten-minute drive that should have taken thirty, Sam had completely lost consciousness again and nothing Dean did was able to rouse him. He had stopped shivering quite so hard too, which Dean wanted to think was because of the Impala's heater and not that Sam's body was slowly giving out on him.

As soon as he'd thrown the car into park, Dean got out and unlocked the motel door, propping it open with a metal trashcan before turning on the light and going back to get Sam. His little brother was heavier than he remembered – it felt like he'd put on at least fifteen pounds of muscle since Dean had been in Hell – but he managed to get him inside eventually and deposited him on the bed closest to the door, covering him up with several blankets but leaving his arms exposed so they could be stitched. It wouldn't do any good to give Sam any blood or fluids if the cuts weren't closed first.

It didn't take him long to find the med kit, and he soon had it set up beside Sam's prone form, pulling out a bottle of alcohol and some cotton balls to clean the cuts with before he sewed them shut. Sam whimpered and twitched at the first sting of alcohol inside the deep wounds.

"Sorry, Sammy, sorry," Dean said softly, waiting until his brother had stilled again before pinching the edges of the first cut together and beginning to stitch. It didn't take him long to get it closed, seeing as the two of them had sewn themselves and each other so many times before, and within ten minutes he had both of Sam's wrists cleaned, stitched, and wrapped in clean bandages. That task completed, he moved on to the more important one: replacing some of the blood his brother had lost.

They didn't have any real equipment for blood transfusions – that kind of thing wasn't exactly easy to come by without a medical license, and those were too hard to forge – but luckily for Sam they did have a couple of 50cc syringes they'd stolen from hospitals and veterinary supply stores over the years, as well as some IV fluids and the catheters used to administer them. Dean thanked whoever was listening that he'd lucked out and ended up with O-negative blood, because otherwise A-positive Sammy would've been completely out of luck.

"Alright, little bro, let's get you fixed up, huh?" Dean muttered, mostly to himself since Sam likely couldn't hear him. His hands held steady as he found a suitable vein on the inside of Sam's elbow, cleaned the skin and inserted the IV catheter, taping it into place once he was sure he'd hit the right spot. He hooked another one to the other arm, this one full of saline, and set it to a slow, steady drip. Then he took a deep breath; this next part was really gonna suck.

Dean had given fluids to people a few times in his life, but giving his blood to someone else through an IV was something he'd only done once, when John had been badly cut up by a Wendigo. As a ten-year-old, he hadn't been too happy about being stuck with huge needles over and over again just because his blood type was the only one that John, also O-negative, could take. But at least then he'd had Sam to watch in fascination, thinking what a hero his brother was for giving blood to their dad while Bobby coached him through the process. This time, he was completely on his own.

Trying not to wince prematurely at how big the needle was, he took it firmly in his hand, easily tapping into one of the veins in his own left arm once he'd flexed the muscles enough to make it stand out more. The enormous syringe was longer than his hand from wrist to fingers but filled up quickly, and before he