clean dozens of viral popups off of the screen today, but why would his brother have pretended to be surfing porn when he was really looking at furniture? Dean had always had more talent as a handyman than Sam, so it was totally within the realm of possibility that he just wanted to start some kind of home improvement project in his bedroom or the garage. But still, if that was the case, why lie about it? It didn't make any sense.

When he asked Dean about it, though, the older Winchester proved less than helpful. In fact, he pretended not to know anything at all about how the computer had ended up at those websites.

"Maybe you were sleep-typing again, Sammy," he said nonchalantly, taking a sip of his coffee as he sat against the headboard of his bed and watched some old black-and-white movie that was playing on AMC. "I don't even want to know what goes through that geek brain of yours at night – maybe you were dreaming about working in a furniture store?"

"Yeah, right," Sam said with a roll of his eyes. "If you don't wanna tell me, I'll just figure it out on my own."

His brother just gave him a mischievous grin before turning back to his show. "We'll see about that."



SPN-SPN-SPN



Dean was better at concealing his activities than Sam had expected. Despite days of searching and his own extensive experience with computers and research, the younger hunter was unable to find any kind of clue no matter how hard he looked. How that had happened, he had no idea, because Dean used to be so computer-illiterate that even changing the ringtone on his cellphone was a challenge for him.

Maybe it was because of all the time he had spent with Frank Deveraux three years ago, or maybe it was just the years of being targeted by every conceivable evil under the sun, but while Sam wasn't looking Dean had somehow become even better at hiding his online tracks than his physical ones. No matter how hard the younger Winchester tried to find out where else he'd been, what exactly he had been looking at on those websites, there was literally nothing to be found. Finally, after three days of fruitless searching, Sam had to concede defeat.

For the next few weeks afterward, he almost completely forgot about his brother's weird home improvement site visits, too deeply buried in piles of dusty case notes and decaying spellbooks to pay attention to anything else. He had made a significant amount of progress, using the Men of Letters' extensive notes and his own knowledge of supernatural lore to translate several old books into readable, organized documents. There also hadn't been any other suspicious website visits, or if there were, Dean had cleared them before Sam had a chance to see.

So when he came back to the bunker after a long supply run, he was completely surprised to find a pile of folded-up cardboard boxes sitting by the front door. When he looked closer, he noticed that they were all from different home improvement stores, and ranged in size from less than a foot across to longer than Sam himself. That was definitely strange – Dean hadn't mentioned ordering any new furniture or appliances for the bunker lately.

Curious, Sam followed the trail of discarded cardboard down the hallway, reading each label – "Home Depot," "Lowe's," "IKEA," "Hahn Appliance Warehouse" – as he went. As he did, his confusion only grew – especially when he reached the end of the box trail and realized that it stopped just outside his bedroom.

"Dean?" he called, beginning to reach for the doorknob and wondering what exactly his brother had been up to while he was gone. "If you've been in my room, man, I swear I'm gonna –"

The sight that met his eyes when he opened the door was enough to freeze the words on the tip of his tongue. All of the old furniture that had been left in his room by the Men of Letters was gone, replaced instead with a collection of items that looked both modern and new.

In the spot where his lumpy twin bed had sat only that morning there was now a queen bed with a thick memory-foam mattress, covered by a soft-looking green plaid comforter and a set four pillows – two memory foam for sleeping, and two green plaid for decoration/reclining against. When Sam took a closer look, he was surprised to find that the base of the thick box bed frame contained several large drawers for storage, and the enormous headboard had shelves built into the front and sides, plus a small overhead lamp for late-night reading. Across from the foot of the bed was a new black five-drawer dresser, on top of which sat a thirty-inch flat-screen television and a Blu-Ray player.

A new desk and chair sat against the wall opposite the door, completely bare and just waiting to be covered with books and notes; when Sam opened the drawers