’t happened yet, and I don’t know when it will.  A friend said I could come work for him when he heard about Adler’s dickery, but until this week, I truly loved my job.”

“Ouch.  A bad boss can make any job hell.  I’m on my fourth, and so far, he’s the best of the bunch.  He mostly calls me a moron and ignores me as long as I get the job done.”

The guy managed a weak smile.  “And that’s the best?  Really?”

“Really.  I know, it sucks.  But the last one…”  Sam shuddered.  “I’m the reason he got fired.  I wouldn’t let him get away with his sexual harassment.  Before him was the bitch who tried to kill me.”  The skepticism was not at all surprising.  “I’m not joking or exaggerated.  My brother spent a week in the hospital after her hitman went after him to get to me.  She’s in jail now.”

“Good.”

“And before her was the guy who tried to recruit me for his second job – a crime empire.  He’s dead now, taken out by my brother in a clear case of self-defense and defense of other – me.  Gelbaugen figured out he was never going to convince me to join him, so he figured he had to eliminate me before I went to the cops with what I knew.  Crowley’s an ass, but he’s not evil about it.”

“You’ve had a very interesting career.  Now Adler’s in perspective.  Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.  What else happened?”

“My cat got sick.  She’s at the vet’s now.  I’m hoping she’s coming home Monday.  Another reason not to go changing jobs now, though.”

“Oh no!”  Sam was a dog person, but he understood the devotion to a pet.  “What’s your cat like?”

“She’s a sweetheart.  Cuddler.  She loves sitting in my lap while I work on the computer.  Tiny, yellow all over.  She’s my primary form of social interaction outside of work – her and one good friend.”

“No family?”

“None living.”

“That sucks.  All I’ve got is my brother and the guy who took us in when we needed someone, but that’s so much better than nothing.”

“And then my ex-wife accused me of not paying child support.  I haven’t been, but I never knew there was a child, and I can’t make the dates work for her to be mine.”

“Wow.  But you’re still going to have to go to court or pay.”

“Exactly.  If I could make the dates work, I’d be happy to help – if I got to see her and be her dad.  Even if she’s not actually mine, I’d be happy to step up for her.  But all Amelia wants is money.”

“Which is another reason for you to stick with the boss from Hell until this all gets settled.  Damn.  Sounds like a crap week, all right.”

“The only reason I got out of bed this morning instead of calling in sick to work and staying home all day is that my friend set me up on a blind date for tonight.  The way he’s talked up the guy, I was really looking forward to it.  We were supposed to meet here at seven, and it’s 7:45.”  The guy sighed and pulled out his phone.  “I should probably text Dean and let him know his guy stood me up.”

“Wait.  Dean?  Dean Winchester?”  Sam’s stomach plummeted and he prayed that it was just a coincidence.

“You know him?”

“I am going to kill him.”  Sam pulled out his own phone and found the relevant message.  “When he texted me to say he’d set me up on a blind date, he said the 25th.  I am so, so sorry.  I swear, I would never have stood you up if I’d gotten the right date.  I was nervous as hell, but I was looking forward to meeting this guy that Dean likes so much.”

“You’re…”  He looked at the phone and shook his head.  “Of course you’re Sam.  Hi.  I’m Castiel.  It’s nice to meet you.  I’m sorry for whining.”

Sam huffed softly.  “The week you’ve had?  I think you earned some whining.  How can I make my part in the crap up to you?”

Castiel smiled, for the first time looking like he was actually cheering up.  “You can pretend that we were supposed to meet at 8 instead of 7, or promise to show up on time tomorrow.”

“Sounds good.  Dean’s told me so much about you…”

He was cut off by Castiel’s phone ringing.  He glanced at it and put