find, “Woke up to the sound of pouring rain, washed away a dream of you, but nothing else could ever take you away ‘cause you’ll always be my dream come true.”  Enough was enough already.  Instead of going to lunch, he hid under his desk.  It was uncomfortable, and he had just about given up when he saw Jenny walk in.  “Hi.”

“Oh my god!”  Jenny jumped a foot into the air.  “Sam, you scared the crap out of me!”

“Sorry about that.”  He gave her a quick smile.  “Who’s sending you with these?”

“I… I don’t know his name.  One of the vice presidents.”  Jenny was shaking a little as she held out that afternoon’s post-it.  “Here.  I never read them.  Please don’t scare me again.”

“I really am sorry about that.  This VP… tall, green eyes, short dark blonde hair?”  Jenny nodded.  Of course it was Dean.  “Thanks, Jenny.”  He read the note.  “Let’s break the walls between us.  Don’t make it tough – I’ll put away my pride.  Enough’s enough, I’ve suffered and I’ve seen the light.  You’re my angel, come and save me tonight.”

It was trivial to hack into Dean’s computer and break something.  He was counting on Dean requesting him as usual, and sure enough, lunch had been over five minutes when his supervisor came over.  “Smith wants to see you.”  In the process of gathering up the stuff he usually took, he also grabbed the post-its.

Soon as the door was closed, he threw them on the desk.  “What the hell?  Are you making fun of me?”

“No.  I’m trying to apologize and say you were right.  I was a dick to you, and I deserve everything you’ve done to me, and if you can’t forgive me and give me another chance to do it right, then please, at least let me have your back when you go hunting.  I’ve hurt you enough already, don’t let yourself get beat up more.”

“You think that could work?  Because I don’t know what you’re playing at, if this is still about your mom or what, but I don’t think I can hunt beside you, share motel rooms, all the stuff that goes along with hunting.  I don’t know what the hell we are in my dreams, but out here, in the real world, out here I’m in love with you.”

“Does that mean that if I’ve come to my senses and realized that I love you too, you might be willing to forgive me for my idiocy and give me a second chance?  I’m praying to God you’ll give me one more chance.  I’ll be there for you.”

Sam barked out a laugh.  “Bon Jovi?  Seriously?  You’re hitting on me with Bon Jovi?”

“Bon Jovi rocks!  On occasion.”  Dean jerked his head at his computer.  “It really is broken this time.  Not sure what happened.”

“What happened is I wanted to confront you about the post-its.  Seriously, post-its with cheesy rock lyrics?  Whatever happened to a heartfelt apology and plea for forgiveness?”  Sam stole Dean’s chair and went to work fixing the computer.

“Okay, one, they’re… okay.  Yeah.  Some of them are pretty cheesy.  But a heartfelt apology and plea for forgiveness required you to actually spend more than thirty seconds in a room with me when there wasn’t anyone else around to overhear.  The post-its, I could drop off one when I left at night for you to find in the morning, and Jenny took the afternoon ones for me.  What do you call what I did when you came up here to confront me?”

“Fair enough.”  Sam could feel himself about to give in.  “So what happened?  If you love me and you want to give this a try…”

“Because I’m emotionally constipated and such a workaholic that I don’t always realize what’s happening to me until it’s too late.  It wasn’t until I saw your face on Monday and realized that even hunting with you was over that I realized I couldn’t let you go.  I’m sorry.”

“Don’t do it again.”

“I won’t.”  Dean smiled hesitantly.  “So, next week is Thanksgiving…”

“Oh, shit, your family still thinks I’m coming, don’t they.”  Sam ran a hand through his hair.  “I’ll find something to break Wednesday afternoon that keeps me here.”

“Or you could come with me.  You’re expected, I know you don’t have other plans, and I’d love to have you there.”

“Yeah?”  Sam smiled so his dimples