’ from time to time – much easier to lay the blame on age and innocence.

That’s all it was, really. Too young and too pure to know any better. Only the jadedness of age could see it as wrong.

Kinda sweet, if too much time was spent thinkin’ on it.

Kinda fuckin’ sad if even more time was spent thinkin’ on it.

Bobby tried not to think on it too much. Could break a man’s heart, either way.

So the I’s and me’s and we’s and us’s became a little fluid. So the he’s and you’s and him’s kinda got lost in translation. Makes sense, right? Dean’s whole life became Sammy when he dragged him outta that fire that took his momma. Sam must’ve picked up the verbal oddity from Dean. God knows John wasn’t much of a talker.

Least, that’s what the counselor told John at the one school. Bobby never really believed that crock of shit. Pretty to think so, but the boys had their quirks because that’s the way they were forged. Fire molds things in abstract ways – who would think somethin’ as common as sand could be turned into glass? Their fire just happened to leave these boys more’n a little different in a way that no one suspected – fused them from two distinct entities into a singular being.

These boys weren’t just Dean and Sam. They were DeanandSam, an altogether different creature. Could be considered a damn work of art from the odd perfection of it - somehow inevitable and downright disturbing all at the same time.  

So the boys had a little trouble differentiating themselves from each other. God knows it’s understandable. Probably made ‘em feel safe. So when Dean said quite plainly that he needed something - all requests or statements formulated around the I and me and we and us in a completely inappropriate way - and then proceeded to give it to Sammy, it was easy just to think it was an older brother lookin’ out for the little one.

But when it continued into middle school and Sammy was doin’ just the same, by then not even John could overlook it.

School even had Dean tested, thought he might be…slow. But he blew that damned test outta the water and the idea of slow never came up again. Psychologists had a field day, though – gave a laundry list of things possibly wrong with that little boy: dependent personality disorder, dissociative disorder, borderline personality disorder, schizophrenia, even autism. Never saw so many people so interested in telling a man his boy was fucked up. For some reason, they never seemed as interested in Sam, maybe ‘cause he was still so little and “fixable”, at that point.

John told ‘em all to fuck off, that his boys were fine, and they up and left that town the same day.

That school never showed up in their records, Bobby felt sure of that.

Thing was, even with all these labels thrown at ‘em, none of ‘em stuck. DeanandSam wasn’t crazy, not in a way anyone else could understand. It wasn’t Dean lookin’ after Sam or Sam lookin’ after Dean, it was DeanandSam lookin’ after itself and all was right with the world.

They weren’t hurtin’ anybody and they could pass in the real world just fine. Bobby knew school didn’t count as really real, where any sign of different was hunted down and forced to conform, so those boys were good as they were.

Still should’ve left the damn thing alone, and Bobby will stand by that till the day he dies. Pastor Jim meant well, but he interfered and there’s nothing more prone to messin’ things up than well-intentioned interference.

But Pastor Jim opened his big mouth and John couldn’t tell him to fuck off as he had all the teachers and counselors and administrators that had tried to make him see it before.

The boys, though, they were bright little things. It’s not like they hadn’t picked up on all of this; they just didn’t give a rat’s ass about any of it because DeanandSam was a fortress unto itself and fuck all who attacked its walls.

But when they saw their Daddy slump when Pastor Jim was talkin’ to him, when they saw that soft shake of shoulders that they never saw on their Daddy ‘cause their Daddy didn’t cry, no sir-ee – when they saw that, they knew what was comin’.

They made the decision on their own to make things easier on their Daddy and they up and remade themselves as Dean and Sam so they’d never see that look of defeat in the line of their Daddy’s shoulders ever again.

Must’ve nearly destroyed those boys to do so, but they loved their Daddy and they were strong little things, no matter what any of those counselors mighta thought.

Next time Bobby saw ‘em, he met Dean and Sam