’s arm and stop him.  “What’s going on?  Why are you hurting, and why didn’t I know about it?”

Cas whirled on him.  “You didn’t know about it because I’ve been doing everything in my power to keep you from finding out about it!  Don’t you think that if there were anything you could do to help, I’d have talked to you, or at least talked to Dean about it?  But no, you knowing about it would only make it worse, because you’d feel guilty about it and it’s not your fault at all.  You can’t help being amazing and everything I’ve ever wanted.”

Sam was stunned.  He had no idea what to say.  Because it sounded like… like what he’d wanted for years but didn’t think he’d ever be able to have was not only a possibility, but a good one.  “Cas?”

“Oh hell.”  Cas pulled his arm free, only to grab hold of Sam’s shirt with both hands.  He pushed Sam backwards into a wall and kissed him.  Just as Sam recovered from the surprise enough to get with the program, Cas pulled away.  “I’m going to go take a shower.  Go to sleep.”

“Cas, wait,” Sam said, but it was too late.  Cas disappeared into the bathroom and shut the door.  Sam thought about just barging in after him, but decided against it - Cas was drunk, they were both tired and angry at their families, and to be perfectly honest, Sam could use the time to readjust his world view and figure out how to handle this.

When Cas wasn’t back out after half an hour, though, Sam got worried.  He knocked at the door.  “Cas?”  No answer, of course.  He tried the knob.  Locked.  That wasn’t a problem.  He and Dean had agreed with Bobby that they wouldn’t hunt, at least until they’d tried to live normal lives first, but on the condition that Bobby teach them the skills they’d need if the monsters didn’t get the memo.  That included picking locks, and this one was easy.

Cas was sitting in the tub, asleep, with the shower running.  Wonderful.  Sam huffed fondly as he shut off the water and hauled his friend up and out of the bathroom.  Usually, it was him that Cas had to take care of after a bender, but there’d been a couple times.  Sam got Cas dry and dressed in pajama pants and put him in the bed.  He texted Dean to call him an asshole and got in bed himself.

 

When Sam woke up in the morning, he was surprised to find Cas already out of bed.  Cas had the day off, and Sam figured he’d sleep in to sleep off the hangover.  It got worse when he went looking for Cas and couldn’t find him anywhere.  And then he found the note.


Sam,
I’m sorry.  I can’t do this anymore.  I’ve been lying to you for years now, and my only excuse is that I’ve been lying to myself just as long.  Last night, with our family, the lies and denial and rationalization I’d built to protect us came crashing down.  I’d say they blew it up, but that’s not exactly fair.  They systematically destroyed every defense I’d put in place.  I could barely hold on sometimes with them in place, and without them, I don’t see any way to keep going and pretending like everything’s fine.  It’s not.
I’ll come by while you’re at work today to get my things.  I’m sorry I made such an ass of myself last night that I can’t at least do this in person.  Sam, I love you.  That’s why I have to leave.
- Cas


Sam’s hand was shaking as he got his phone out.  His first call was to work to tell them he wouldn’t be in that day while he dealt with a family emergency.  Next call was to Cas.  He wasn’t surprised when that one went to voicemail, although he was disappointed.  “Cas, I found your note.  Please, call me.  Talk to me.  I’m not going to let you just walk out on me like this.”

Balthazar was the next on the call list.  “You’re an asshole.  Do you know where Cas is?”

“Lost your boyfriend again already?” Balthazar slurred, acting like he’d just woken up.  It was fake, though.  Good, Sam had guessed right.  “Or is this still, and you’re only now getting around to panic?”

“Screw you, Balthazar.  You and Dean pushed him so hard last night that he’s gone this morning.  As in not coming back.”  Sam hadn’t gone to Stanford for nothing, though.  Between finding the