edge of the Cage, where Castiel recited a quick spell that opened a small hole.  Michael took notice, finally, and flew quickly to the hole.  He howled when he got there.  Castiel turned back.  “Michael, I’m sorry, but you’re too powerful to get through there.  I couldn’t take the risk of Lucifer using my spell to get himself free.”

“Well, he’s not entirely stupid,” Lucifer said as he went to retrieve his brother.  Sam slumped to the floor, a whole new level of despair washing over him.

 

“You know, Sammy, I have to say I’m surprised,” Lucifer said when he started reassembling the body parts he’d pulled out for a game of Operation.  “I really thought Castiel would have noticed something wrong and come back to investigate.”

“Why would he?  I’m up there, as far as he knows,” Sam said.

“Oh, your body is, sure,” Lucifer agreed pleasantly.  “And your mind.  But you don’t think he’d find it weird that you’re willing to accept collateral damage of children?  That he’s not bothering to question you not having any contact with Dean?”

“What are you talking about?” Sam asked.  It was him up there.  Of course he’d have gone straight to Dean!

“Dean has no idea you’re supposed to be topside, and Castiel couldn’t be bothered to fill him in,” Lucifer said.  “Did I ever tell you what happened when I captured him in Carthage?”

“Cas said you captured him and offered him a chance to join you and he told you to go back to Hell,” Sam said.  “No big surprise there.”

“Oh, he didn’t tell me to go back to Hell,” Lucifer said.  “He said he was never joining me, because that would mean letting me have you, and the only way that was happening was over his dead body.  The rage, the determination… I really thought he was in love with you.  Apparently I was wrong, because if he were in love with you, he’d have figured out the trick we played on him by now.”

“And come back, and you weren’t going to let him go a second time,” Sam realized.  “Maybe… maybe he’s just been busy.  I mean, with Michael down here, Heaven’s gotta be a mess right now.”

“Nah, Raphael’s got it under control, I’m sure,” Lucifer said.  “It’s Heaven, not Hell.  Easy as cake to rule.”

 

“Oh, Sammy!”  Lucifer shook Sam out of the unconsciousness he’d been allowed.  “I’m sorry, I meant to let you sleep a little while longer, but there’s news from the outside.  Your brother and Cas finally figured out what’s wrong with you up there!”

“I made Dean promise not to come after me, and he’ll talk Cas out of coming back,” Sam said, with a lot more conviction than he felt.

“I wouldn’t be so sure.  Dean’s all gung-ho about getting your soul out of here, but Cas doesn’t want to.  Cas thinks it’s better this way,” Lucifer said.  “Dean’s trying to work a deal with Death.  It won’t work, there’s no way Dean will make it as Death even for just a day, but bless his heart he’s trying.  Cas tried to talk him out of it.”

“Cas wouldn’t do that, not when it’s his mistake that needs fixing,” Sam said, but he was shaken.  Had Lucifer been right?  Lucifer had promised never to lie to him, claiming he didn’t need to.  Sam had certainly never caught him in a lie.

“I think you mean Dean wouldn’t let Cas pussyfoot around fixing his mistake, but Cas told them he has no idea how Sam’s topside,” Lucifer said smugly.  “Your boyfriend’s lying to you and Dean.  He wants your soul down here for some reason.”

 

Sam’s eyes flew open and he sat up with a huge gasp.  He looked around, taking a moment to realize where he was.  He was in Bobby’s panic room, on the cot he’d spent so much time on dealing with demon blood hallucinations.  He put his hands to his head, trying to focus through all the pain and fear and overload in his brain.  Dean.  He had to get to Dean, and they had to stop Cas from opening Purgatory.

A quick search of himself turned up a note in his pocket.  It was only an address, but somehow, he thought he remembered Dean saying that’s where he’d be.  There was an angel blade lying on the table.  Dean had gone after Cas.

Sam staggered and stumbled as he climbed the steps leading outside, heading for a car he knew where Bobby kept the