In the center of the clearing was an altar.  Marble.  Who the hell went to all the trouble to haul marble into the middle of the freakin’ woods?

Dean counted nine women hanging around the altar.  The leader was easy to identify by the silver circlet she wore.  Other than that, the women were dressed pretty much identically in camo pants and solid T-shirts.  He didn’t see Sam, but there was a tent set up on one edge of the clearing.  Dean tapped Cas’s arm and pointed, indicating that they should try to get around to it.

They hadn’t had time to teach Cas much in the way of the outdoors, but apparently Cas was either a natural at moving silently, or it was a skill he’d honed to a sharp edge during his time as a runaway.  At the edge of the tent, Dean paused to examine it.  From up close, he could see the silhouette of Sam.  He carefully drew his knife and cut a flap in the back of the tent.

No sooner had he pulled it back to go in than Sam was crawling out.  His hands were tied, but other than that, he looked fine.  Dean cut the rope with the knife and helped Sam to his feet.  Once Sam was vertical and Dean was sure he wouldn’t fall back over, he pressed the knife into Sam’s hand.  “What do you think?” he whispered.

“Go back,” Sam whispered back.  “Too many, one’s a witch.”  Made sense to Dean.  They weren’t moving that marble altar very far, not with the new moon in two days, so they could come back when John got there.

 

Back at the motel, they had just closed the door when Sam started the apologies.  “I’m sorry, Dean.  I wasn’t thinking.  You gonna tell Dad?”

“Gotta tell him something for how we know where to find the camp,” Dean said.  “Got a cover story that doesn’t involve us disobeying orders?”

“Blame me,” Cas offered.  “I did a stupid rookie mistake and you two had to come save me.”

Sam shook his head, but he was smiling.  “No way.  We’re trying to protect you from the worst of the danger, remember?  Dad’s wrath definitely counts.  I got nothing, Dean.  I’ll tell him myself when he gets here.”

“You said one of those women was a witch,” Dean said.  “How do you know?”

Sam rolled his eyes.  “I am a hunter, Dean.  I know how to use my eyes and ears.  Most of those women go home and live mostly normal lives.  The witch… she may live here in town, but her shrine and all her spell stuff is out there.  Breanne got in a lot of trouble for bringing me out there two days early.  She’ll probably be in more trouble when they realize I’m gone.”

“Hard to feel bad for the bitch who kidnapped my little brother,” Dean said.  “Why you?  Not that there was much profile to fit, but they hadn’t taken a kid before.”

Sam shrugged.  “I don’t know.  Maybe they don’t get a lot of strangers in town.  Not much out here to come here for.  You got any idea, Cas?  You’re the one who put together the mythology.”

“No.  Artemis is supposed to protect children.  I’m not sure if fifteen would count or not, but it’s still strange that they would go after someone underage.”

“Target of opportunity, then,” Sam said with a shrug.  “Maybe she has some psychic power that told her I’d fall for the flat tire trick.”

“Yeah, about that.  Take your phone, doofus.  I don’t care if you’re going two steps, on a hunt, there is never an excuse to be without your phone.”

 

When John arrived, the three boys had their weapons packed, supper eaten, and were ready to go as soon as they’d brought him up to speed.  “What do you think, Dad?  Think if we gank the witch, the cult breaks up?” Dean asked when he’d finished explaining the situation.

“Well, we’ll have a couple days to see, won’t we,” John said.  “Sammy, explain to me how you happened to get separated from Dean and Cas?”

“Dean was gonna go investigate a lead we’d heard on the radio and thought it’d be good for Cas to go.  Three of us going would just look weird, so I stayed behind to settle in here.  They’d only been gone a few minutes when the woman came to the door.”

“And you answered the door because…?”

Sam looked away from John.  “Because I messed up.  Dean’s already told me off for my stupidity, Dad.  I wasn’t thinking, and while it worked out this time, maybe it