Didn’t believe that it was because Dad said not to come back, not because I was trying to hide that I had a boyfriend.”

“Yeah?  Freshman year, you and me were still talking.  How come I’m just now hearing about Colin?  I heard all about that chick Emily you were dating when we had the blowout.”

Sam bit his lip.  “Because I didn’t want you to kick his ass when I told you how we got together.  And look, even now, you want to hunt him down and kick his ass.  Don’t you?”

“Well, yeah, I’m your big brother and that’s what I do.”  Dean sat back, arms folded across his chest.  “What did you mean earlier, things I didn’t know about you and didn’t want to?  Because all I got is either that you experimented with drugs while you were in college, or you had a boyfriend.  Which is it?”

“Dean, you’d have been disappointed in me if I didn’t try drugs at least once in college,” Sam said.

“So it’s the boyfriend.”  Sam didn’t answer.  “Well, I learned something about you I didn’t want to know, all right.  You think I’d think less of you for having a boyfriend?”

“Dad would!” Sam argued.  “And you follow his lead on everything!”

“Dad would be okay with it!” Dean shouted.  “I know this for a fact, because he’s really bad about walking in on me at the worst possible times, and the reaction is exactly the same if I’m with a dude as it is when I’m with a chick!  And even if he weren’t, I’m not him.  I don’t care what makes you happy, as long as you are.”

Sam gaped at Dean.  “When I was seventeen, on a hunt, one of the witnesses we needed to talk to was a cute gay boy, so I flirted with him so he’d talk to me about what he saw.  Dad hit me afterwards, said not to ever let him catch me doing something like that again!  He may not have had a problem with you liking guys, but he did with me!”

“Dad hit you?”

Sam scoffed.  “He hit you all the time when he thought you deserved it.  I just figured he decided I was old enough to throw punches at too.”

“I’m not you!  I didn’t have someone to protect me, but you did!”  Dean ran a hand over his face.  “Why didn’t you tell me?”

“What was I supposed to say?  I’d stopped running to you crying when bullies hit me a long time before that.  Why should Dad be different?”

“Because he’s Dad.”

“And?”  Dean wasn’t stupid.  He knew what their father was like.  Sam honestly didn’t get the problem Dean was having here.

“And he’s supposed to protect you!”  Dean slammed the first aid supplies back into the duffel with considerably more force than was strictly necessary.

“He’s supposed to protect you, too, Dean.  He didn’t do a great job at that, either.”

“So why’d you come with me to Jericho?  You should’ve…”  Dean cut off, shaking his head.  “I shouldn’t have asked you to come.”

“I did tell you no, remember?” Sam said, quiet now instead of shouting.  “But then you made it about you instead of Dad.  You didn’t need my help, but you wanted it.  You wanted me to come with you.”

“And that made a difference?  Really?”

“Yes!”  Sam got to his feet.  “Leaving was never about leaving you.  I didn’t want to do that.  I wanted you with me.  When we do find Dad, I’m hoping like hell you’ll tell him to deal with the fact that we’re back in each other’s lives and it’s gonna be that way even after I get revenge for Jessica and Mom.”

“What happens then?”

“Depends how long it takes.  We find Dad and the thing that killed Mom and Jess soon?  I’m going back to school.  Finishing my degree.”  Sam turned away from Dean.  “But I tried the normal life, and all it did was end up with an innocent girl dead and me right back here.  I don’t know what’s gonna happen when we find Dad, but… you and me?  This is way better than I remembered it being.”

“Dad said he’d meant to send us off when he could send us off together.  I’m not sure what he was waiting for over the summer, maybe he just couldn’t bring himself to actually let us go, but he’s gone and we’re doing fine.  Dad and I were mostly