now he was doing everything he could to get you to comply. 

You felt horrible. So many people died, just because you let Lucifer in. So many horrible things happened because you couldn't keep it together. You hadn't thought about it. If you could go back, you would slap some common sense into yourself.

Lucifers methods have gotten more radical lately. He would force you to write 'I love you' all over a wall in blood, or told you about how the two of you would be the only ones left after he was done. 

And it was so hard sharing a mind. He could hear your thoughts every moment of the day, could tell exactly what you were feeling. And yet, you kept yourself from thinking about him, kept your feelings full of hatred, guilt and sadness. Because honestly, that was all you could do.

Lucifer sat in a room. It was quiet, but for once he didn't want to hear shouts of agony. Your voice wasn't there, hadn't been for such a long time, and he found himself missing you. He reached out for you in your shared mind, finding you in one of your earliest memories. 

Your face was blank as you watched the scene play out in front of you. It was you, your mother and father riding in a car together. You were happily chirping a song with your mother, your dad only smiled. Lucifer found jealousy invade his heart, but pushed the feeling away. He didn't need you to know that. 

Lucifer sat down besides you. He tried thinking of a conversation starter, but came up with nothing. 

"What will it take to get you to talk to me?" As expected, you didn't answer.

But he could feel it. Raging anger, at him, at yourself. Drowning sadness for all the people that died because of you. And with your feelings mixing with his, he knew what to do. 

He landed in a room, the lights out. Quietly, he walked around, from bed to bed. You weren't watching, he knew, but he hoped you noticed. He lac his hand over another childs forehead. 

"Excuse me, miss? What are you doing in here?", a small voice asked. Lucifer turned around, seeing the young boy sitting upright in his bed. Lucifer smiled, feeling your confusion and a strange warmth in his grace. "You'll see in the morning.", he told the little guy, walking over and putting two fingers onto his forehead. Firstly, he healed him of whatever disease he had. Secondly, he put him sound asleep, making him forget the encounter.

"What... what are you doing?", you asked Lucifer in your mind, breaking your vow to silence for the first time in months. 

"Helping. Healing.", Lucifer whispered, the warmth in his grace slowly but surely also warming the vessel.

He was gone. Had been for some time now. He only told you he needed to take care of something, and that he didn't want to involve you. To say you were worried was an understatement. 

Lucifer really did change. You could feel it in his aura - his grace - in the way he talked and felt. While he was in your body, you felt exactly what he felt. And you knew he loved you, as much as he knew you had grown to love him as well. 

With each passing day, your worries grew. You hoped, prayed, that Lucifer would come back alive and well, and that he would put the things from his past behind him to face the future with you. 

Time flew by, and soon it was a year since you last saw the fallen archangel. You had given up hope to see him again, had grown accustomed to the thought of never telling him you loved him. 

Soft shaking awoke you from your uneasy slumber. You had grown so familiar with Lucifers grace, that you felt it even with a sleep-driven mind. You looked up, chest aching, staring into a face unknown to you. Normally, he didn't have a face in your dreams. Maybe it was his grace still lingering in your body, but usually, it was just his voice, angelic and perfect, that accompanied this feeling. 

"Why?", you whispered out, voice rough from sleep. "Why must you torment me like this?"

The illusions face twisted into a pained grimace, foreign eyes roaming over your face. 

Your body had grown weak after Lucifer left, your skin sunken in and sickly pale. Your bones were prodding at the skin, seemingly wanting to break free from the confines of your body. 

A warm hand cupped your cheek, and you silently cursed how real it felt. How right. Tears welled up in your eyes.

"What have I done to you? You were... are perfect, a soul so untainted and free of worry... and I... I ruined you. I am... so sorry, my love..."

His words felt familiar, even though you never heard