’t it be Dean?”

“I rather expected it would happen then,” Castiel admitted.  “But apparently, God thought you were the one who truly needs me.”

“I don’t… I really don’t get this,” Sam said.  “So, God gave you an order to watch over me, even above humanity?”

“When God created me, he made this a part of me.  Until I met you, it was dormant.  I didn't know it was there, even.”

“But what exactly does this mean?  What… what happens when an angel bonds to a human?”

“For you, it means that I will never be more than a prayer away.  If you call to me, I will come as soon as I can.  If you’re dying, I’ll know and come try to save you.  Things I’m not allowed to do for other humans, I can for you.”

“What about for you?”

“It means that I have a purpose and the things that were considered my failings as an angel are part of me for a reason.  It means that the questions, the doubts I had about my mission here, were well-founded and not blasphemy or the gateway to a fall.  It means that my allegiance has changed.  Unless you object, I will continue to serve in my garrison, doing tasks for Heaven and the higher angels, but anything I have to do for you comes first.”

“So, what, if I give you an order you have to obey?”

Castiel nodded.  “Depending on how you give the order, I can argue, try to change your mind, get creative about how I fulfill the order, but outright disobedience would require you to order me to do something so against my nature or the will of God  that breaking my devotion to you is the less objectionable choice.”

Sam bit his lip, staring at the ground.  “I’m sorry.”

“For what?”

“You shouldn’t have to…”

Castiel got it, and it made him smile.  “Sam, I wanted this.  Not you specifically, necessarily, but from the time I was created, I’ve wanted to be called to a human’s service.  I have faith that God chose you because you are worthy.  Angels were created to serve humans.  To prepare the way for them, and to guide them.  When humans were new and we walked among them, I would watch my brothers and sisters called into service and ask my Father to let me be among those called.  After the drowning of the Nephilim, we weren’t among humans as much, and eventually we were ordered to stay off Earth altogether unless we had specific business here.  I figured I would never have the chance.”

“Huh.  So it doesn’t bother you to be … whatever you call this … to me, because at least you got your chance?”

“It doesn’t bother me to be bonded to you because I’ve seen this bond before, and I have faith that my Father chose equally well here.  What was done to you by Azazel doesn’t bother me.  What you were doing with Ruby does, but you’ve stopped, and one way I can be of use to you is to help you resist the temptation to return to that path.  You’re human, you’ll make mistakes.  I’m not… I’m not explaining this very well, I don’t think.  I have been called to serve you.  That can take many forms.  You don’t seem the type to want a minion or a slave.  Which is good, because I’m terrible at being a minion.  I won’t follow your orders without question because I have to.  If you give me an order I don’t like, I will question it.  In the end, I will likely obey, just as you often ended up obeying your father after the shouting was over, even if you still disagreed.  But the intent is not for you to be my commander or taskmaster, but for me to be someone you can call on when you need help, or someone to talk to, or something like that.  Often, though not always, the angel and human ended up becoming nearly inseparable.”

“You don’t even like me,” Sam protested.

“I don’t know you.  I know what I was taught in Heaven when I was chosen to retrieve Dean, and what I saw watching you over the last six months, which you have to admit were not you at your best.”

Sam huffed, but he was almost smiling.  “No, I guess that’s fair.”

“But I also know that you were the boy who a righteous man loved so much he sold his soul to Hell for you.  And, even after his experiences there, would do it again without a second thought.  I know that I couldn’t look you in the eyes and claim that smiting the town was just, because you were absolutely right.  I