would have taken his time and asked you.

"You don't have a choice." Cas said plainly before he began to undo his pants letting them fall to the floor before advancing on you completely naked his black wings stretched out slightly.

"Please Cas. I'm not ready for this." You sob feeling trapped with this mad Angel.

"You were ready for that piece of shit man to take you over his bike." He growled his lips going up into a snarl.

"I wasn't going to let him. I was about to fight him I swear." You say as Castiel grabs your arm pulling you close to his naked body. His wings wrapped around you pushing you closer. You could see them now fully the mate thing giving you some access to his angelic powers.

"He was thinking so many filthy thoughts about you. I couldn't just watch him have his way with my queen." Cas said before he easily ripped your bra in half tearing it from your body to do the same with your jeans quickly getting you naked and ready for him.

"I'm not yours." You protest for the last time. Cas grabbed your tights lifting them around his hips before dropping both of you to the grown. It wasn't uncomfortable though his wings had wrapped around you both almost cradling you off the ground. Your legs were forced around his hips letting his already hard member hit your virgin lower lips.



"Your have always been mine." Castiel growled his finger parting your pussy lips. 

"Caass." You moan out feeling more sudden pleasure from your bite mark. His touch was setting your skin on fire. Your legs naturally widened around his hips. He moaned pushing two fingers inside of you before his body tensed.

"Why didn't you tell me you loved me?" He whispered softly into your ear before pushing his fingers deeper.

"You never showed interest so I assumed you just thought of me as a friend. I'm over you Cas. Get off me!" You suddenly growl a surge of anger making your heart throb in pain. The anger was soon extinguished by pleasure forced from Castiel's bite mark.

"Your mine." He growled his force seeming to fill the room as his finger filled your empty pussy.

"Stop." You say again half hearted the pleasure taking over until he pulled away. Then quickly his finger were replaced by a hard penis pushing against your entrance. 

"I own every part of you forever my queen." He whisper pushing inside of you. You moaned arching into his body as he pushed passed your virginity. Your bite pulsing intime with your clits while he slides passed your sweet spot.

"Castiel." You groan wrapping your legs higher on his body. He moved slowly pulling out before going back in. You grunt low in your chest with every deep push on your cervix.

"Your so perfect." He whispers starting to move faster his winger seeming to ruffle the more strength he uses. 



"Stop! I don't love you anymore." You cry tears running down your face as your release nears exploding. He felt like he as built to be inside of you, like he always thought he would. But he wa a powers crazed man now. He had just killed someone before forcefully claiming you. The bite pulses again making you moan out in bliss.

"I don't care if you love me. Your never leaving this place. Your my queen my mate." He growled pumping deeper drawing out your loud groans. He penis began to throb inside of you. Stretching you wider until he gasped.



Your walls clenched around him making his seed directly shoot inside your womb. You tense again trying to push him off thinking he was done with you now. 

Maybe he would just leave you alone to cry yourself to sleep. Instead he started to hump you again.



"You already came?" You say with slight panic feel your bite send more pleasure through you.



"I plan to cum many more times before I put you to bed." He said plainly his wings seeming to shine in the dim light. 



"I don't want this. Please stop." You beg your walls unnaturally throbbing around the angel incredibly hard shaft.



"Your mind to enjoy as I please. Forever." The last word was a whisper as more forced pleasure shot through you. 



The next 2 hours were just lust hard and fast any way Castiel could fuck you on that floor his wings surrounding us. When he as tired his wings lifted high tucking close to his body. Then he carefully lifted you into his arms teleporting you to a bedroom with white walls. The bed in the had dark grey sheets. He laid you down in the middle before disappearing with out a word.



You look around the room weakly seeing no door and realizing your legs were to numb to even carry you. You passed out thinking of Castiel and the new brutal side of him.

2 months later Castiel has kept you in heaven popping in and out as he pleased. He would only talk to you when he wanted you in bed. Making you feel even more worthless then