.  “Mom doesn’t know any of this, and Dean knows about it but I don’t think he gets it really.”

“Dean understands nightmares.  He’s been through his own fair share of them, Sam.  He’s still not sleeping well for seeing himself with black eyes, or the things he did or nearly did to you under the Mark’s influence.”  Castiel ran a hand over Sam’s hair.  “I assume what you went through in that basement is bringing back old memories, worse than just Lucifer being free would warrant?”

“I’m not worried about Lucifer.  You’ve got my back there, you and Dean both.  Right now my biggest worry about Lucifer is warning Mom about him without making her feel even more guilty about everything.”

Cas shook his head.  That was so Sam.  “Would telling me about it help?”

Sam sighed.  “Probably.  It’s just… it’s gonna be hard, you know?  What they did to me, it’s weak sauce compared to what I’ve been through with Lucifer and Zachariah and others.”

“On the other hand, Lucifer and Zachariah are awful, supernatural beings who were trying to destroy humans.  Toni and her friends are humans, and should be on your side.  That makes a difference.”

“Yeah, I know.”  Sam buried his face in Cas’s chest.  “For all I laughed at them and played it off, you know what they started with?  A cold shower.  So the entire time they were torturing me in other ways, even when they blowtorched my foot… I was freezing.”

“I’m not sure whether they’re very lucky or very thorough in their research.”  Cas used his grace to warm himself up.  “Since Amara pulled Lucifer from me, I’ve been keeping myself at a higher temperature than normal.  I’ve deliberately run a fever ever since.  It’s not good for me, but I need to do it right now.”

Sam lifted his head, and Cas could see the amusement.  “So that’s why you feel so good right now.  Thanks for letting me get away with this, by the way.”  Cas looked at him curiously.  Get away with what?  “Having you here while I sleep… you’ve got so much more important shit to be doing right now, but you never left me.”

“Of course not.  I’m not going to leave you until I know you’re actually doing better.”

“I know.  You’re always here for me.”  Sam fell silent, holding tight to Cas.  “She gave me things.  Made me hallucinate.  Put me in altered forms of reality.  I thought I was done with those, but apparently, I wasn’t done enough.”

“Good or bad?”

“Both.  I mean, at the time… it felt good.  It was nice.  I was happy, and I was warm, and I was…”  Sam squeezed his eyes shut, turning away from Cas.  “I was in bed.  With Toni.  We were… you know.  It wasn’t like this, it was…”

“Oh, Sam.”  Cas brought his other arm up and held Sam close.  “I’m so sorry.  That’s not on you.  It’s not your fault.  Please don’t let her make you think you are at all responsible for it.”

“But… I liked it.  And afterwards, after I realized what was going on and ended the spell… she taunted me with that.  That I’d enjoyed it and it was good for me.”

“It being good for you was no more real than any other part of the hallucination.  Especially if there was spellwork involved.  You were ashamed afterwards, when you realized you’d been tricked?”  Sam nodded.  “Then it wasn’t good for you.  You’re not at fault any more than any other victim of sexual assault.”

“I know.  I know that, I do.  But it doesn’t help, really.  Telling myself that doesn’t help.  You saying it… that does, because what you think of me matters.”

“I’m glad to hear that, but it makes it sound like what you think of you doesn’t matter.”  Castiel turned Sam’s face back toward him.  “Sam, your mother and Dean and I all love you, but we can’t be the only ones.  You need to love yourself, too.  You’re worthy of it.  If Sam Winchester isn’t worthy of Sam’s love, how can anyone else hope to be?”

Sam picked his head up a little and raised an eyebrow.  “Cas, you know I love you, right?”

That was certainly a complicated question, and one that Castiel wasn’t sure he wanted to get into.  Not now.  Not when Sam needed him so badly.  “Dean gave me the family speech.”

Sam rolled his eyes.  “Again?  Maybe