making you giggle lightly.

“My name is Castiel.” He said with little fluctuation in his words. You lead the way awkwardly walking close to the stranger. 

“So, what do you do for a living?” You ask playing with your sleeves nervous. He looked down at you silent for a moment. 

“To be honest it is complicated.  I am in between jobs right now trying to figure out where I fit in.” Castiel said honestly making you like him a little more. He looked forwards just watching the people passing by on the other side of the street. 

“Do you want me to buy it or the other way around?” You asked biting your lower lip. Castiel turned to answer, but he zoned in on your lip and how soft your lips looked.  He blinked remember you had asked something. 

“I will pay. I did ask you out after all. My friend says the first one to make the move has to pay for the date.” Castiel smile looking at your lips again with a gulp. You nodded letting your lip go to think about what else to talk about. 

“I think that’s pretty good advice. My friends all just talk about makeup and clothes. They never give me good advice about anything, except this date I mean! They said I should come and you’re really nice to talk too.” You blabber your cheeks turning red the more you talked. Castiel chuckles light touching your arm with his finger. You gasped looking at where his hand was touching you before you moved slightly away your face burning. 

“The shop is right up here. Could you get me an orange Scooby do push pop?” You ask Castiel watching his face turn confused.

“Who is Scooby Do?” He was serious making you laugh out loud drawing attention from other people.

“From the TV show.” You say wiping tears away from your eyes. He still looked confused making you giggle again.

“You know with Daphne and Freddie?” You say pulling up a picture of the cartoon on your phone showing him what you were talking about. He looked at the photo with the same knitted eyebrows and confused sideways.

“I still do not know what TV show you speak of, but I will get you the orange ice cream with the dog.” Castiel said as you get to the front door of the store. You waited outside while he went to get the snacks. When he came back he handed you a bag with two of the push pops you wanted while Castiel had two kings sized crunch bars in each hand. 

“What happened to ice cream?” You chuckled licking the cold smooth ice cream.

“I couldn’t stop looking at these instead. Would you like to walk a little longer? I enjoyed hearing about Scooby Do.” Castiel said leading you down a random street as you both ate with the sun setting behind you. By the time you were done with both push pop’s the street lights had come one and you were alone on the sidewalk with Castiel. You stop near the coffee shop going into an alley that had boxes along the wall for you to sit on. Castiel was looking at you weird with an intense gaze never leaving your eyes and lips.

“My friend told me about an activity I would like to invite you to try with me.” Castiel said suddenly scooting closer to you. You blushed looking up at him a littler nervous. 

“What activity was it?” You ask as Castiel leans even closer setting a hand next to your leg.

“It was called sex. Do you know about it?” Castiel asks his knee touching yours suddenly. You stood up making your stomach flip.

“I know about sex, but I don’t think I’m ready for it.” You say leaning against the right wall looking down towards the empty street. Castiel stood in front of you looking down at you with soft eyes. 

“Could I kiss you then?” Castiel asked so sweetly you looked up at him biting your lip. You study his light pink lips and dark 5 o’clock shadow making butterflies fill your stomach. You nod yes gasped with Castiel advanced quickly cupping your cheek with his left hand. His lips were soft against yours slowly moving with you. You moaned lightly letting your hands touch his warm solid chest. You felt his right-hand touch the dip of your waist for a second before moving up to squeeze your ribs lightly. You tense feeling his hand so close to your breast making you nervous again. Castiel was gently rubbing his thumb across your cheek his lips still pushing and moving with yours. His hand went higher cupping your right breast lightly. You tried to pull back from him, but you were snug up against the wall and Castiel.
You tried to scream, but it came out as a moan. Castiel squeezed a little harder moving his left hand down to cup the other one as well. You scream louder while Castiel just pressed further into you his lips parting yours to insert his tongue. His hands moved to cup your butt allowing him to shove his chest into yours pushing you harder into the wall. You grunted in pain