. Dean was behind you in one of the bunkers cars, he was calling you.

You picked up, "What!?"

Dean growled, "Turn back around right now Y/N."

You tsked and sped up, "No fuck you Dean."

"Y/N I swear to go-" You didn't see it coming, neither did Dean.

One second you were going through a intersection then time seemed to slow.

You heard Dean screaming your name on the phone.

You heard the trucks horn.

Your body slammed into the middle counsel, head smacking into the wheel.

The windshield shattered, causing glass to scrap your face, chest, and arms.

The phone that you were talking to Dean on was flown from your hand, landing on the floor of the passenger side, Dean screaming from it.

You screamed out in pain when your leg was crushed  between the door that was getting bent in and the seat.

It felt like forever when the Impala finally stopped getting pushed to the side and you were barely conscious.

You heard the sirens and you heard your name being shouted but you couldn't connect who was calling you. You could barely keep your eyes open.

~Dean's POV~

Dean saw the Impala get slammed into from the driver's side and heard you cry out in pain. To him it felt like centuries until the impala stopped to a halt.

I had already slammed on his brakes and gotten out of the car and was running towards the impala by time the drunk driver even understood what he did.

"Y/N! Oh god please be alright."

I rounded to the drivers side and you were barely awake. Your leg was crushed between the door.

I pried open the door, the pressure allieving from your leg made you cry out.

I took your face in my hands, "Hey hey baby, stay awake for me. You need to stay awake, don't fall asleep." Though I could see she was losing the battle to stay awake.

'D-Dean.... I-I'm... Sorry."

I stared at her like she was crazy, tears welling in my eyes, "There's nothing for you to be sorry for. I should be saying that sweetheart, god I'm so sorry."

Her eyes slid closed as I was pulled away from her by a paramedic.

~Normal POV~

You woke up and the first thing you noticed was the throbbing in your head, then you noticed all the beeps.

You faintly heard someone whispering to you, you couldn't pick up who it was though.

"Relax sweetheart. Their putting you back under. You'll feel better when you wake up again. I'll be right by your side when you do wake. I love you..."

~~~~~~~~~~

The doctor turned to Dean, "She is very lucky that she only has a concussion, broken leg, and some cuts and bruises. The crash could have caused some serious problems. Though, we want keep watch on her to see how severe the concussion is. She does not have any internal bleeding so that is good, we will see how she reacts when she wakes up."

Dean nodded and took your hand, "Thanks doc."

The doctor nodded and quietly excused himself.

The door was opened next by Sam coming in. He walked in and sat on the other side of your bed. Dean didn't even bother looking at him, just kept staring at you.

"You know it's not your fault right? She isn't going to blame you and you shouldn't either."

Dean gave Sam a hard look, "I'm the one who caused her to go out and drive in the first place Sam."

Sam nodded his head and gave a thoughtful look, "Yes but you weren't the one who hit her. She initially had the foresight to get in the car. If you want to blame it on anyone then blame the bastard who hit her, not yourself."

Dean just stared at your figure, clenching his jaw.

~~~~~~~~~~~

You woke up and when you opened your eyes the lights hurt, they hurt a lot.

You groaned. You felt your hand get squeezed and you turned and squinted at the source.

"Hey sweetheart, the doctor will be here in a minute to take a read on your concuss state."

You squeezed your eyes shut, "What happened?"

Dean sighed and squeezed your hand, "I'll tell you later."

The doctor came in then, "Glad to see you awake Ms. L/N. Now I'm going to do some tests to see how severe your concussion is okay?"

You nodded.

"Okay. I want you to open my eyes and tell me how the light feels."

You opened your eyes and groaned, shutting them right after.

"It hurts. A lot."

The doctor nodded and wrote down things in his book, "Okay. Now tell me what do you remember of the past 24 hours?"

You thought about that for a minute, "All I remember is waking up and fighting with