until you can come back to us.  Me and Dean, we care about you.”

A brilliant white light came from the cabin.  As the glow slowly dimmed, Anna – Anael, now – walked out.  “It’s safe.  You can come back.”

Dean was the first to go.  “Well, you still look like Anna,” he joked.

“I would prefer that you continue to call me Anna,” the angel said.  “I chose to fall rather than remain Anael, and I’m choosing rebellion over going back to the rules.”  She reached out to Dean, pulling him down into a kiss.  “You have been forgiven, Dean.  You should forgive yourself.”  She went to Ruby, kissing her as well.  “Consider carefully what you want, Ruby.  You’re worth far more than you think and far less than you’ve been told.”  She disappeared.

Dean blinked.  “Okay, the demon gets advice and a kiss and the guy who actually saved her ass gets nothing?  Guess she’s…”

He cut off as Anna reappeared, Castiel in her arms.  “Sam, I can’t stay with you long, it’s not safe, but I can show you what needs to be done for him.”  She hesitated.  “Just how close are you two?”

“Uh… we’re friends?”  Sam took a moment to try to figure out how to explain.  “He’s my guardian, mine and Dean’s, and when I’ve got his wings mucking with my dreams they’re good.”

“You’ve slept under his wings?” Anna asked, seeming pleased.

“I was having nightmares bad enough that I was apparently calling out for him in my sleep.  If he stays near me, the nightmares don’t come.  With his wings injured…”

“Oh.”  Anna glanced between Cas and Sam.  “Have you ever actually seen his wings?”

“He showed me, maybe,” Dean said as Sam shook his head.  “Although it was probably just shadows or something.”

“Hmm.  That complicates matters.”  Anna looked down at Castiel.  “Where should I take him?”

“Here’s fine, just get him to one of the beds,” Dean said.  “He’s gonna wake up, right?”

“In a day or two,” Anna said reassuringly.  “At which point he’ll be insisting that he needs to return to Heaven to report in.  If he goes, it will likely be several days before he can come back.  Try to keep him here.”

Sam watched as Anna lay him down on the nearest bed.  “Wouldn’t he be better off in Heaven?  There have to be healers or something, at least better than what Dean and I can scrape up.”

“If this were Uriel, or just about any other angel I know, I’d have taken him straight there,” Anna said, face clouded with indecision and uncertainty.  “But Castiel is better off here.  He should never have been chosen for this assignment.”

Dean bristled.  “Why not?  He’s been doing a great job.  If this is about Sam, he made the right call.”

“He made the only call he ever would,” Anna corrected.  “I fear that Castiel will end up falling or rebelling because of being assigned this mission.  I can feel his doubts already, and he’s left the path of the cold-hearted soldier.  His emotions will overcome him.  He always did have more heart than was good for him.”

“Still not understanding why you didn’t take Cas to Heaven and healing…” Dean prompted.

Anna sighed.  “Well, for one, I thought Sam would be able to do more for him than he can.  Even so, with him is the best place for him to be.  If he were in Heaven, he’d require constant guarding to keep him from coming down to you two, especially if those nightmares came back to make you call, Sam.”

“What do you mean?  What can’t I do for him that you thought I could?” Sam asked, sitting beside Cas and taking his hand.

“His wings are where the worst of his injuries are.  I’ll be able to do a little with my grace, before I have to run, but if you’d been able I could have done more," Anna said.

Sam didn't understand.  “And I can’t because…”

“Because you can’t treat what you can’t see, and if Castiel hasn’t let you in that way already, it’s not my place to force it.  Although I do question what he’s waiting for.”  Anna sighed again.  “The only reason I’m willing to risk as much as I am is that he used to be mine.  Just before I fell, I gave him to Rebecca.”

“Gave him…”  Sam had to be misunderstanding.  “What did he think of that?”

“He knew what I was planning.  He was the only