exact tone Castiel was trying to keep out of his own voice right now, but Dean couldn't be talking about…

He stole a glance down below Dean's waist, and a smirk crept across his lips before he could stop it. Oh, yes, that was exactly what Dean was talking about, and this was one problem he needed no angelic abilities to solve.

"Who said you were bothering me?" Castiel asked, slowly moving closer to Dean and tugging him by the arm until they were chest-to-chest. He didn't miss the catch in the hunter's breath when their bodies touched, and he decided to use that to his advantage. "What if I want exactly what you want? You ever think of that?" Now he was grinding his hips against Dean's, feeling himself growing hard as he lazily rubbed against the hunter's erection.

"Fuck, Cas, I can't," Dean groaned, weakly pushing against him but not actually going anywhere.

"Yeah? Why not?" Castiel was barely paying attention, too busy trying and failing to unbuckle Dean's belt with only one hand while the other kept a grip on his arm.

"I don't know. I just… can't, okay?" he asked breathlessly.

"Bullshit," Cas said, standing up straight and wrapping his arms around Dean's neck and shoulders. "Stop punishing yourself for things you can't control, Dean, and do what you want." He placed a tiny kiss at the corner of Dean's mouth. "You –" a kiss on the nose, "deserve to be –" and one on the cheek, "happy."

When Dean still didn't say anything, Castiel growled and pulled him down into a rough kiss, shoving their lips together so fast that their teeth scraped together painfully. Dean gasped at the unpleasant feeling and Cas's tongue immediately darted into his mouth, tangling with Dean's and tasting the slight bitterness of the beer still lingering on his breath. His hands dropped from Dean's shoulders to his ass, squeezing hard and pulling their bodies even closer together. Dean moaned into his mouth and Castiel smiled, drawing back just enough to take the hunter's bottom lip between his teeth and give it a gentle tug, sucking on it while the two of them backed up toward the bed.

They fell together onto the mattress, Cas pulling out of his baggy pants and shirt while Dean kicked his boots off and started trying to unbuckle his belt. His hands shook so badly he couldn't get a grip on it, and Castiel impatiently moved his fingers out of the way, unfastening the leather strap himself and tossing it unceremoniously to the floor with Dean's T-shirt right behind.

Now free of all but his boxers, Dean rolled over and pinned Cas down on his back, leaning down so he could kiss and suck the ex-angel's lips. He slowly worked his way down, trailing his tongue over Cas's neck and jaw and leaving long, shiny streaks behind. Castiel's hands gripped Dean's head, and he nuzzled and played with Dean's hair while the hunter worked his way down to his nipples, slowly licking and biting them and forcing a strange-sounding squeak of pleasure from Cas's throat each time he did. Cas quickly slid his hand beneath the waistband of Dean's boxers, one finger trailing lightly down his length, and the hunter bucked his hips downward and grunted in surprise.

"I knew… you wanted it…" Cas rasped, nibbling on Dean's earlobe and laying one palm on his chest to feel how fast his heart was beating.

"Yeah, I do," he growled, teeth bared hungrily as he stared at Cas's body, shiny with sweat and trembling with want beneath him. "I wanna fuck you into the mattress right now, Cas."

"Well what are you waiting for then? I'm sure not complaining." Cas reached over to the nightstand while Dean pulled off both their boxers, handing over the bottle of cherry scented lube and watching while he quickly slicked his fingers with it. He put up no resistance when Dean rolled him over onto his belly, one hand prying his legs apart while the other rested on the back of his thigh. He squirmed and gasped when he felt the first finger enter him, and Dean stopped short.

"What's wrong? Am I hurting you?"

"No," Cas grunted, fingers twisted in the sheets in front of him. "It's good. It's just been a while."

Dean nodded, sliding his finger all the way in and then following it with a second, curling and flexing them to stretch him out. Cas was panting now, shivering with pleasure as Dean's fingers moved within a hair's-breadth of his prostate without actually touching it. He felt a familiar heat pooling in his belly, and he knew they needed to move things along; if this kept up, he would be completely spent before Dean really