club that no one, not even its many patrons, wanted others to know they frequented. It was one whispered about but never brought up in polite conversation. Obviously, not one a good kid like Inias should be showing up at but there he was approaching the bar looking completely out of place.

             “Inias, please.” Balthazar brought his drink closer to him unconsciously.“This isn’t your scene.”

             “I just want to be close to you.” Inias told him as he found his way to an unoccupied seat next to him.

             “Don’t be creepy.” Balthazar couldn’t help but think the boy was sounding a tad bit stalkerish at the moment. He was not in the mood to have some crazy complication ruin his night. Inias seemed to be taking clingy to a whole new level.

             It seemed like the young man was realizing how strange his actions probably seemed. Perhaps he was thinking back on what he had previously said and how clingy he had been. It didn’t really matter to Balthazar what he thought about himself but he hoped the boy realized that this route wasn’t helping. It wasn’t like following the object of your affections around was going to make them suddenly turn to you; it was more of a turn off than anything else.

             “Balthazar, please.” Inias looked defeated but he wasn’t admitting any of it. He was still pleading like he had that morning. When would he realize that this was futile? “Just let me try and court you. Go on a few dates with me. If you don’t like me then, I’ll stop.”

              He had no idea if there was any truth to his words but if there was a chance he could get him to back off, he probably should take it. If not he risked Inias chasing him around relentlessly until he went insane. He was sure that was bound to happen seeing Inias was not intimidated by his surroundings. He came to Balthazar with a mission. He was right that morning; he was strong and that was the problem.

              “A few dates.” No. If he said a few dates, Inias would just hound him for more. There was no set number and it would be easy to complain that there wasn’t enough. If Balthazar was going to be rid of him, he’d have to give him a number. “Alright. Three.”

             “Three. Right.” Inias didn’t seem to mind that number. In fact, he seemed very pleased with it as if it was all he needed. The youth had such confidence. “Thank you.”

             He left immediately after the deal which was no surprise to Balthazar. Of course, Inias wouldn’t last in this club; he really didn’t see why he came in the first place. Love was apparently a horrible poison that caused people to become complete idiots; Balthazar wanted none of that. Hopefully, he could prove to Inias how incompatible they were during their dates and Inias would choose to leave first. That would be ideal.

             “You going to go on a date, Balth?” A beautiful drag-queen asked sliding in the chair next to him. “ You sure you want to do that? After all that drama before?”

             “If it will stop him from badgering me, I’ll humor him a bit.”

             “Aren’t you afraid it will just make it worse?”

             It could make it worse; Balthazar had entertained the thought but what other choice did he have. Besides, if Inias was a creepy stalker it really didn’t matter what he did in the end. He doubted the boy was capable of that level of clingy-ness but he has been wrong before. There could be some hidden issues he never bothered to find out about.

             It didn’t matter at the moment. He was sure it would matter later but what was done was done and there was no way to change the past. He would love to sometimes. It would be great just to be able to go back into the past and change all the things he didn’t like. However, the cruel reality was that there was no way to do such a thing and he had already agreed. Hopefully, he could convince Inias to give up on him during these dates.

             He returned to work no less worried but he knew he no longer had to hide in his office. Today, Charlie was going to get acquainted with the morning shift and meet Benny for the first time. She would be taking his place as the extra help provided for Castiel and Benny. Charlie was amazing at her job and everyone loved her. Even if one of them were absent, he was sure she could handle the extra load easily.

             When he entered the store, it was only Benny preparing inside. He was slowly taking down the chairs from on top of the tables and wiping everything down. At least, Benny always came early to set up. He always took his job seriously and that was something Balthazar was glad about. It would be horrible to have another Ruby working under him. Charlie was