it wouldn’t be about not trusting you or not being comfortable with you.  It would’ve been about not making you uncomfortable.”

“I know.  Which is why I’m glad you said yes.  It’s okay to prioritize your own preferences once in a while, Sam.  I know you’re going out of your way not to need too much, but I really don’t mind.  Just having your company has made this hunt so much better, and your assistance has been well worth any hassle.”

“Cas, you don’t…”

“I mean what I’m saying, Sam.  I’m… something about you makes me want to take care of you.  Not just because I have to.  I want to.  I know you don’t need someone to look after you, you’re perfectly capable of doing it yourself.  And that part of your frustration with Dean is that he insists on taking care of you instead of trusting you…”

“Not exactly."  Sam thought for a minute about how to clarify his problems with Dean.  "More that Dean doesn’t listen to me, doesn’t let me challenge him when he decides something without even talking to me.  He puts too much emphasis on the little and not enough on the brother.”

“I see.  Angels, naturally, that’s how we’re created.  But I’m here because I stopped accepting that.  I know the frustration of trying to convince someone that they’re wrong when they’re convinced they’re right.”

Sam smiled.  “Trying to convince the bosses to trust Dean?”

“Trying to convince them to trust you.”  Castiel stroked Sam’s hair again.  “I wanted to be allowed to do more for you, to try to give you an option other than Ruby for someone to trust and to help you adjust to Dean being back, but being different.”

“Guess we know why you weren’t allowed.  But you really tried?”

“Zachariah was very close to putting me in my own version of Sandover, to remind me of the necessity of obedience.  When I told Dean why I couldn’t help him save you from Lilith, Naomi brought me in for questioning and reeducation.  I knew it would happen, but I couldn’t let you fall.”

“I never knew that.  If I had… you would’ve been able to see me through the spell, I think.  I was so wrong about you.”

“No more wrong than I was about you when we first met.”

“Cas, you…”

“I was wrong, Sam.  All the excuses in the world won’t change that fact.  I’m just glad you’ve allowed me the chance to set things right.  You are a very forgiving person.”

“Yeah, well… if I have any hope of being forgiven, I figure it begins with forgiving the people who have hurt me.”

“I can tell you it’s working at least in my case.  You’re forgiven, Sam.”

“Yeah, well.  You’re an angel.  Forgiveness… never mind.  You’re a real angel, not a fairy tale angel.”  Sam shifted a little, bringing him microscopically closer to Castiel.  “But you’re real, and you’re here.  So those are points in your favor.”

“Do you wish we were still fairy tales, Sam?”

“Nah.  I mean, sure, it’d be nice to still be able to believe in those angels, but then you wouldn’t be here keeping me warm with your wings.  I’m definitely happier this way.  You’re so amazing, Cas.  And I love you for all of this.”

Castiel’s wings seemed to fold in a little tighter around him, and Sam reached a hand up to brush over the soft black feathers.  “I don’t know if you meant it this way, Sam, but I love you.  I know, when we’re done here, we’re going to see Dean, and I hope he’s realized he needs you more than you hurt him.  But I’ll be checking in as often as I can, and if things get bad with Dean again, you’re always welcome to come along.”

“You love me?  Like a brother?”  Sam tried to keep the hope in check.

“No.  Like… I don’t know how to describe it.  It’s not something I ever felt as an angel.  Like having you here in my wings like this is everything I could ever have imagined, when I fell.”

“Oh.”  Sam twisted around so he could face Cas instead of looking up at him.  “Do you want to kiss me?”

“Yes, if you would allow it, but if you won’t I will respect…”

Sam cut Castiel off with a kiss.  “That is how I meant it.  I know this search is important, but I’m gonna miss you, too.”

Castiel smiled.  “