he wouldn't tie me down!" You say as his words pissed you off. 

"That's because he isn't a real man like I am (Y/N). I'm going to make you come every chance I get from today on." Castiel growled plowing into you now the bed creaking loudly under all the stress. A foreign pressure started to spread around your clit cooling the skin then heating it up again rapidly making the nerves do crazy.

"What the fuck?" You moan out your hands grabbing at the sheets as the pressure spread up to your nipples. Your moans couldn't be stopped as Cas fucked you relentlessly along with the pressure.

"That is something no one else could ever give you baby. It's my grace the same thing that keeps you trapped to be my toy is now making you about to come for me a third time isn't it." Castiel mocked in your ear making you want to do nothing more than slap him, but he was right. The pressure's pulsing heating and cooling had you about to tip over again your body tight and ready for the release. 

"Tell me you want it and I'll let you come." Cas laughed in your ear making you clench around his cock in need. You pounded you faster making the pressure more intense, but it refused to go over the edge. Just keeping you so fucking horny you started to sob with need. 

"Please Castiel! Let me come!" You scream as the orgasm felt like it was going to explode any moment. 

"Say your mine!" He demanded his cock pulsing inside of you.

"I'm yours Castiel!!" You yell the orgasm crashing through you. You screamed his name over and over the sound of it ringing around the room. Cas was moaning your name behind your his cock squirting his sperm deep in your uterus. Your body was still convulsing when Cas pulled out of you with a "POP" sound. He fell next to you on the bed a smug grin on his face as he studied yours all covered in sweat. He brushed your hair behind your ear and slowly rubbed your red cheek your body still pulsing with pleasure as your clit seemed to throb with lust. Your eyes slowly closed with Castiel's finger running through your hair.

"You will come to love me (Y/N). You don't have a choice anymore." Cas whispered as your fell to sleep next to your new master.

Dean gets involved in something he never thought would happen.

Your heart was pounding so hard as you looked around. Had you already been this way? You can’t remember it seemed like you kept running into the same three hallways, but that was impossible. Your eyes watered as your mind started to shut down.

“Are you done running?” Castiel asked in your mind almost a whisper. You freeze pushing up against the nearest wall listening for the angel so you could attack. Your legs were trembling as your thought about what he was going to do to you once he caught you. 

 “Can you still not see my Grace is keeping you here running around the same two halls?” Castiel mocked materializing in front of you. Your legs locked as his reached out to you in a second flipping you around and smashing your head against the wall. 

“AH!” You cry out trying to kick him until you felt his hand snake around into your pants. He undid you pants button forcing them down your legs before he pushed his fingers between your folds. Your hands tried to pull his away from you letting his body smash you harder into the wall.

“What the fuck are you doing out here (Y/N)?” Castiel asked hooking a finger deep in your pussy. 

“Trying to get away from you!” You cry wiggling your ass against his hard cock in discomfort. His trench coat blocked you in on either side making your body seem small and weak. Castiel laughed for a moment just letting you panic half naked still confused. Then he lifted one hand next to your face about to snap his fingers. You knew that when that happened you were in huge trouble. You were about to scream when he snapped. In a split second, you were butt naked pinned down on the same bed you haven’t been able to leave since Castiel made you his. Your mouth was muffled like usual, but only your wrists were tied down on either side of your head. 

“I enjoy looking at your naked all for me to fuck whenever I want.” Castiel moaned also naked his large cock swaying back and forth as he walked around the metal bed frame his fingertips rubbing every inch of your body. Then he shocked you by pulling his angel blade starting from your right wrist he stabbed just a small tip of the sword into your skin. 

“MmHHm!” You scream thrashing around just digging the blade deeper making your skin burn like it was on fire. He smirked now drawing the line down your ribs circling in your skin as if drawing designs in your burning flesh. 

“I’m only doing the right side today. You are lucky I am