try and help you or even stop to see if you were a person. 

“I uh… Could you take me to a gas station or something?” You ask standing on shaky legs. 

“Sam it’s a kid.” The deep voice said rushing over to you gasping in shock when he saw your completely swollen and black left side of your face. You could old talk because the cold had numbed most of the pain away. Three of your right finger had been broken and you had too many minor cuts and bruises to count all over your body in various places. 

“What happened to you?” A taller man said coming up on your left now. You couldn’t make out their faces through the tears and blood, but they seemed nice enough. 

“I’d rather not talk about it. I just have some family problems.” You say turning away from them to show them your good side. 

“Uh.. I’d rather take you to a hospital, but with the family problems I can see why you wouldn’t want to go there.” The shorter one said he was standing close enough for you to smell woodsy cologne and a faint smell of beer. 

“Would you be willing to talk in the car? The heater is on and if you want you can sit up front and we will be in back so you know we are not going to kidnap you.” The taller one said also getting closer to you slowly. You nod yes while your teeth chattered you scoffed lightly.

“This might be messed up mister, but at this point being kidnaped would be an upgrade to my life.” You say walking towards the car behind them They both looked at you then at each other with worried looks. You climbed into the back not wanting to be a bother like your parents had drilled into your head from the time you could crawl. The warm air in the car made you fingers and toes burn as they tried to warm up. Both men climbed in the short one in the driver side the taller on in front of you on the passenger side. 

“Could you tell us your name sweetheart?” The shorter one asked his voice dropping a little. You winced at the nickname it was the one your father liked to use when he was on top of you at night. 

“It’s _____. No pet names please.” You say sharply looking away from them to your right. You tried to hold back the tears, but as your body warmed in the car the pain grew. 

“Ok, ____. I am Sam and this is Dean.” The taller one said. He had long dark hair that was tucked behind his ears, his jaw was lightly dusted with dark brown scruff that highlighted his hazel eyes. You looked towards Dean to notice his hair was light brown and cut short, but still messy somehow. His jaw was also covered in light brown bring out the pink in his lips. His forest green eyes reminded you of your father making you look away from them quickly. 

“Do you have like Tylenol or something.” You ask gulping down blood that had been collecting in your mouth from broken teeth.

“Look I’m just gonna cut to the case and if you think we are crazy. I will give you my phone so you can call the cops and get help.” Sam said pulling out his cell phone already. You just knitted your one working eyebrow at him in confusion. 

“What are you talking about?” 

“We have a friend that can heal you completely. He is an angel. I can call him right now and have him pop up next to you to help you.” Sam said with a straight serious face. You raised your brow at him them turning to Dean seeing him with the same serious expression. You started laughing loudly making both of them look at you in concern.

“You know what screw it call the “Angel” I can ask him why God let me be born.” You say sarcastically as Sam makes the call giving Dean a weird look.

“Hey, Cas can you meet us in the car instead. We have a friend that needs your help.” Sam said hanging up the phone. Not even a second later a black-haired man with a trench coat appeared next to you with the sound of feathers. 

“Holy Shit you were telling the truth.” You scream pushing against the car door as far back as possible. The new man named Cas turned to you with no expression on his clean face, his blue eyes looking over your injuries. Cas put an arm out towards you without a word making your eyes and mouth glow with bright white light. You scream again in pain as your face and fingers went back into place before you could scream again the angel was pulling away and you could see clearly again. You blink with both eyes normally touching the left side of your face to feel smooth skin. You gasped with a wide grin looking at the man with more tears in your eyes.

“Holy Shit.” You laugh softly looking at your completely uninjured body.

“Look ___ we are on our way to a friend named Bobby Singer