and hear the story. She couldn't believe that she was with that same Sammy's mate.

Gabriel laughed still a little surprised that angels all over knew his mate but then his smile fell a little remembering his own brothers. They hadn't even looked for him when he had runaway from home. They probably never even realized he had been captured by humans just the same as Sam. But here Dean was basically waging war against humans in his brother's name. He really hoped Dean would accept him and he could be part of such a devoted family.

"Okay. How about we clean you up, and collect more food and water before setting up a nest for a few days so I can recover before we set out? You should totally show me were the berries are too because those tasted amazing!" Gabriel told her happily feeling way more hopeful about saving Sam. Dean already had an army and if what Cara told him was any indication, Dean would no doubt be willing to follow Gabriel and help free his brother. Gabriel could afford some time to rest and heal first.

Castiel fluttered around his den nervously cleaning up any loose feathers and scraps that may have fallen while he and Dean ate his four blue wings twitching every so often. He normally wasn't so uncomfortable in his own home but Dean had other alphas coming over to talk to him later on and Castiel hated being near so many alphas even if he was sure Dean would protect him. Plus Dean usually didn't even let them in the den, Castiel just cleaned out of nervous habit. Castiel was broken from his daze when there was a loud screech of anger that sounded oddly familiar to Cas and he dropped the feathers rushing to the entrance of his den to see three alphas were laughing as they held onto something that made Castiel's feathers puff out with anger and shock instantly. 

“Gabriel! What are you doing to him! Drop him immediately!” Castiel growled His wings arching over his head threateningly despite he was only a beta angel and had no may to match the strength of the three alphas. He briefly wondered where Dean was but he had to focus on the moment and his obviously distressed older brother who was trying to wiggle from one of the alpha's arms. 

“What? This omega? Why? We found him fair and square. He don't have an alpha yet and he's such a little spitfire... he'd be fun to break.” The one holding him said with a dark smile that sent chills down Castiel's back. 

“I'm warning you asshole. I most definitely have a mate and he'll rip your ugly head off if he finds out you laid a single finger on me. Dean's brother Sam is my mate and I've come here on his behalf to speak to Dean.” Gabriel said desperately while Castiel blinked not sure if Gabriel was making that up to try to escape or truly meant it. He could feel the extra grace that being pregnant would cause of for an angel but Gabriel had always been a very convincing trickster if what Castiel remembered of their home was any sign. 

“You heard him. Release him immediately. My mate will not be pleased to know you injured his brother's mate.” Castiel said jerking back when one of the other alphas reached out to touch him his hand reaching into the long human coat he wore to wrap around a sharp blade he had fashioned after his first run in with humans. He wasn't sure how well he'd do against three alphas but he wouldn't just go down without a fight. 

“We don't care about Dean. We set this all up from the beginning to get our hands on you. The omega is just a bonus.” The one next to the one holding Gabriel said as the one nearest to Cas lunged for him but Cas was ready. He pulled out his blade and with a movement he wasn't sure would work he plunged the blade through the Alpha's throat before jerking the blade back and shuddering at all the blood that was now coating him as the other two alphas watched in a mix of horror and fury. Gabriel had a faintly pleased look on his face about the whole thing though as the alpha holding him dropped him in favor of going after Cas. 

“Zachariah! You little bitch! You killed our brother!” The one that had been holding Gabriel shouted as he and the other one both closed in making Castiel start to back into his den wishing Dean would show up already and feeling terror feel him until to his surprise Gabriel jumped onto the back on the alpha that had been holding him and started beating him in the head with a rock he had picked up. Distracting them for long enough for Castiel to attack the third one. 

When Dean finally returned to his den he felt completely panicked seeing all the blood on the ground outside and knowing he had been set up by the other alphas that had supposedly wanted to meet with him. But as he walked into his den he was surprised to see Castiel and another angel sitting together and talking both looking extremely