I can’t cook like you, but I got your favorite pizza.”

Castiel leaned in and kissed Dean, then he let Dean lead him over to the ‘table’ and they sat to eat. “It looks delicious, thank you. However, it is  your  birthday, Dean, shouldn’t I be the one surprising you?”

Dean shook his head no, as he placed a large piece of pizza on each of their plates, “Spending lunch with you, instead of at our separate jobs, that feels pretty special to me, Cas. I would say it’s birthday worthy.” Dean winked for emphasis

Cas smiled and took a bite. He moaned and Dean shifted in his seat. Damn it, that part of the occasion would have to wait until later. Castiel swallowed his bite “When did you become so sweet?”

Dean grinned, “Maybe I took out a new lease on life. You know, that happens sometimes to guys when they get older.”

Castiel raised his eyebrow, “Not really, usually they buy a hot car and get a hot new girl or boyfriend.”

“Well, I already have a hot car and an even hotter husband, so I guess that means all that’s left is to treat both of them with a bit more respect,” Dean replied, his smile growing bigger. 

Cas laughed, “Well, I won’t complain about that. Especially since I happen to have a ‘wicked hot’ husband according to my students.”

“Oh yeah? And what do you say about that Mr. NW?” Dean couldn't help himself and laughed.

Cas shrugged, “I agree, of course, and I think it’s a slow form of torture.”

Dean choked on the sip of coke he was drinking, “Torture? How so?”

Cas swallowed his bite and grinned, clearly proud of himself, “I have to get out of bed and leave such a perfect body lying there most mornings.” Castiel gave a pretend dramatic sigh, “Like I said… torture.”

Dean burst out laughing, “Oh, you poor thing. How do you think I feel? I have to watch that perfect ass walk out the door most mornings, too.”

“At least you know my ass always comes back to you at night,” Castiel said with a wink.

Dean raised his coke bottle, “And my body is waiting for you in bed.”

Castiel clicked his coke bottle to Dean’s, “I’ll drink to that.”

They talked and joked the whole forty-five minutes Cas had for lunch. When the bell rang, they both sighed almost simultaneously. Dean spoke first, “Well, teach, I guess it’s back to the ol’ chalkboard for you.”

Cas nodded and added sardonically, “Yeah. What fun.” He got up and gave Dean a scorching kiss. “Thank you for today, baby. This was very sweet. I’ll see you this afternoon and don’t forget you have a birthday party tonight at Garth’s.”

Dean laughed, “Okay, okay, I won’t forget. Do I usually?”

Cas raised an eyebrow, “Only every year.” He hugged him and kissed him once more then left. Dean cleaned up their mess and left the school with a big smile on his face. As he walked past Castiel’s classroom, he saw Cas inside, smiling and absent-mindedly twirling his wedding band. The two girls who he had met before gave him a thumbs up. Dean took that as a good sign.

After the chaos of getting the kids situated, out the door, and in the car, Dean finally pulled into the parking lot of Garth’s Burgers at six that night. In Dean’s old life, he never realized how much stuff one has to bring along when you take children places, until he saw Cas packing the diaper bag. He’d watched as Cas stuffed diapers, wipes, a bottle, a couple toys to entertain them, and baby food. “She can’t exactly eat pizza or burgers, Dean,” he was informed when he asked why they were bringing Sammi food to a restaurant. He shook his head as he put the car in park.

Dean couldn’t help laughing a little, and it sounded as nervous as he felt. “Well, we’re finally here.”

His husband responded by leaning over and kissing his cheek. “Don’t pretend you don’t love the attention. Come on, everyone’s waiting for you, birthday boy.”

As they walked into the restaurant, Dean realized Cas wasn’t exaggerating. Everyone was indeed waiting on him. A sign was hung up from the ceiling with the words ‘Happy Birthday’ written across it. Dean’s eyes scanned the room and found his dad, his uncle Bobby, along with a few guys that he remembered from work. Ash and two women smiled fondly at him from the table they were sitting at. A somewhat gawky kid -- well he wasn’t really a kid, but around Sam’s