he has no idea what I’m talking about when I answer a question or address something that he said.”

“Dammit, Cas!  You start having weirdness, you tell me!  Before the crisis hits, so that maybe, just this once, we can avoid the crisis!” Dean said.  “Sam said you’d been acting weird, but you’re always a little weird around Sam.  Shoulda pushed him harder about it.”

“What do you mean I’m weird around Sam?” Cas said.  “I’d ask what Sam meant, but I assume you don’t know.”

“Well, when Sam took off after that witch yesterday I told him to pray for you if he needed help, because I needed the sleep, and he said he’d try but that you didn’t always answer,” Dean said.

“I always answer Sam’s prayer,” Cas said, the hand holding Sam squeezing tight enough to make Sam squeak.  Cas looked down apologetically and loosened his grip.  “Even now, when I usually expect it not to be real, I answer.”

Apparently, Sam and Cas needed to talk.  Something weird was going on.  Dean seemed to agree.  “Well, all I know is Sammy’s said he’s prayed to you and you haven’t come.  And when I said you’re weird around Sam, I was just pointing out that since you started getting better you haven’t been able to look Sam in the eyes.”

“Should I, after what I did?” Cas said.  Sam squeaked at him again.

“Look, Cas,” Dean said.  “You know and I know that what you did to Sam is unforgiveable.  Thing is, Sam doesn’t know that.  He not only can forgive you, he has.  So quit using it as an excuse to not talk to him.”

“I’m not using it as an excuse,” Castiel said.  “That really is the reason I don’t…”

“Yeah, then prove it,” Dean said.  “Sam’s forgiven you.  It’s all good.  So when we find him, stop being weird around him and treat him like you want to.”

“And then you hit me and tell me to stay away from him,” Castiel said.  “Somehow I doubt very strongly that you would approve.”

“What, like I approved of Ruby?  Sam’s a big boy, he can hit you himself if he’s not interested.  If he is, not my business, is it.  At least you’re not gonna turn him into a vampire or try to turn him against me,” Dean said.  Sam was now very confused.

Apparently, Cas was, too.  “You know?”

“Course I know, Cas, you’re not as subtle as you think you are,” Dean said.  “God knows how Sam hasn’t figured it out.”

“I doubt that,” Castiel said.  “God doesn’t really pay attention to things like that, even when he was around.”

“You know what I mean, Cas,” Dean said.  “Look, focus.  Sam’s missing.  You tried calling him, I assume?”

“Yes.  He didn’t answer,” Cas said.

“Right.  Give me a sec.  Anything else weird going on I should know about?” Dean asked.  Sam had an idea and scooted toward the phone, squeaking at it as loudly as he could.  It worked, getting Dean’s attention.  “The hell was that?”

“When I went to answer Sam’s prayer – or so I believed – I found a guinea pig.  It acted as though it didn’t belong in the witch’s house and he wasn’t her familiar, so I brought him with me while I try to figure out where he belongs,” Cas said.

“Oh god,” Dean said.  “Someone found you something fluffy.”

“Only until I discover where it belongs,” Castiel insisted.

“Bring him with you and meet me at the witch’s house,” Dean said.  “I think I might have an idea.”

When they arrived, Dean had an arm around the witch with a knife to her throat.  “There you guys are.  Pansy Parkinson here has something she’d like to say.”

The witch scowled and spat out something in Latin.  Sam couldn’t make it out.  He was too busy twisting, burning, breaking apart.

When it was over, he had opposable thumbs again.  “Hey.  Thanks, Dean.”

“No problem, Sammy.  Good to see you with…” he paused and grinned.  “Actually, you’re not really noticeably less hairy now, are you?  I mean, percentagewise, yeah, but…”

“You’re an idiot,” Sam said.  He looked around.  “Where’d Cas go?”

“The witch made a break for it.  Cas went after her.  Have fun being his pet guinea pig?” Dean asked.

“He didn’t know it was me,”