facing death did he ever feel a man, fighting vainly against impossible odds in his relentless quest for hearth and home - when home was always where She lay docked, tethered by nothing more than Her devotion.

She nearly lost him to Calypso and Circe both, the temptation of the female form luring him away from Her weather-worn decks. She had no heart to pound beneath his flesh, no blood to pulse under his tongue, no welcoming heat to thrust inside.

She merely was.

A mortal man needed more.

She nearly lost him to death - that greedy, clutching shade - his quest for Tiresias calling him into Hades itself. Only he would attack the gods in their homelands, on the shadowy planes where humans never tread.

It was Helios who took Her from him, Her old master demanding his due. Jealous and wanting, he bashed Her shape upon the rocks, needing to destroy what he could no longer have.

It set Her free – formless and needing, no direction to follow.

What was She without a master? A being such as She, made of thought or flesh or wood or steel, requires one who can control and command and demand with a touch. To mold Her endless need into his own purpose, to give Her devotion, adoration - to worship Her into being. She cannot exist without such a one.

And so She waited. 

                                                   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Again She took form, metal welded and shaped, almost too heavy to soar amongst the clouds once more. But soar she did, despite being named for such an ungainly desert creature.

Her master was one of the aces of the sky, carving steel pathways through the clouds as they fought, swooping and spiraling in an erratic dance of gunfire.

A war to end all wars – but aren’t they all? The only thing that mattered was his sure hand directing Her, his guiding faith Her fortress. They said She was untamable, no sane man would trust Her with his life. Too difficult to control, that was the consensus, failing to realize all that was necessary to pacify Her spirit was a strong hand tempered by unadulterated loyalty.

But he granted Her his faithfulness, binding Her with chains of devotion stronger than Her iron hide that sheltered him from the cold, open sky around them.

Together they hunted through the sky, a stealthy predator skirting through the cover of the clouds despite the loud buzzing of Her propeller. She was one with Her master, as much his weapon as the guns that shredded their enemies into a hail of metal raining relentlessly over the earth.

She had nearly a year with him, a perfect year of smoking engines blessing Her like a holy censer, flecks of blood painting Her metallic skin, every victory giving Her strength. His hand on Her frame as he prayed - prayed to a god under another name, but She knew it was to Her he offered his fidelity.

She was the one that held His heart, held his life in Her hands.

It was his tears on Her metal shell when She fell like a maple leaf from the sky, shattering into pieces over the unforgiving ground.

So She bided her time – her patience capable of outlasting the world. 

                                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Metal welded with rivets and bolts, blessed with the sweat and blood of the makers – the steady scent of fire and the buzzing hum of prayer and devotion, the litany changing, but the intent ever clear.

Ink black skin sheathed the growling roar that served as a heart, oil and gasoline the blood that flowed through Her veins. Christened with a suitable designation, She embodied the pure grace and smooth muscle of her namesake.

For so long, She had only a keeper – no master to call Her own. The keeper tended Her, kept Her form shining and Her engine purring.

Kept Her perfect for the arrival of Her master.

He was so small and weak, at first. Nothing more than mere scraps of flesh and bone and blood fused into human form.

She bided Her time – waiting, watching, hungering for the time when he would captain Her to their destiny awaiting just over the horizon. She lulled him to sleep, singing him into slumber with Her metallic lullabies and cocooning him in Her leather bound warmth.

She was nearly whole once more, awaiting Her sleeping master’s call.

Sixteen years She waited. Sixteen years until he laid his proprietary hands on Her sleek black skin and slid behind the wheel – until he took control.

He led Her into battle with his blood-mate by his side, She his faithful steed no matter the foe he fought. He showed his devotion with the sacrifice of willing females – strengthening Her with every drop of blood and seed spilled on their backseat altar. He was Her master and She his servant – content to do his bidding.

She had him to Herself for a brief time, and She could feel the difference in his handling. No longer truly home without his blood-mate by his side.

Alone, unsure, the desire to fall in battle surging beneath his skin. No assurances could She give to awaken the hunter within him. She nearly lost him more times than She could count in those