. You turned away awkwardly not meeting his eyes. 

You couldn't stop thinking about the sexy shirtless man sitting next to you. When Sam pulled in to a motel 6 parking lot.

"Can you walk?" Dean asked touching your hand on the seat. You jerked away in fright think he would smash your finger like Jimmy does. 

He seemed hurt not waiting for you to answer as he opened his own door getting out. You looked down in sadness unsure why. You opened your own door standing with the suit stopping just under your butt cheeks. 

You closed the door softly cutting your feet in the hot dirty and rocks. You limped behind Sam to the door following them in. It had two bed double beds, but you knew for the men it was more like a single each. 

"We can figure out sleeping arrangements later. Do you want a shower then if you trust me enough. I have some medical training and am the best at stitches." Sam offered going to his back to get soap for you.

"That would be the awesome, but could I maybe get some alcohol first." You blurt out tired of being sober for almost 3 years. Dean perked up then still shirtless he leaned on the door.

"I could run to town get you some new underwear and what ever you feel like drinking." He said casually glancing at you still bare legs unable to stop thinking about what lay underneath his jacket.

"I want to get wasted. I don't care just not beer. Something hard that will make me pass out fast." You say looking down at your feet unsure if this was a good idea.

"Whiskey it is. What size are you?" Dean asks pushing off the door to step closer to you. Your eyes level with a weird black tattoo with a flame like design on it.

"Uhh could I just borrow a big T-shirt for tonight. I'd rather just pick out my own personal clothes please." You blush your words feeling weird in your mouth. Not accustom to standing up for yourself and saying no. 

Dean smiled lightly stepping passed you to go over to the bed closet to the window getting a bag next to it. He grabbed two black t-shirt throwing one two you with the letters "AC/DC" on it. You turned around seeing the bathroom passed Sam. You hurried off before you checked Dean out again.

 

The shower hurt, but it felt so good to have it all to yourself for once. Jimmy always making you suck him off while he washed his body not caring if you for soap in your mouth. The image of his face over in blood made you shiver. Then you remember Jimmy knew what Sam and Dean drove. He even probably got the license plate. He could have the police after them right now

"SAM!!" You yell in panick soap running off your boddy. You hear door steps befoe the door flew open the giant man staring at you. 

"What happened!" He asked back ready to help.

"Jimmy got your license plate number when he blocked you in earlier!" You say holding the curtain over your chest. Sam's eyes widened before digging for his phone calling Dean quickly.

"Dean ditch the car for now. _____ thinks Jimmy was smart enough to get the plates earlier today. Ok. Call me when your done." Sam sighed hanging up his face a relived for a moment.

"Thank you _____. Is there anything else I can help with?" Sam asked with smile looking at the ceiling and not ag your in the shower.

"No that was it." You blush going back to washing the blood and grime off your skin. It was weird working against your boyfriend. He wasn't anything, but an asshole. 

"He deserved worse." You almost growl bumping your injured head against the warm shower wall lightly. The water did most of the work for you washing the crusted blood off your skin into the now pink tub. You felt like you could pass out right now just feeling it wash you clean. Like a new life your slate being cleaned as well.


"I'm never going to be with a man like that ever again." You softly promise yourself rubbing your still shaking hands over your bruises and cuts. You heard the front door open making you nervous for a second thinking Jimmy found you.

"Did get any actual food?" Sam asked through the walls when you turned the water off.

"Whiskey was more important at the time." Dean replied putting bottles on the table. You slip his t-shirt over your head feeling anxiety about the short length. 

'They are here to help' your remnind yourself. You take a deep breath before stepping out keeping your wet hair draped down to cover your hurt side.

"Hey I got you all different kinds and I know you said no personal clothing, but," he dug around pulling men's boxers in a new package. 

"I accidentally got the wrong kind. Sam asked me for a medium." He lied casually offering the package to you. You almost smiled from the nice jester taking the package