it not acceptable for you to love me?”

“I destroy everything I love,” Sam said.  “Mom died, Jess died, Ellen and Jo died, Dad went crazy, Bobby was halfway there even before I met him or no doubt I’d have messed him up too.  Dean’s so far from okay that I got him stuck in Hell for forty years.  I can’t do that to you.”

Castiel thought for a moment, deciding what to do.  Finally, he reached out, pulling Sam into a hug.  “You’ve had a difficult life,” he admitted.  “But none of those things are your fault.  Your mother died because she made a deal with a demon; your father went crazy because of losing Mary.  Ellen and Jo sacrificed themselves as hunters.  You couldn’t have known what Azazel would do to Jessica.  As for Dean, well, you would do the same for him.”

“I may not have pulled the trigger, but none of them would have died if it weren’t for me,” Sam insisted.

“I said I know who and what you are,” Castiel said.  “Allow me to share that with you.  You are a child of tragedy; a tool of fate to bring about the end of the world.  Lucifer’s vessel, the winner of Azazel’s competition to bring about his freedom.  That is what you are.  You are a man who puts a great deal of faith in others.  You hold yourself to standards that you would berate others for expecting of themselves.  You make mistakes, as every human does.  Because of the circumstances, yours tend to have larger consequences than most, but your mistakes are rooted in the same causes as those of everyone else.  Love for your family, a mistaken sense of duty, misplaced trust in others.”

“I have seen billions of souls, Sam, over countless centuries.  In all that time, I can think of very few who would have had the strength to keep going after learning that their mistakes had brought about the Apocalypse.  Of those, not many would work toward redemption; most would simply try to keep running.  You are the man who believes so strongly in doing right that you work for a redemption you do not believe in.  That is who you are.”  He pushed Sam back just far enough that he could see his face.  “You define yourself too much by what you are.  I love you for who you are.”

“Cas…” Sam started, trailing off uncertainly.  “Castiel, you…”  He swallowed hard, taking a few deep breaths to steady himself.  “Castiel, are you sure about this?”

Castiel opened the door. “Follow me, I need a bit more space than the car offers.”  Sam climbed out, skeptical but curious about what Cas needed space for.  Especially when Castiel made it clear that it wasn’t to get away from Sam, by standing close enough that he could easily rest his hand over the human’s heart and use the other hand to hold Sam’s over his own heart.

As Castiel’s wings unfurled behind him, he heard Sam’s gasp.  “Sam Winchester.  I swear to you, by the grace that is given to angels, that I love you and that I will always love you.  My heart is yours for all of eternity.”  He felt the bonds settle around his grace, and released Sam’s hand.

Sam didn’t move it, not right away.  “I… I guess you are sure about this,” he finally said.  “Can I…”  Castiel ducked his head to hide the smile as he swept one wing forward in invitation.  Sam reached out, gently stroking the feathers before burying his hand in them.  Castiel curled his other wing around Sam, stepping forward just enough to bury his hand in Sam’s hair and pull his head down for a kiss.

~~~NOW~~~

“Cas, something’s wrong with me.  Christian says he always heard that I was the sympathetic, merciful Winchester.  He said he’d hate to ever meet Dean if that’s true.  Just because I told that widow that her husband was probably alive while the ghouls drained him.  I was when those ghouls drained me.  Anyway, is that why you won’t come see me?  Because I’m wrong?  Well, hey, I’m still me.  I still want you.”

The prayer sounded wrong to Castiel, just as they all had recently.  Before, even when he was pissed at the world in general or at Castiel specifically, Sam’s prayers were respectful and soft.  Cas’s brow wrinkled as he realized Sam hadn’t once prayed for his brother or his new family, only himself or demanding Cas come visit.  And, while Castiel certainly had come to like the nickname, he’d told Sam once that he liked the way Sam said Castiel.  After that, Sam had always used Castiel in prayer, saving Cas for more human moments.

~~~THEN~~~

“May I ask you something, Sam?” Castiel asked