have no idea?”  Sam looked up, trying to understand what it could mean.

Missouri shook her head.  “I don’t know, boy.  Been trying to get you an answer since the day you were born, but nobody knows anything about it.  No one’s ever seen anything like it.  I did get an answer on the thread connecting you and your brother, though.”

“What thread?”  Sam’s eyes got huge.  “Dean and I are…”

“You’re soulmates, but not like normal ones.  Blue, not red.  It’s a different type of bond, one the two of you forged yourselves instead of being given.  Which means it can snap, which would hurt you both beyond fixing even with your red threads.  You and Dean need to take care of your bond.”

“That… wow.  I guess that’s how he saved my life.”  Sam looked over to Dean.  “Can you tell him?  I’d really rather not be the one…”

“Of course, honey.”

Dean took it pretty well.  It’s not like he ever needed to be told to take care of Sam.  He declined Missouri’s help in finding his other soulmate, they had too much to do with tracking their dad, he didn’t want to lose focus.  Then it was Azazel, then he was dying and what was the point?

Sam knew the second he saw Dean that Dean had sold his soul, because he could feel the tug in his own soul.  It drove him, made him determined to save his brother however he could.  He failed.  He sought out a Red Spinner almost immediately, who confirmed what Sam thought: death hadn’t broken the bond.  A part of his soul was being pulled down into Hell.  The red thread up… Pamela had no idea what to make of it.

Sam knew the second Dean came back, as well.  The relentless tug downward stopped.  When Dean found him, he couldn’t explain how or why he was back, so Sam took him to Pamela.  Pamela agreed to scry for whatever it was, using the mark on Dean’s arm.  She found the thing – “Castiel” – and fought through his defense to see what he was.  “What the…”  Pamela’s question was cut off by screaming as her eyes began to melt.

“What did you see?” Sam asked as he helped Pamela to a chair.

Pamela shook her head.  “Not much.  Bright.  Sam… your thread.  The red one.  Right before I broke through Castiel’s screen, it collapsed.  I wish I could see it now, see what’s going on.”

Sam wondered, too.  He had more pressing concerns, finding Castiel and working with Ruby to get strong enough to take on Lilith.  And then fighting with Dean about working with Ruby, and learning that Castiel was an angel.

When he entered the room to find two strange men there, Sam reacted as he’d been trained.  Gun out, challenge issued, ready to fight or run as needed.

“Sam, wait!”  Dean pushed his gun down.  “Sammy, this is Castiel.”

“The angel?”  Sam put the gun away.  “Oh my god.  I… sorry, I mean… I’ve just heard so much about you!”  He held out his hand.

Castiel turned around slowly.  “And I, you.”  He stopped, staring curiously at Sam, but didn’t say anything more.

“What are you doing here, Cas?” Dean asked.

Castiel turned his gaze to Dean and explained: he had come, along with his companion Uriel, to smite the town to protect a seal.  Dean fought, as did Sam, and Castiel agreed to give them a day to flush out the witch and stop the summoning.  They failed, and Sam broke his promise to Dean.  He used his powers to save his brother from Samhain.

“Today’s a big anniversary for you, isn’t it, Sam?”  Sam spun around from packing to see Uriel standing close, smirking at him.  “You were told not to use your powers.”

“But Dean…”

“You were told.”

“And you were told to let me handle this.  Your only role here was to smite the town if Dean chose that path.  Leave us.”  Castiel appeared, placing himself between Sam and Uriel.

“But…”

“You were told.  Now leave us.”  Castiel raised his hand.  “I will not warn you again.”  Uriel left, and Castiel turned to Sam.  “I apologize.  I have no idea what Uriel was thinking.”

“I know you guys don’t want me using my powers, but Dean was going to die.  Even with the knife…”

Castiel nodded.  “I know.  Don’t return to the path you were on.  But I think you know that.”

“Then why are you here?”  If he wasn't here to threaten Sam, what could Castiel want with him?

“Sam, have you ever visited a