do that.  Instead, he made that choice for both of us.  I understand your anger at him.”

“He meant well, and it worked out in the end, but… he doesn’t get it.  Taking off, driving like this… I didn’t do it because I was mad.  I did it because I don’t want to be pissed at him when I’m explaining to him why.  I’d have said something stupid if I stayed, or he would have and I’d have overreacted.”

“I’m often amazed at how poorly the two of you communicate sometimes, considering how well you know each other,” Castiel said.  “And yet, other times, you understand each other so perfectly without anything said at all.”

“What are you gonna do now?  You’re still in danger, aren’t you?” Sam asked.

“I had thought about going to the bunker, seeing if Dean would let me stay now that I can help protect it instead of being a liability,” Cas said.  “If the true problem was Ezekiel, there’s absolutely no reason I shouldn’t be allowed to stay.  But if you’re out here, and not going back any time soon…”

“I’d planned to be gone a month, and it’s been two weeks,” Sam said.  “But knowing that you’re all right, I might be able to go back early after all.  If you want to go to the bunker, you should, I know Dean feels bad about everything.  What did he say when you showed up?”

“I don’t know yet,” Cas said.  “He doesn’t know.  I’m going to go, but I wanted to find you first.”

That surprised Sam.  He'd figured Dean would be the first person Cas would go to.  But then, Dean was in the Bunker and had made Cas leave.  “Oh.  You should go let Dean know what’s happened to you, he’ll want to know.  Maybe he’s stop calling ten times a day if he knows I’m all right, too.”

“I doubt it, not until you go back,” Cas said.

“Yeah, I know,” Sam said.

“I’ll go.  Later.  For one thing, I’m fairly certain he’s either drunk or asleep right now, possibly both.  You should be asleep, too, this time of night.”

Sam chuckled.  “Yeah, I know, I’ll be going to sleep in a little while.  It’s not the Impala, but I’m used to sleeping in a car, and this one’s not bad.”

“Is it safe out here?”

Sam shrugged.  “Should be.  You know we’ve got protections set up on any car that’s capable of leaving the garage, just in case, and this stretch of road is generally deserted so there’s not gonna be much human threat.  Of course, if you wanna stay to make sure I’m all right…”

Sam had been joking, but Castiel took him seriously.  “I would.  However, Dean has informed me often that watching someone sleep is creepy, and having been human I understand why now.  I would like to stay, but if you would be uncomfortable, I’ll go.”

“Never really bothered me, the way it did Dean,” Sam said.  “Knowing you’re there, I don’t mind at all, really.”

Sam opened the back door and sat on the bench, digging out the blanket.  He was settling back as Cas got in the front when something occurred to him.  “Hey, Cas?  If you don’t mind me asking, what is it you figured out when you were sorting through your emotions?”

Cas looked back.  “I had intended to tell you, but we got distracted.  I endured a great deal of nonsense from my brothers and sisters because of my friendship with Dean.  They accused me of falling for him in more than the obvious way.  And while they had some good points, especially this last year, they were wrong.  It’s not Dean I’ve fallen for.”

“Well, no, this time…” Then it dawned on Sam what Cas was saying.  “Wait.  Are you saying you love me?”

“Trying to, anyway,” Cas said.  “I thought you should know.  I don’t intend to push anything or make things awkward, but you’ve always been one to forgive everyone except yourself.  You know what I thought of you when I was first assigned to your brother.  I thought it only fair you know just how much that has changed, and that it’s because of the time I’ve spent with you.”

“Huh.  You… that really does mean a lot, when you put it that way.  I kinda find it hard to believe.  But you… you wouldn’t lie, not about something like this.  Wow.”