feeling?”

“I’m good, Cas.  Really, I just need to shake this off.  Not gonna sleep well, though.”

“If you want help, I’m here.”

Sam smiled and went to hug Cas.  “I know.  We need to talk anyway, so I’ll come find you.”

“We do?”  Castiel pulled back and searched Sam’s eyes.

“The crap we’ve both been through lately?  Yeah.  We do.”  Sam clapped Cas’s shoulder.

 

After dinner, Mary went to an unused bedroom.  Dean was disappointed in her, and Sam… Sam was standing in her doorway.  “Mom?”

“Hi, Sam.  Come on in.”

“Thanks.”  Sam came in, hands behind his back.  “I just… I just wanted to say thanks.  And I know… I know what it’s like to come back from the dead, and not feel like you fit.  So if you want to talk, I’m here for you.”  He pulled his hands out, holding a leather-bound book.  “This was Dad’s journal.  He and Dean kept me out of the loop on a lot of things, and then when I got out…”

“Why did you come back, Sam?”

Sam gave her a sad smile.  “Because this is what I am.  It’s what my family is.  I think I’d have come back anyway, eventually, but I came back because I had to.  Because hunting caught up to me and destroyed the safe and normal life I was trying to build.  Anyway.”  Sam offered the book to her.  “This was Dad’s journal.  When I came back, I sat down and read it, and it filled in a lot of blanks for me.  And maybe it can do the same for you.”

“I missed out on so many things… mother things.  Your first steps, your first crush… you… did John know?”

“Know what?”

“That you… that you’re… I don’t even know the right way to say this.  That you like men.”

Sam looked incredibly startled, and somewhat angry.  “You know?  How?”

“Dean told me.  Not exactly, I guess I kind of assumed from the fact that you have a boyfriend, but…”

“I don’t have a boyfriend.  If I had a boyfriend, don’t you… oh.”  Sam stopped and chuckled, anger draining away.  “Let me guess.  Dean said Cas is my boyfriend.”

“Yeah.  If he’s not, he sure does a good job of acting like he is.  He cares a lot about you, Sam.  Obviously, I don’t know anything about your relationship with him.  But you might… I’m doing the mom thing here.  I like him.  You should date him.”

Sam ducked his head, hiding a huge grin.  “Advice noted.  And Mom?  Having you here?  It’s filled in the biggest blank for me.”

Mary got up and moved to hug Sam.  It certainly wasn’t like hugging her baby.  Sam got huge!  But he melted into the embrace, holding on tight, and for the first time she actually felt like this man's mom.

 

Sam had honestly meant to go find Cas right away.  But after the talk with his mom, he couldn’t.  Not yet.  He stared at the ceiling fan, flashing back to another fan he’d watched after talking to his mother and heard support from her that had surprised him.  That time, he’d known it wasn’t real.  This time… he wasn’t so sure.  It seemed to have a decent balance between things going well and things being awkward, not like that hallucination of… not like the hallucination that had felt so good he should have known it wasn’t real.

He got to his feet.  Staring at the ceiling fan wouldn’t do anything to help him.  He needed to be focused on where he was, not lost in the past.  He also needed to get his heart back under control.  He’d accepted a long time ago that loving Cas and keeping his distance was the best thing for everyone.  What Mom said… what she thought she’d seen from Cas… that was projection.  Had to be.

Cas knocked at the door.  “Sam?”

“Hey.  I was just about to come find you.  Come on in.”  Sam sat back on the bed.

Cas came to sit beside him.  “You said we needed to talk.”

“Yeah.”

“I’m so sorry about Lucifer.  I should have known better than to take him at his word when he had so much to gain from the lie.”

Sam reached out to Cas, putting a hand on his arm.  “I’m sorry I let you feel like you had to in order to be useful.  You’re family, Cas.”

“That’s what Dean said.”

“Well, here’s