, bruises rising black and blue to the surface like rocks buried by shallow ground cover that is washed away by rain.

Dean cards his fingers through Sam's hair, and those lazy cat-like eyes slide shut.

Dean hadn't done any of that.

He'd gone right to the one area, the most sexual area, because of the sounds Sam was making, and he had wanted it over.

He'd wanted more and he'd wanted none because he'd gotten hard from torturing his little brother.

Just like in Hell. Just like the demons wearing Sam's face in Hell.

Hell wasn't supposed to count. It was Hell. That's what everyone said. Cas had still raised him up, told him he was worth being saved.

Cas with his big black wings and electric blue eyes. Cas who had fallen and gone to death at Dean's command in that fucked up alternate future. Cas who had betrayed them all, and then doubly damned himself. Cas who was basically in a coma on Sam's behalf right now.

Had he set himself up for failure, straight out of the gate, with that whole cockring idea? All he had wanted was to not have to watch Sam come, but—his mind skitters over how he'd stroked the rough bark cane between Sam's legs in a decidedly sexual nature—he wasn't making any sense. None of this was making any goddamn sense.

Masochism is hard-wired into Winchester DNA,

he thinks distantly, as he absently rubs small circles into Sam's back with his thumbs. Sam hums quietly with pleasure, breathing deep and even. It's not long before he drifts off.

Dean climbs in beside him and turns out the light.





The next few days find Dean moody, erratic.

"Dean, you're dropping, dude."

"The fuck are you talking about, Sam?"

Sam gives an impatient flick with the newspaper before spreading it out on the small card table.

"For days now. You're slow....tired. You give me a guilty look like every five minutes. Come on."

“Hard not to when I can see with my own damn eyes how hard it is for you to sit and ride in the car, when you’re squirming around like you got ants in your pants.”

Blushing a little, Sam tries to catch Dean’s gaze. “... what if I like the reminder? About what we did?” Dean folds his arms and scowls, squinting against the early morning sun hitting him through the holes in the blinds.
“Dean, it’s okay.”

“Yeah, and if it slows you down just that much and gets you killed?” Dean does look at Sam then, dropping his arms to dig his hands down into his pockets.

“We’ll be more careful about when we chose to go looking for trouble.”

“The world ain’t gonna wait—hell the fucking chompers sure aren’t— for your backside to be a pristine shade of lily-white again, Sam!”

“I like it, Dean… yeah, maybe I can’t afford downtime right now, but it’s honestly fine. Besides, this isn’t really about me…”
Eyes softening at the corners into melty brown pools that tug at Dean's heart, Sam just regards him steadily, imploring. "You've got to take care of yourself, too. You can't take care of me if you can't take care of you, right?"

"You're being frigging ridiculous. "Drop" or whatever... that's for subs. Not for—me. Not my deal."

"Call it top guilt, or whatever." Sam rises from the table, newspaper forgotten, and lays a hand on Dean's arm, towering over his brother. Dean swats his hand off.

"I'm fine, Sam. Gonna go out and get some pie and coffee. Fuck you later." Dean looks briefly scandalized at the Freudian slip, but flashes Sam a smirk that doesn't sit quite right and a two-fingered salute on his way out the door.

"Dean!" Fuck.





"I can't do it anymore, Sammy," Dean says later that night, staring up at the ceiling as birds trilled mockingly outside the window in the breaking dawn.

"If you can't, you can't, it's okay, Dean."

"Do you—" Dean licks his lips, stares at the wall. "Could you, you know, before—" Before I start jerking off thinking about what we do together because apparently even if it’s my damn brother, sex is still sex, I’m fucking pathetic— and I-I raped all those souls in Hell, please Sam, please just do as I say for once.

Sam raises an eyebrow.

"For the love of Jesus and tiny babies, could you jerk off first?"

Sam flushes and his voice comes out very small. "You know it won'