walls pushing as deep as he could. 

"Wet already." He chuckled pumping his finger in and out at a fast pace. You could hear liquid squishing around his fingers making your cheeks burn red.

"Stop. It feel weird." You say showing just how inexperienced you were. The man stopped for a moment just to pull out of you only to start undoing his belt. Your eyes widen in fear seeing his belt come undone completely. 



"Sam let's find somewhere to park already." The man said angrily before wrapping his belt around your wrist. You tried to fight him having no success you begin screaming again. Your hand already hurt from the intense pressure from the belt. The hand that had held your arms down was now lifting your shirt completely over your head.

"Just fucking stop!" You scream in frustration wiggling and bucking against the large man. The shirt was left just under your jaw and down your arms. You were blind now tied up under a man that was insistent on raping you.

"I'm gonna fuck you raw sweetheart." The man said gruffly against your face. You could smell the alcohol on his breath washing over you. You fel hands on your thighs again, but they we're working to get his jeans off. You felt more skin against your inner thighs then a hot shaft being pressed into your damp lower lips.

"Please sir don't!" You scream until his head slids through your lips then into your virgin hole. You tense trying to twist your legs closed. He pushed deeper his dick spreading you open. Your scream loudly thrashing wildly trying to get away the belt cutting into your wrist. He pushed all the way inside tearing you open in a harsh thrust.

"Dean someone is going to hear her screaming." Then other man said his voice lower than Dean's. A hand was clamped over your mouth and nose on accident. You tired to scream again unable to draw oxygen through his hand and your shirt

"There problem solved." He groaned pushing even deeper against your cervix. You start to take deep unbearable breaths struggling against the hand. He started to pull out rubbing his rim against your g spot unnaturally skilled. Pleasure shot through your body making you sob harder. 

"She got a nice pair of tits." The man named Sam said before a hand grouped your left breast roughly. Your mind started to feel fuzzy almost like you were underwater for to long. Your eyes bulged open at the realization you were being suffocated. You started to struggle harder bucking your hips up into Dean on top of you. 

"Jesus she is so tight." Dean groaned pushing harder into you the more you struggled. Your vision darkened as your lungs screamed at you for air. Your fighting started to become odd twitches not having enough oxygen to move your limbs. The man stopped momentarily moving his hand away from your mouth and nose. 

You gasped for air your body arching off the seat and into Dean. You took heavy breaths your chest rising and falling. He pushed your legs wider apart before slamming against your cervix again. You let out another scream unable to stop the panic rising in your throat. The shirt was moved from your face making you blink a few times to get used to the dull light.

A lust filled pair of green eyes were staring at you his lips open slightly panting from fucking you. He has a small bit of scruff on his face going into short dirty blond hair. This is Dean you realize feeling him inside of you made you clench. His eyes rolled in pleasure from the feeling his lips closing as well.

"Fuck." He moaned the sharp smell of alcohol again filling your noise. You didn't feel the tears until your vision was blurry. Dean started to move inside of you again his arms holding him above your body now. His left arm was holding your arms on the door his right arm holding your leg high on his hips. 

"Please stop it hurts." You beg shaking your head from side to side. Then you noticed the other man watching this happen in the driver seat. You saw glimpses of his long darker hair, but Dean's arm rocking back and forth blocked your full view.

"Stop screaming and I'll finish faster." Dean growled back lifting your leg high to get an even deep angle. You make a weird moaning sound from the angel mostly pushing on your g-spot and mound. Your body stuck tot he leather seat making it uncomfortable the harder he pounded you.

"See it's not so bad. You just gotta relax." Sam said reaching out to squeeze your breast. You tense fighting the scream that was forming. Dean's finger bruised your legs his nails almost cutting into your skin.

"You feel so good baby." He groaned pushing harder into your clit. You let out a forced moan slight pleasure making you sick to your stomach. You were liking this! What if you came! What if they never let you go? Different terrifiying thoughts rushed through your mind. Your body tensed trying to stop the pleasure. 

"Ah fuck keep doing that." Dean groaned