t any time for sick days, especially when one was as determined not to let innocent people get hurt as Dean was. But even the mightiest hunter couldn't fight off germs forever, and coupled with his recent injury, Dean was just too exhausted now to push through without some serious bed rest. Even so, laid out or not, he was still doing his best to be… Well… "A pain in Sam's ass" didn't even begin to cover it.

"Here," Sam said tiredly, handing Dean a mug of chamomile tea he had made earlier and set out to cool while he stitched his brother up. "It'll help your throat."

"I am not drinking that girly shit, Sam," Dean growled, sounding like he'd spent the day gargling with rusty nails and broken glass. "It tastes like ass."

Sam smirked and raised an eyebrow. "And you know what that tastes like, how?"

Dean snorted and coughed again, a whistling wheeze following this time. "Wouldn't you love to know."

Shaking his head, Sam put the tea down – he had figured Dean wouldn't drink it willingly, but it was worth a shot – and reached for the bottle of cough syrup instead, pouring the correct dose of the inky purple liquid into the provided cup and passing it to his brother. Dean tossed it back like a shot, grimacing and curling his lip when he realized what flavor it was, and glared at his little brother.

"Seriously? You had to get the grape kind? That's like the worst of the worst!"

Sam clenched his teeth, trying to keep his hand from reaching out and smacking his brother senseless. "They only had grape and cherry, and you said you hated cherry."

"Yeah, but not as much as I hate grape!"

"Okay, fine. No grape next time. Got it. Anything else you forgot to tell me you can't stand?"

"Orange Gatorade."

Sam growled and clenched his fists, and Dean sighed.

"You got all orange, didn't you?"

"Yeah, and you're going to drink it. You've gotta take the Tylenol and some antibiotics for those cuts, and it's either orange Gatorade or the yellow-brown water coming out of the tap in the bathroom. You pick."

"Gatorade it is."

"I thought so."

Once he'd gotten his brother dosed with all the medications he needed for the time being, Sam ducked into the bathroom and took a quick shower before settling down in the unoccupied bed across the room. He hoped the codeine in the cough syrup would kick in soon and knock his brother out; there was only so much nagging he could take in one day, especially when he was already exhausted from taking down a chupacabra. The room was almost silent, save for the occasional grunt or wet cough from Dean, and before five minutes had passed he was already asleep, dreaming of someplace warm and far away from fields of sheep.

The wonderful dream Sam had been having about a beach vacation in Hawaii was abruptly shattered by the sound of the bathroom door slamming on the other side of the room. He sat up, still squinting blearily at the bright line underneath the door, and then the sound of hoarse coughing started to drift out to him. It started softly at first, a couple of huffs of air that could almost have been a laugh, and then Dean was hacking like a career smoker, so loudly it immediately had Sam out of bed and on his way to the door. Apparently the cough syrup had worn off.

When he reached the threshold, a near-whimper of what could only be pain was all the confirmation he needed that Dean was in some kind of distress. The door was unlocked when he tried it, and when he stepped inside he found his brother hunched over the sink, gripping the edge of the porcelain basin with one hand and his bandage-covered belly with the other. He turned around like he wanted to say something to Sam, then apparently changed his mind and returned to coughing up his lungs over the drain.

Sam came to his side, silently laying a hand on his back and becoming more and more concerned the longer the fit continued. Dean hadn't been this bad earlier, had he? "Dean? You okay?" His only answer was another series of ragged coughs, each accompanied by shrill wheezing that was really starting to scare him.

"Oww, f –" Dean rasped, gagging on something at the back of his throat until his face began to turn red. Cursing, Sam thumped his back until he finally retched and spat it into the sink.

"Fuckin' s-shit, this sucks!" Dean muttered. He held his breath and tried hard to stifle the coughs, clutching at the wounds on his stomach with both hands now and wheezing with the effort, but that only lasted a few seconds before they came back with a vengeance and then his legs gave out underneath him, dropping him to the tile on his knees. He curled