and no, I haven’t seen her since that night.  Pretty sure she has no interest in seeing me ever again,” Sam said, avoiding eye contact and staring at his drink.

Tim snorted.  “Yeah, pretty sure finding out Keith Sam started the Apocalypse would cool anyone’s ardor.”

Dean shot an incredulous look over at Sam.  “You told some random waitress?”

“I didn’t exactly have much of a choice,” Sam said, still avoiding eye contact.  “And she wasn’t just some random.  I worked with her and she kinda had a thing for me.  Well, for Keith.  Don’t think she thought much of Sam.”

“What do you mean you didn’t have much choice?” Dean asked.

“I mean she was being held hostage and they were gonna kill her if I didn’t confess my part in starting the Apocalypse.  I’ve gotten enough people killed, I wasn’t gonna add her to the list,” Sam said, staring fixedly at the floor as though the floor would swallow him up and get him out of the conversation if he just wished hard enough.

“So you confessed, they let her go, and…” Dean prompted.

“And I don’t want to talk about it,” Sam said.

“Tough.”  Dean crossed his arms.  “I’m long over my not caring stage.  I let this go, we get more Walts and Roys thinking it’s okay to shoot you because I’m not going to do anything!”  He paused and let his arms drop.  “I still owe those two a serious beatdown, come to think of it.”

“Me too,” Cas said as he stepped around Tim and Reggie.  “Sam, please, what happened?”  He reached out and laid a hand on Sam’s arm.

Sam looked up, meeting Castiel’s eyes for a brief moment before staring even more intently at the floor.  “They tried to make me drink demon blood.  I spat it out, got as much as I could out of my mouth, but I’m pretty sure I didn’t get it all.”

Castiel tried to catch Sam’s eyes.  “Sam, that’s not your fault.  You tried, right?  Tried to fight, to resist?”

“Of course,” Sam said without looking up.

An ugly thought occurred to Dean.  Sam hadn’t ever said, but feeding Sam demon blood… “Wait a minute.  Why’d they try to make you drink?”  Tim and Reggie hadn’t looked comfortable since Sam had arrived, but now their faces were identical masks of pants-shitting terror.  “These two?” Dean dropped a heavy hand on each of their shoulders.

Sam looked up now, giving Dean the puppy dog eyes.  “Dean, the demons had just killed Steve, and they blamed me because I should have taken the hunt.  Admittedly not then, but you’d go after whoever you blamed for getting me killed any way you could, too.  Or Cas, or Bobby.  We still owe Meg for Ellen and Jo.”

Of course.  Leave it to Sam to make excuses for the guys who had forced him to live through a nightmare and try to get Dean to leave them alive.  Well, maybe Tim and Reggie would be reasonable.  “Guys, what do you have to say to Sam?”

“Go screw yourself,” Reggie spat.  “He got Steve killed.”

“Just because you two are in love with Satan’s pet doesn’t mean we have to…”

“Wrong answer,” Castiel said, interrupting Tim and getting in his face.  “Being in love with Sam has absolutely nothing to do with recognizing that Sam has done far more good of his own choice than the mistakes he was manipulated into by Heaven and Hell.”

“Uh, Cas?” Dean said, trying to stop the angel from giving Tim and Reggie the wrong idea.

It didn’t work.  Castiel didn’t even pause.  “Yes.  Sam started the Apocalypse.  I helped.  A demon helped.  Sam was guided and manipulated from infancy by two of the most powerful forces in creation.  But he never became wholly irredeemable, and under Lucifer’s threats, he never broke.  He never once said ‘I screwed up, the world’s gone to hell, I give up.’  And when given the chance to truly right his mistakes, he took it, diving into Hell to trap Michael and Lucifer there and end the Apocalypse with no hope of rescue or reward.  Would you, either of you, have done it?”

There was silence for a moment.  Sam broke it.  “Cas, it’s okay, I don’t care what they think of me.”

Reggie looked a little shaken.  “Sam… how much of what this guy says is true?”

“I’m an angel.  I am a terrible liar,” Castiel said.

Sam chuckled.  “All of it, including that last statement.  Except for accidentally implying that he’s in love with me.”

“It was