“I dunno, man.  You didn’t see him out in the water?”

“No, but I wasn’t exactly looking,” Sam said.  “Just… he’s probably fine and I’m being an idiot.  But keep an eye out for him, just in case?”

“Yeah, of course,” Dean said.  “You goin’ back to the ocean?”

“No, apparently Katelyn wants to meet me, so I’m gonna go say hi,” Sam said.  He didn’t think Dean would get the point, but it was worth a try.

 

“Your friend’s kind of an asshole,” Bethany told Dean as Sam walked away.

“Oh, don’t get me started.”  Dean scanned the beach one last time for Cas, but like Sam said, Cas was probably fine.  He was a big boy, not even he could find too much trouble in ten minutes.  He very deliberately did not look in the direction of Sam and Katelyn.  He got what Sam was doing, of course.  But that was Sam’s problem to deal with, not his.  He wasn’t doing anything wrong.  “He’s normally a really awesome guy, we’ve just been working too hard and needed some time for fun.  The beach?  Is fun!”

“Got that right,” Bethany said.  “There’s supposed to be a volleyball game in about half an hour.  You wanna play?”

Beach volleyball.  Girls in bikinis playing beach volleyball.  “Not really, but if you want to, I would love to come watch.”

 

Cas watched sadly as the school of fish was disrupted by a hungry larger fish.  Most of the striped fish made it away, but the bigger fish managed to catch and eat three of them.  Instead of following the now-smaller school, he chose to follow the larger fish.  It was silly to get attached, of course.  They were only fish, and being eaten was the most likely end for them.

 

One boring conversation with Katelyn later, Sam decided to head over to the volleyball game she’d mentioned.  In gym class, he’d been really good at volleyball.  It was extremely satisfying to pretend the ball was John Winchester’s head and he was spiking it for leaving him behind yet again.  Maybe he could channel that again.  He certainly didn’t have any shortage of heads that would make for satisfying spikes.  Lucifer.  Lilith.  He saw Dean walking over with Bethany.  First spike was Dean’s head, then.

The group was divided into teams, and Sam found himself on the opposite team from Bethany.  Good.  Her team won the coin flip and got first serve.  Sam started on the back line, so no spiking yet.  Instead, he did his best to set up his teammates.

When he rotated up to the net, he turned up the aggression.  Two points later, he got his first spike, and shot Dean a triumphant smirk.

 

Bethany ran off when they got to the volleyball net, and Dean looked around.  He was kind of surprised to see Sam hanging out.  He was even more surprised when he heard Sam’s name called and the director of the game pointed him to a spot on the court.

Turned out Sam was actually pretty good.  Not a surprise, although it had to have been years since Sam would have played.  Maybe at Stanford?  He’d mentioned occasional trips to the beach with his friends from that time.  Didn’t hurt that Sam was 6’4” and did a lot of running and jumping for his life.  Watching him play was enough to make him forget all about the bikinis.  He never took his eyes off Sam.

When Sam spiked the ball and earned his team their first point, he turned and smirked at Dean.  Dean winked at him, and rolled his eyes at the surprise on Sam’s face when Sam realized Dean was watching him.  He motioned for Sam to pay attention to the game, as the ball was already back in play and Sam was still looking at him.

 

Cas was on a mission.  So far, he’d followed seventeen different species of fish, and he was determined to find even more.  He’d had no idea a fish’s life was so interesting, swimming around and seeing all the different things in the ocean.

 

Sam’s team killed Bethany’s.  Sam accepted the coupon for two free ice creams and turned to head back to their umbrella, but he hadn’t made it two steps before Dean was punching his arm.  “Nice.  Didn’t know you could even play.”

“Haven’t played for years, but I always loved it,” Sam said.  “How come you didn’t play?”

“Came to watch the girls, ended up watching you,” Dean said.  “Come on, you know me.  I like to watch.”

“Yes, you do,” Sam said.  “Speaking of watching, any sign of Cas?”

Dean looked at their spot, then spun around.  “No.