.

Sam strokes one reverent hand down its length. 'So beautiful, oh, fuck. So fucking good.'

He pulls back again suddenly. 'Spread your legs.'

Dean does, instant, obedient, baring himself for Sam. His balls feel full and tight with the need to be touched, hanging heavy between his legs against the pull of his dick.

'So good,' Sam says again, and Dean feels the brush of fingers on the swollen-tight skin of his perineum, one swift stroke back from balls to ass. He whimpers and splays his legs wider, wanting it, whatever it is Sam's decided he wants with him.

Sam teases him for what feels like hours, soft, feather-light touches brushing against thighs and belly and balls till Dean's keening in the back of his throat. Every inch of his skin is alert for the next touch, Sam's caresses so unpredictable that every one is shocking and startling. Dean sweats and shivers against the sheets, and he's flying apart, every touch stripping him more naked and spreading him thinner.

Only the bonds at his wrist keep him anchored, safe.

Sudden wet heat closes around his dick, Sam's mouth swallowing him down. Sam's tongue spirals and flutters against the head as he slides back up and fuck - yeah  - it's almost enough -

'Wait.'

Sam's voice is implacable as his fingers circle tight around Dean, clamping down on the orgasm that's on the verge of spilling from him.

'For Christ's sake, Sam, please, you've got to let me, please.' It's so intense that Dean jackknifes up, trying to get at Sam, at his own dick, anything. His bound hands are clumsy, throwing him off balance, and the tiny part of him that's still capable of rational thought notices wryly that he winds up holding them up towards Sam in an attitude of prayer.

'It's okay, Dean, I got you, it's okay.' Sam pushes him back down to the bed, palm heavy and reassuring on his chest even though the other hand is still squeezed tight and unmoving, driving Dean crazy with everything it promises and doesn't deliver. Dean goes with it anyway, lies back obediently and waits for Sam, for what Sam wants.

When Dean is settled back against the pillow, body pliant, Sam lets him go and steps back from the bed. His eyes are dark and heavy-lidded, fixed on Dean while he reaches deliberately for his fly and unbuttons his jeans. Sam's cock springs forward urgently - no shorts, sweet fuck - and Dean's mouth waters at the sight, already feeling the weight and taste of it on his tongue. He licks his lips and sees it jump in response, like it's trying to get to him.

Sam strips the rest of his clothes off, slow and deliberate, his eyes never leaving Dean. They're like another weight, another bond, holding Dean still when everything in him is urging him forward, wanting more more more . When he's finally naked, Sam wraps his fingers around his own dick, rubbing his thumb up under the head against the spot that Dean knows drives him crazy. He jacks it slowly, a half-smile on his lips as he watches Dean's hips jerk up in tiny movements.

'You're so fucking beautiful, you know that, Dean?' Sam's voice is slow and considering, steady even when his thumb catches against the rim once more, making his breath hitch. 'So gorgeous, spread out for me, waiting for me to touch you. To mark you.'

Dean's panting now, shallow and frantic, and his voice comes out thready. 'Yeah, Sam - come on, I want it. Do it, c'mon.'

'Could come just like this, watching you.' Sam doesn't move, doesn't change the pace of his hand on his dick. He just keeps talking, inexorable, while he watches Dean from beneath lowered lids. 'Paint you with my come, on your belly, on your face.'

Dean jerks up hard at the words, cock smearing pre-come against his belly, and Sam gives a short groan.

'Oh, yeah, so good, love watching you like this.' Sam lunges forward abruptly, pressing his thumbs into Dean's thighs and spreading them apart. 'Mine, all for me.'

He spreads Dean's ass, impossibly wide and open, and licks a wide stripe from the base of his cock to his hole. Dean hears a sound tear from his throat, unbidden and alien, and pushes back against Sam's confining hands. Sam licks again, lets his teeth graze against Dean's balls, and then he's fucking Dean in earnest, hard-soft tongue thrusting into him maddeningly.

Dean feels Sam's shoulder moving against his thigh, muscles working as Sam jacks himself, and fuck, that's just too hot.