if it doesn't work out we'll find you something better."

"I don't have the money to split the cost evenly… It would be unfair, I'd be freeloading."

"You're being shafted here so just come with me, you deserve something nice for a change."

"But you don't deserve a leech like me." Cas argued and shook his head, "I can't do that-"

Dean knelt next to him and wrapped him up in a hug again. Cas struggled a bit but melted into it and soon Dean had his angel crawling into his lap. "Take me with you." He whispered and his fingers dug deep into Dean's jacket until he felt it through the winter protection. "Please…"

"Of course, I'm the one who offered." Dean replied softly and before he knew it, before his mind could comprehend half of his evening that far along, he'd carried Castiel's things out of that awful place and took the tired angel home with him. An odd Christmas gesture on his part but he didn't think he'd regret it at any immediate juncture.

Weechesters


 


Dean held Sam's hand as they walked through the mall, they weren't supposed to be out of the motel but John had run off to fight something and Dean wasn't in the mood for staying put. Yeah, there were scary things out there and yeah he could probably get in some serious shit for doing what he was doing but he didn't care. Dean took his four-year-old brother to the mall near their motel; he was lucky that they had stopped in a town where those two things were close by, even if it meant that they could get into just that much more trouble. Regardless this was something he thought Sammy should see.

"Dean, what're we doing?" Sam mumbled over his bad habit of sucking on his fingers. Dean casually reached back and pulled them away from his light nibbling. "Dad's gonna get mad."

"If he doesn't catch us he can't get mad, right?" Dean smiled and ruffled Sam's hair with his free hand, "Don't worry Sammy, we're fine and you're gonna love this."

Sam didn't complain any further after that, mostly because he was infatuated with how the mall was decorated. All of the beautiful twinkling lights that hung down from high ceilings caught his eye, he was barely watching where he was going and that made Dean more grateful their hand-link than anything else.

"This way, Sammy." Dean ushered his little brother along, he could see the set up a little further down the hall. Dean remembered being little; he remembered how his parents took him to a mall when his mom was still alive. He sat on Santa's lap and wished for things, silly stupid things that if he could go back he'd change his wishes every single time. He'd wish for Sam, he'd wish for his mom, he'd wish for his dad. He'd wish harder than anyone and maybe then Santa would do something, that someone would do something. But he couldn't do that anymore; he was too old to wish on Santa's lap.

"Dean," Sam gasped in shock as he stared at the jolly man sitting in red, a fluffy white beard on his chin and a pom-pom at the end of his hat. Sam tugged at his brother's hand repeatedly, "Dean is that Santa?"

"Yep," Dean grinned and continued walking, he noticed that Sam's pace had picked up significantly.

"Can we go? Can we go can we go?" Sammy was now scurrying slightly ahead of Dean and he couldn't do anything other than laugh.

"Of course, that's why I brought you."

Dean led Sam through the line up and straight over to Santa, Sammy was hard to hold back but he managed it. "Ho, ho, ho!" Santa bellowed cheerily and it lit up both Winchester boys' faces. "What have we here?" He leaned down and scooped Sam up who was far too small to climb onto the man's lap himself. "And who are you, young lad?"

Sam fidgeted a bit and Dean could have sworn he was blushing he was so excited, embarrassed and shy all in one. "Sam." He said quietly.

"Hello Sam, have you been a good boy this year?" Santa chuckled and Dean appreciated how friendly he was.

Sam struggled over the question and looked at Dean with a sort of 'was I?' look but he ultimately nodded. "Yeah."

"Ho, ho, ho! That's good, Sam. And what would you like for Christmas this year?"

This one Sam thought long and hard on, he glanced at Santa then Dean then down at himself. "I want…" he frowned and rethought his answer. Santa might have been getting impatient but he