in love with you?  You don’t seem to mind sharing him with me, he’s not stupid, I think he knew we’d find our way back to each other eventually.  I don’t wanna cut him out.  It’ll be different.  I know.  But we can make it work, little brother.  I know we can.”

Sam's got memory problems to go with his physical problems.  Dean takes care of him, but can't help missing his brother.  Especially today.

Warnings: amnesia!Sam, dub-con (ish)

He had no idea what was going on.  Okay, that wasn’t entirely true.  He was in a bed, it was warm, and there was a man slipping in beside him with two mugs of hot chocolate.  But he didn’t know who the man with the hot chocolate was, or why they were in bed together, especially in bed together naked.  Okay, that wasn’t entirely true either.  He wasn’t stupid.  Being in bed together naked probably meant that they were having sex.  But he didn’t know why he was sleeping with this guy.

“Hey, little brother.  How you feeling?”

“Little… what the fuck?  What’s going on here?”

The other guy sighed.  “So, no improvement, then.  Okay.  Your name is Sam Winchester.  I’m your big brother Dean.  I’m also your best friend and your partner in the family business.  And after you lost your girlfriend and came back to me, I also became your boyfriend.  And this is the part where you freak out and try to get out of bed…”

Sure enough, Sam had rolled out of bed, but when he tried to get up, his feet hurt like Hell from even the slightest pressure.  “What’s going on here?  Why can’t I remember any of this?”

“We were on a hunt, and you were hurt.  Badly.  Possessed by a demon that made you stand in a fire, your feet and legs were really badly burned.  When we exorcised the demon, you fell, hit your head, and you’ve had memory problems ever since.  Some days you can remember some things, although nothing since the demon; some days are like today where you don’t even know me.”  Dean reached out to Sam, offering him one of the mugs of hot chocolate.  “Some days you want to hear how we became this, some days you don’t.  Some days you’ll let me stay, some nights you make me sleep on the couch.  Sammy, you do better when you let me stay here, let me take care of you.  Please.  Don’t push me away.”

Sam wanted to, but something in Dean’s eyes made him decide to let Dean stay.  For now.  He took the hot chocolate and took a sip.  It was perfect.  “Who’s we?  You said we exorcised the demon.”

“Friends of ours, Jo and Ellen Harvelle.  They helped me track you down, kept you distracted while I did the exorcism.  Ellen drops by every day it’s safe for her to.  She’ll probably be by around noon with some lunch.  You haven’t thrown anything at me yet.  Generally if you’re gonna be violent, you’ve started by now.”

“They know about… about us?”  Sam looked at the bed.  It did make sense, really.  Explained why he felt safe and loved when he was under the blankets.  Except for the part where Dean was his brother.

“Yeah, they know.  Ellen blames it on our dad, which seems pretty fair, he’s the one who raised us so screwed up that we could fall in love.”  Dean tugged on Sam’s arm, pulling him back under the covers.  “Come on.  You don’t remember, I know, but today’s your birthday.  May 2nd.  Come here and let me hold you for a little bit.  Maybe it’ll help you remember enough that you can fuck me later.  We had such big plans for your birthday… you’d been looking forward to it for months.  Ever since mine, back in January.  Unfortunately, you never told me what they were… although you dropped some hints.  Mentioned the Colt a couple times, said you had a special outfit you couldn’t wait to see me in…”

“Now you’re making shit up.”  But Sam got back under the covers and let Dean snuggle up against him.  “What’d you do for your birthday?”

“Let’s just say neither of us could look at a church for days without turning fifteen shades of red.  You were very creative coming up with penances for all of my sins, and I had to keep up with you.”

Cas decorates the Bunker.  With cursed mistletoe.  Sam and Dean will continue to get colder and colder until they freeze... or they kiss.

Sam is NOT happy about the