and looked over his shoulder as he started programming his requests into the websites.  “You know… I was joking earlier, but you’re describing yourself there, Cassie.”

“I’m also working on very little information,” Castiel said dryly.  “I feel rather confident in saying you’re not their soulmate, but I wouldn’t make any kind of definitive statement that someone is.  I’m sure I’ll be eliminated as a suspect quickly.”

“I don’t know,” Balthazar said, but he backed off.  “Your client, your job.  Good luck.”

 

It was aggravating, sometimes, when Balthazar was right.  Castiel had profiles on all the major sites.  It wasn’t that he believed he’d ever find his non-existent soulmate, it’s just that putting up his own profile had given him practice and insight into how to create profiles and what to search for to match up with others’ profiles.  Castiel couldn’t pretend to be surprised that his profile came back as a match to Sam’s mark on the first site he checked.  By the fifth, when his was one of three that were matched on all five, he was a little irked.  When he was done with the seven sites he liked to use in his first pass, that was down to two 100% matches – his and another.

Castiel liked to start with the 100% matches.  He set his own profile aside, though, to focus on the other one.  This profile looked like a strong contender, and he made several notes of things to follow up on with his client.  He noted several similarities between it and the five- or six-site matches – the client tended to match up with people with oddball senses of humor and military backgrounds, particularly if the prospective match had rebelled against it.

He could hear Balthazar.  “Oh, so you mean like the way you told your father to shove it when he wanted you to go career Air Force.”  Castiel had gone to college on an ROTC scholarship and paid back his four years, and then told his superior officers to go fly a kite when they tried to pressure him to stay.  Including his own father.

An alert from his phone drew Castiel away.  He had an email from his client.


Dear Angel of Solitude,



I know.  My soulmark is incredibly disturbing.  For most of my life, I’ve tried to ignore it.  I was all set to marry a woman who agreed with us that soulmarks are overrated – and then she found her soulmate.  She broke my heart, and I know it broke hers to do it.  I don’t want to be on the other end of that, but I can’t keep my life in a holding pattern, either.  So I figure the worst that happens is I find my soulmate, confirm that my soulmate is a giant bag of dicks – although I hope not literally, but I've seen weirder, so who knows – and I can get on with my life finding some random person who’s lost their soulmate or whatever and not having to worry about hurting them the way I got hurt.  Or I can know that one of the best Angels out there, according to the Internet, couldn’t find my soulmate, so the chances of stumbling across them are even tinier than I originally thought.  Or, long shot but it could happen, my soulmate’s a decent person and we’ll actually be happy together.



The Client With the Thorns and Feathers Tattoo


Castiel couldn’t help the laugh.  If Balthazar was right, it wouldn’t be a terrible thing other than trying to figure out how in the world to explain that.  This client had a great sense of humor, and was clearly intelligent.  He turned his attention to the longer shots, looking for people who might have been left out of the initial pass through the hits just because of failure to put profiles on the other sites and looking for those who were legitimately left out on those other sites.  He could learn from both of those to help him refine his search.

The ones who were left out would show reasons for being left out.  Sometimes, that would be on his client’s end – his client was the type to spend long hours at work, and the prospective match was looking for someone more focused on home, for instance.  Or his client wasn’t big on family gatherings and the prospective match was, or his client put his brother before just about everything and the prospective match wouldn’t appreciate the brother coming before work or their bond.  Sometimes it was on his client’s end.  One prospect who appeared good was apparently eliminated on the basis of hating dogs.  Another was eliminated, as near as Castiel could figure, because of a religious conflict.  It’s not that his client minded religion or had a problem with atheism.  His client had a problem with dogmatism, with someone who believed so strongly that they weren’t open to other viewpoints.  Castiel could sympathize.

He wrote up a profile to send to his client