treasury was never what you’d call full. The King wasn’t a long-term investor. You’d think he’d never heard of a 401K or a mutual fund in his entire life…. All we had in our savings account were dust bunnies and an empty Pez dispenser. I’m guessing that was your contribution to our fiscal future, Dean.

…that’s why the prince used other people’s treasuries to pay his bills like the King taught him…

Dean? You didn’t get another credit card, did you? You said you were going to stop that.

You want my family to stock up on Pez, Sam? It’s just for emergencies.

…so the handsome prince and his ugly little brother went hunting deep in the haunted forest…Don’t worry, Sam. I’ll keep the gore G-rated.

Like Bambi?

Dude….don’t. That’s not funny.

Sorry, Dean.

Don’t think I can’t hear you laughing, asshole.

Watch the compounds! If the kids can conjugate curse words before pre-school, I’m going to kick your ass, Dean.

Sure…motherfu-

DEAN.

Heh. Not like I’m lying though, is it? She’s a mother now and you fu-

God-dammit, Dean!

Now who’s…compounding?

…so the prince and his younger Sasquatchian brother…

That’s not even a word.

It is now. Use your imagination, Sam!

…went deep into the heart of the dark forest where the evil Jo dwelled… 

The evil what?

…the evil Jo was a horribly annoying and whiny thing that liked to provoke the handsome prince…

Dean, you haven’t talked to her for years. What’s with the malice?

Nostalgia. Shut it, Sam.

Is this still about the Impala? You could barely see the scratch!

…so they hunted the vicious, evil Jo who didn’t know how to drive and marred the finest piece of equipment God granted mankind with her shitty little Hyundai…Let it go, Dean. Seriously.

…and when they found the hunchbacked troll-witch…

Troll-witch? Is that like Sasquatchian?

Why can’t a troll be a witch?

Because they can’t speak so they can’t use incantations.

But they have noses – they could be like Tabitha from Bewitched.

They’re trolls.

Fine.

…and when they found the hunchbacked troll-bitch…That’s really not any better, Dean.

Should I stick with troll-witch then?

Please do.

…and when they found the hunchbacked troll-witch…You’ve already said that.

You keep interrupting me, Sam. You’re ruining the creative process here!

…she was shacked up with this huge yellow-eyed dragon disguised as a…goat-herder…A goat-herder?

Yeah, a goat-herder. You prejudiced against people who work with goats, lawyer-man?

No, I am not prejudiced against fictional dragons pretending to be goat-herders.

…they were planning to stomp through the village scratching all the other fine vehicles with their crusty toenails…

Good story, Dean. Really good.

I know!

Sarcasm completely escapes you, doesn’t it.

…and they accidentally stepped on the prince’s ugly brother, making him even uglier…and taller because he got so flat…Does that make the younger brother a Flatsquatchian?

Heh. Yeah, I guess it does….

…so the prince and his hideously deformed little brother…

So I go from just flat to hideously deformed now? Thanks.

You’re welcome. It’s called dramatic tension.

No…it’s not.

It’s my story and I say it is.

I’ll call Steinbeck and tell him to hold onto that Pulitzer or you might just steal it away from him with this masterpiece of literature.

…the prince wanted to be sure to mention how grotesque his little brother was. The younger brother so horrified the townsfolk that his appearance in the town square made the villagers throw rotten fruit and rocks at him…Rocks?

…BIG rocks. Boulders even…

Was this town inhabited by the offspring of the Incredible Hulk?

Um…yes.

…so after the townsfolk finished throwing rocks at the prince’s little brother, they realized they were screwed because they still had to deal with the troll-witch and the goat-herder and they’d used up all of their rocks…Nice plotting, Clancy. I’m on the edge of my seat.

Shut it.

…so the townsfolk begged the prince to save them from this horrible evil…What about the brother?

…and they let the little brother help him…How kind of them.

…the prince thought so, considering his brother’s deformity made them all want to throw up…Maybe the little brother should point the troll-witch and the goat-herder in the direction of the prince’s parked car.

Don’t mess with the