Sam looked, and sure enough, he couldn’t disagree that she was hot.  “In fact, I’m gonna go see what I can make happen, see ya.  Cas, don’t let Sam overthink this, he’s perfectly capable of finding a girl and getting laid.  And he seriously needs to.”

“I’m not overthinking anything,” Sam said as soon as Dean was gone.  “I just think there’s more to life than sex.”

“Dean says you are easier to deal with when you’re getting laid at least semi-regularly,” Castiel said.

“How the hell would he even know?” Sam said, mild irritation changing to full-blown anger.  “I had sex, like, twice in high school, and with Jess and Madison, their deaths have to cancel out any good the sex did.  That just leaves Ruby, and he may remember things differently than I do, but the way I remember it we weren’t getting along very well.”

“That was partly my fault, and I’m sorry,” Castiel said.  “So who is the hottest person in the room to you?”

“Well…”  Part of Sam wanted to lie, but he was trying not to do that anymore.  Not to the people who mattered to him.  It had never worked out well.  “Honestly, you are.  Leaving you aside, the woman in the red tank top Dean pointed out earlier, I guess.”

“You find me attractive?” Castiel said.

Of course the angel wouldn’t just let that pass.  “Yeah.  But, uh, you don’t…”

Castiel looked rather pleased with the information, though.  “That makes Dean’s instructions much easier to follow, then.”

“Huh?”  Oh god.  Dean had given Castiel instructions?  That couldn’t be anything good.

“I rebelled against commanders whose orders don’t make sense, not against orders that I just don’t want to follow,” Castiel said, which didn’t help.

Sam resisted the urge to facepalm.  He and Dean were going to have a nice long discussion about how one treats their angelic friends in the very near future.  “You know you don’t have to do everything Dean says, right?”

“If I can come up with a good reason not to, I don’t,” Castiel said.  “In this case, the only reason I can come up with is that I didn’t want to.”

Morbid curiosity chose now to strike.  “What exactly were you instructed to do?”

“Dean instructed me to ‘make sure Sammy leaves with a hot babe so he can get laid,’” Castiel said.  Sam knew that Castiel was going to do it, too, because Dean told him to.

“I’m going to kill him,” Sam said with his face buried in his hands.  “It’s bad enough when he gets like this, why does he have to drag you into it?”

“Because he believes that you deserve to be loved, and given the difficulty of finding a long-term partner with your life, this is an acceptable substitute,” Castiel said.  “He brought me in because I’m far less likely to leave you for a hookup of my own.”

Sam groaned.  “Dean’s an idiot.  If I want to hook up, I am perfectly capable of finding someone.  You don’t have to…”

“Maybe not, but I agree with Dean’s motive, if not his methods.  And it won’t be difficult now,” Castiel said.

“How’s it easier now?”  If that red tank top turned out to be an old angel friend of Cas’s…

The last thing Sam would have expected is what Castiel said.  “Apparently, I qualify as a hot babe.  So if I leave with you…”

Sam was incredibly grateful he hadn’t moved his face away from his hands.  “I’m pretty sure that’s not what Dean meant.”

“Then he should have clarified,” Castiel said.  “He failed to do so.”

Sam’s common sense put up a valiant fight, but in the end, curiosity won out.  “What about the part about getting laid?”

Castiel shrugged.  “My responsibility ends with ensuring you have the opportunity.  Whether you choose to take it is up to you.”

“No, I mean…”  Sam trailed off as his brain started catching up to his mouth.  “Never mind.”

“Dean once again failed to specify that the opportunity had to be with the person you left with, and he’s well aware of the fact that I often don’t pick up on what he leaves unsaid.  So I could argue as long as I give you the opportunity to choose someone else, I’ve fulfilled the order even if you choose to leave with me.”

Sam finally picked up his head as he burst into laughter.  “Dean is going to say I’m a terrible influence on you.  That is the best lawyer speak I have ever heard.”