?” Cas says slowly, not looking the hunter in the eyes. His hands clench into fists and Dean’s heart drops, remembering the last time Castiel was this angry with him. He swallows thickly, grasping desperately for words which didn’t come to him.

“The only thing that can kill an angel… is another angel,” Cas says, finally looking up to meet Dean’s eyes and he looks absolutely furious. “Why did you not ask for my help?” His nostrils flare a little and Dean is frozen in place with fear. Yes, he has always known Cas could fling him right back to the Pit or kill him with a flick of his finger, but he’d never thought he could actually provoke the angel to do so. He’d always been oddly protective of Dean. Now, he wasn’t so sure that still held true.

“You’re fighting a war up there, Cas. I didn’t want to bother you.”

“Don’t lie to me, Dean. Do you detest my presence so much you would rather die than bow down your head and pray for my help?” the angel says it so evenly; every word feels like a precision cut with a scalpel to his very soul.

“Don’t mess about in my head, Cas,” Dean says defensively, trying to take a step back.

“I don’t have to, Dean. I know you better than you know yourself; I remade you when I raised you from perdition.”

Castiel is still staring unwaveringly at him, his gaze heavy with unspoken accusations. They’re suddenly interrupted when the ground beneath their feet begins to shake.

“I must go deal with the angel. This conversation is not over.” The angel is gone before Dean can protest, but he’ll be damned if he doesn’t follow after Cas. He’s got everything backwards, it’s Dean who’s supposed to be the angry one here. He hears Sam groggily waking up when he runs down the shaking stairs, but he should be safe with Jo.

*

“Iofiel, please.”

Castiel is standing fearlessly in front of the enraged angel.

“Hello Castiel,” Iofiel bites out, not looking at all placated. “Why are you protecting the Winchesters? Surely you know you will gain nothing for the War by letting them live.”

“They are my friends.”

The blond angel laughs outright, looking at Cas with pity. “You are a fool, Castiel. They have polluted your mind. Humans need not a place in this universe. Particularly those two. They have hunted me down and harmed my true vessel,” he snarls in Dean’s direction.

“Brother,” Castiel pleads, maintaining a calm tone. “Return to heaven with me. There is much to be done.”

“And get killed by Raphael for siding with you? No.” Iofiel throws his long, blond hair back with a smug grin plastered on his vessel’s lips. “You destroyed all order within the Host, there is nothing keeping me there anymore. I have found… contentment here. Humans fear my powers and truly appreciate my beauty.”

There’s a moment of heavy silence between the two angels and Dean isn’t eager to be the one to break it.

“You have become vain, Iofiel,” Castiel’s finally says and his voice seems to drop lower with warning and regret. With only a slight rustle of movement, his angel blade is out. “Do not make me do this, brother.”

Iofiel’s movements are less efficient, but fast and graceful – he reveals his own blade and stands defiantly before Castiel.

“You can’t make me go back!” he shouts and launches himself forward with lightning speed. Dean backs away into a corner of the room. “It’s chaos up there and no place for one such as myself. I exist to appreciate beauty and there is none in the endless carnage between our kind.”

Dean’s breath is fast and shallow – he really hadn’t thought of how bad it must have been in Heaven. It had always seemed orderly and untouchable, but now… He really should have asked if Castiel needed help instead of hiding like a coward in order to play house with a woman who didn’t love him and a child he couldn’t be a good father to.

There’s a flash and he can’t tell what’s happening, there’s an agonising scream from Iofiel and the angel drops dead to the floor.

“There we go. Done and done,” Crowley drawls smugly. He’s standing over the dead body and casually wiping the blood off his angel blade with the victim’s own white suit, now splattered red. Castiel looks paralyzed for a second, but then he raises his blade again.

“Hey!” Crowley jumps away, instantly on guard. “I helped you kill the rebel angel, no blood on your hands today, so be a little grateful.” He tucks away his blade into the folds of his black cloak.

“Where