blind with two men that were obviously going to do whatever the hell they wanted to you no matter what you did. 

“What do you want to try next? Or does the tent in your pants mean you want to keep going with your plan?” Dean asked sounding cock, but closer to you. 

“She hasn’t responded to anything until we have touched her. I don’t think cutting her up would work because when she fell it obviously hurt but she made no pain noises.” Sam said walking behind you while he thought over the situation. 

“Do whatever works I just want some play time.” Dean chuckled closer than you had realized. You tried to move back from him.

“What you don’t like that idea?” Dean asked before hands grabbed your waist again pulling you into the new man. He smelled slightly like beer and old spice the feel of his hands made your stomach flip-flopped suddenly. You tried to move away again your feet lightly hitting Dean’s legs.

“Tell us where the other vamps are sweetheart or I’m going to take your shirt off first.” Dean threatened in your ear through the bag. You try everything to get away from him just making him laugh. You hear a light click sound before the back of your shirt was grabbed and cut down the middle. At the same time, your front and arms were also ripped apart leaving your breast exposed to the cold air. You try to stop the tear from running down your face, but this was terrifying. 

“Damn these look good enough to fuck.” Dean moaned nest to your face making you want to desperately to scream in fear. 

“Tell us where the vamps are. You know what will happen next.” Dean said popping you right bra strap painfully. You tensed still remaining silent making Dean sigh. Your bra began to get unclipped before the straps were cut and the fabric was pulled from your body. Your nipples were hard standing upright on your round breast. 

“Can’t say I don’t like this kind of interrogation.”  Dean moaned pushing his hips into yours to add truth to his words. You were constantly crying now your mouth forming "I don’t know in" fear and panic until your nipple was touched by something warm and wet. You tensed feeling lips sucking your left nipple into a mouth. a warm tongue licked back and forth over it.  Two other hands cupped your butt firmly squeezing each cheek painfully. You were pinned between unwanted pleasure and pain.

“If you want this to stop just tell us what we want to know. Are those murdering freaks worth what we are about to do to you?” Sam whispered in your right ear. Your jeggings started to get unbuttoned making you start really panic. For the first time, you cocked back your leg kicking wildly trying to knock the men away from you. You connected with someone making you feel more afraid than anything else.

“Fucking bitch, you’re lucky you’re a weak little thing or that might have really hurt.” Dean snarled grabbing your still kicking leg easily. Your buttons started to be touched again making you sob silently in defeat feeling your jegging being pulled down your legs along with your boots. They left you in your dark purple cotton whale-tail thong. 

“This color really suits you.” Sam complemented pulling the elastic back to pop it against your skin. A hand cupped your breast again just kneading at the full breast while your thong began to be removed. 

“Jezz this thing is soaking wet. Maybe she actually likes all this kinky shit.” Dean chuckled in front of you. You mouthed stop over and over crying nonstop when you hear zippers from behind and in front of you. 

“What should we try next Sammy?” Dean asked walking around you with heavy footsteps.

“Well I know what I want to do, but it’s a little weird.” Sam said before two hands started at you’re your butt running down to your thighs to lift you up around large hips letting a naked penis lay against your inner thigh close to your lips. 

“This whole thing is a little weird Sam, but here I am hard and ready for whatever you will let me do to this perfect little piece of bait.” Dean said behind you as two more hands cupped your breast roughly pinching your nipples.

“Then I have not gotten laid in like two weeks. I need to go first.” Sam said pushing his hips into yours. Dean kiss the back of your neck licking lightly along your skin. 

“Then she is all yours. But as soon as she starts answering some motherfucking questions we stop.” Dean said firmly slapping your ass hard as Sam straightened his penis to your entrance. He shoved inside of your thrashing body pulling your butt flush with his hips. He moaned cupping your butt for leverage. You were leaning backward on the ropes above you making your body bend awkwardly just letting Sam get deeper. You were screaming silently under the hood they refused to take off.

“Come on darlin just tell us where the nest is.” Dean said in your ear while Sam set a hard