I do, too.”

“I can see that.”  Dean held out a hand, which Castiel shook.  “Listen, Sam said your family’s not necessarily the best… if something happens, if Luke messes up and you don’t feel safe there, you have Sam’s phone number and I’ll get yours from him to text you mine.  You need a way out, get a message to us and we’ll be there to bust you out as soon as we can.”

Cas was very confused now.  “You will?”

Dean grinned.  “Yeah.  We’ll try to get your car, Sammy said that the look on your face when you were talking about it was the same one I get when I talk about my baby, but if we can’t… we’re still there for you.”

“But…”

Dean clapped a hand to Cas's shoulder, causing the halo to vibrate a little as his thumb clipped the wire holding it up.  He chuckled a little.  “Sam’s last boyfriend started giving me a resume and what he planned to do with his future.  Nothing in there about Sammy.  He wasn’t even planning on going to college with Sam.  Never liked that kid.  There’s only one right answer to why someone’s good enough for my little brother, and you got it.  Because Sam says so.  The fact that you’re willing to stand up for him is a good bonus, too.  Now, obligatory protective big brother thing, you hurt Sam I will hurt you, but other than that you get the benefit of a protective big brother now.  And believe me, if Sam screws this up, I’ll make him pay too.”

“Um.  Okay.”

“We should get going, but it was nice to meet you, Cas.”  Dean went for the car.

“Sorry about him.  Again.”  Sam wrapped his arms around Castiel.  “But he wouldn’t have offered to come get you if he didn’t really like you.  You’ve got nothing to be scared of from him.”

Castiel goes home.  Or tries to.

Castiel didn’t want to get his hopes up, and sure enough, when it was time to go, Luke hadn’t snuck anything else into their room.  Luke stood in the doorway with a smirk.  “Don’t worry, you’re all packed for the holidays, I already loaded up the car.  Shall we?”

Castiel headed for the car.  Once they were settled in, Castiel glanced over at his friend.  “Luke, why are you doing this?  I’ve put up with it, pretty well I think, but going home dressed like this could actually get me hurt.  We’ve been like brothers all our lives.  Do you really not care?”

Luke rolled his eyes.  “Oh, come on, that's not true at all.  Wearing your new rainbow flag trench coat, that might get you hurt.  Showing up dressed like the angel they think you are?  You’ll be fine.  Heck, we’re gonna get there after midnight, they’ll probably be so tired they don’t even notice what you’re wearing now that you’ve ditched the halo.”

Luke actually had a point there.  His parents were normally the type to be in bed by 10.  Staying up until he arrived was their way of showing that they cared, not that it didn't make Cas feel like he was still in high school, but they meant well.  They would be tired, though.  “That still doesn’t tell me why.”

“No, it doesn’t, does it?”  Luke cranked up the music and turned to stare out the window.

 

It was nearly 1 am when Castiel turned into the driveway.  Luke got out and grabbed his bags to head across the yard to his house.  Castiel was still gathering his when Anna came flying out of the house.  “Cas, they know.  I’m not saying Luke, but someone sent them pictures of you kissing some guy.  Sam, I assume.  Like, ten minutes ago.”

“Luke.  He said he’d text and let them know we were almost here.  I’m going to kill him.”  Castiel's grip tightened on the strap of his backpack as he tried to decide whether to run after Luke or go inside and... deal with things, whatever was coming.

“You might want to get out of here.  They’re still kind of in shock.  But Dad was getting his rant face on, so…”

“Thanks for the warning.”  Cas hugged Anna and dropped his bags back in the trunk.  “I love you, Anna.  Do you want to come with me?  You’re going to get in trouble for warning me…”

Anna ruffled Cas's hair.  “That’s what big sisters are for.  Get out of here.  Is there anything you want me to tell Rachel when she wakes up to find her big brother’s not