very slowly before thrusting all the way back in forcing your walls to accept every inch of him.

“I hate virgins.” Dean gasped pushing your legs high on his toned abdomen. His fingers digging into your thighs.

“They are always too fucking tight.” He groaned slapping his skin against your body lighting fast. 

“For my big fucking cock.” He fucked you brutally taking every small sliver of hope for pleasure with every painful pound.  

“Moan or something.” Dean barked going harder in irritation. You make small moan noises still not looking at his face. He pressed his body close to yours his hair pressing against his forehead from the sweat. You moan louder as his body starting to crush yours into the creaking mattress. Without warning, Dean pulled out of you pumping his cock a few more times before he shot his semen all over your legs and lower half painting your lower lips with his come. 

“You gonna need that later. I wouldn’t clean it off if I were you.” Dean panted out of breath with a small grin on his face. You whimpered as he climbed off the mattress leaving you handcuffed and sore. You had gotten no pleasure from that at all, your friend at school had lied to you. It was nothing, but pain and misery deep in your soul. Dean was on the other side of the room drinking a glass of water in the small kitchen area of the open cabin. His eyes were looking at your broken body still tied up and waiting for his needy cock. He put his glass down on the counter wiping his mouth before walking back over to you.

“Why have not you cried yet?” Dean asked seeing your eyes were puffy, but you were holding back. 

“I was told never to cry in front of you fathers friends.” You say automatically your teeth grinding thinking about the man that did this to you really. The man that let this happen. Dean smirked at you walking back over to the counter picking up a pack of cigarettes and tapping them wandering back over to the bed. He sat at the end of the mattress cross-legged setting your legs in his lap. He spread your legs looking at your white covered pussy.  

“Hon he told you that so his gross old friends could get off without you freaking out. Do you know why I took you here?”  He asked pulling a lighter and single cigarette from the pack lighting it and taking a long drag staring at you. 

“No Daddy.” You say softly fighting the urge to kick the fuck out of him as hard as you could in the nose. Dean smiled at the nickname letting the smoke out of his lungs into the air stalling.

“You were sold to me.” Dean said simply watching your face scrunch in confusion. He chuckled taking another drag his free hand softly rubbing your leg.

“Do you want to know why ____.” Dean asked like this was all a joke to him.

“Yes Daddy.” You say firmly. He his smoke out back into the air above his head a light gray mist around his head. 

“Your Dad didn’t have enough money for a bet he placed. So, he told me about his little blowjob thing he had going with you when he was in this kind of situation before.” Dean explained holding the cigarette on his leg his free hand holding firm to your leg. Your eyes never left his as his finger dug into your flesh painfully from his free hand. 

“I didn’t want just a blowjob from another slut he owed me to damn much for that. So, he sold you to me. All of you belongs to me. You asked me earlier when you were going back? The answer is never.” Dean said coldly taking another drag from the cigarette now half way gone his ashes on the floor. You couldn’t breathe and you weren’t sure if it was form the tobacco or the fact that you will have to have sex with this evil man for the rest of your life. You laid there looking away from Dean to just stare at the ceiling trying to collect your composure.

“Still won’t cry?” Dean asked again pulling you from your focus. You gulped not looking at him just hearing him take deep breaths of the cigarette. 

“I know how to make you cry.” Dean chuckled throwing your legs off his lap as he got up quickly. You started to shake almost wishing you would cry so he would stop bothering you about it. He came back with a bottle of clear stuff without a label. He grabbed your cuff undoing just your right arm pulling you up from the bed so he could lay down. You stand stiffly your mind telling you to fight, but you stand to watch him spread the liquid on to his rehardened shaft. 

“Sit on my hips.” Dean instructed pulling your hand to the other cuff above his head on the metal frame. You straddled his wide straight hips your legs at an uncomfortable stretch to sit up on his cock. He reached in between your legs touching your clit for a second before holding his dick straight up and down. 

“Try to relax your