… in like two…” Dean shakes his head once. “Or maybe five? Yeah, five minutes.” Sam gives Cas a tense smile. “So,” he says awkwardly. “Good luck,” and then he chucks Cas on the shoulder. “I hope you and your brother… hit it off.”

“Thank you, Sam.”

Sam makes a not-so-discreet exit and Dean is left with his fists jammed into his jean pockets, head titled down, eyes glancing up.

“You wish to say something?” asks Castiel patiently.

“Uh, well, you know. Wanted to wish you… luck and… stuff.”

Eloquence thy name is not Dean Winchester. But the effort he is putting forth makes Castiel warm in his chest.

When Cas doesn’t say anything, Dean clears his throat. “So, uh, how long you think you’ll be gone?”

“I do not know,” Castiel says, his brows drawn together.

“You know this dude well? I mean, well enough?”

“Not at all, actually. I know of her. But…” he sighs and it’s so human it takes Dean by surprise. “But I do believe that if anyone would wish to assist me, it could be her. She was once mortal. She likely has a special affinity for humans.”

“Mud monkey lover.”

“I have never thought of you as that.” Castiel’s voice is soft and low.

“I know,” says Dean, equally soft, equally low. “So, you’ll, uh, be careful? Right?”

“Of course.”

Dean nods. “Right, of course. Well…”

He gets cut off as Cas leans forward awkwardly and presses his lips to Dean’s. Sam wasn’t wrong earlier when he said he thought Dean and Cas had figured this out and were an item. They have figured it out. Some of it. Part of it.

Okay, so they haven’t so much “figured it out” as they have figured out that they have stuff between them to figure out. They were working on what that meant. And since neither one of them was going to win any Share Bear Certificates, it was slow going.

It’s possible glaciers had crossed the poles at faster speeds.

But they’ve got kissing down. As long as they can start kissing. There’s always some hesitant, uneasy shifting or jerking until their lips finally meet. After that it’s hot slides of tongue and hands grabbing at each other, sometimes harshly, sometimes cautiously.

This is one of the cautious kisses. A You be careful kiss answered by a Of course I will kiss.  Dean steps in closer and one of his hands comes up to cup Castiel’s jaw, the other snakes under Cas’ arm and around the small of his back. Castiel settles his hands on Dean’s hips, just where the denim hangs a little low. They mouth at each other, both of them thoughtful about and attentive to what they are doing. The tips of their tongues touch delicately, almost skating over one another. Their lips touching say what lips speaking can’t. I’ll miss you and worry, followed by I will miss you too and will return.

Cas breaks it off first. Eyes downcast at Dean’s lips as he speaks. “I will be late.”

“Yeah.” Dean nods. “Yeah,” he says again, quieter. “So, how will I… maybe you could… never-mind.”

“I will send you a message letting you know if it is going well.”

“That’d be cool.”

“I am nothing if not ‘cool’.”

Dean has just enough time to realize that Cas made a joke before he’s gone in a rush of wind and sound.

***

He looks around at first and doesn’t see anyone. He has no idea what he should be looking for since Dean’s description of “Punky Brewster grown up but not” means nothing to him.

Then he sees her.

She doesn’t look up as he approaches, she is focused on the lonely penguin egg in front of her. It’s slightly cracked and frozen. It looks like it has been there for some time. He stands over her for a solid five minutes. It is irrelevant to both of them, time is different for angels and neither minds.

“Didn’t make it,” she says sadly. She pets the shell lightly, touching only the tips of her fingers to it. With a soft sigh, she stands.

She is nearly as tall as him with her boots on. Of course, Castiel has no interest in her outfit and doesn’t care that she’s in a red poodle skirt and black cashmere sweater, matched (or unmatched as the case may be) with long, scarlet feathers strung through her pigtails. They bob and sway in the light breeze. He knows she does not mind the cold at all. He does not mind it much.

“Hello, Castiel.”

“