problem with explorers was that they rarely made it back home – not because the dragons did anything to them, but because they were curious about more than just dragons and ran afoul of bad weather, poor terrain, or non-sentient wildlife.

Now that the dragons were gone, except for Castiel, the humans had stopped believing in dragons.  Castiel hadn’t spoken to anyone in nearly a hundred years.  He’d always liked solitude, preferring to watch and observe from afar, but now it was weighing on him.  He missed Balthazar and Anna and his friends among the dragons.  It was possible Gabriel was out there somewhere, but if so, he’d been in hiding for so long that Castiel had no idea how to find him.

 

The noise outside his lair startled him.  A voice – a human voice – speaking the language of the dragons.  The accent was horrible, an obvious sign of never having heard the language spoken properly, but Castiel could understand it.

The human was reciting a spell, one that would compel a dragon to show itself and speak.  Castiel loved the irony.  “Human.  There is no need.  What brings you to the lair of a myth?”

The human jumped to his feet.  “You’re real?  Wow!  I didn’t think… this was a last-hope attempt… um.  Right.  My name’s Sam Winchester, and my brother’s dying of something that the physicians and witches I’ve spoken to can’t do anything about.  One of them told me that according to legend, before the dragons left our world, they could heal things that humans couldn’t – and that according to legend, a dragon had lived in this area.  My brother’s all I’ve got.  I’ll do whatever you ask, if you can heal him.”

Castiel hummed.  He could probably heal the human’s brother.  “What were you thinking you could do for me?”

“Honestly?  I have no idea.  I’ve already told you I don’t have anything worth trading, and if you’ve been out here on your own for the last hundred years, what could you possibly want or need from a human?  If there is something, I’ll do whatever I can.”

It was true.  He didn’t need a human to bring him food, he’d never really been interested in treasure like others had, Castiel had everything he needed taken care of already.  He’d never wanted much.  “Do you think you could bring your brother here?  I’d prefer not to go to a human settlement.  It wouldn’t take long until one of your warriors took it into their head to claim a rare prize.”

“I can do that.  I’ll return as quickly as we can.”

 

That turned out to be seven days.  The whole time, Castiel wracked his brain trying to come up with some form of payment.  He couldn’t think of anything.

Sam’s brother Dean’s illness turned out to be trivial for an ice dragon to cure.  A virus had set a fire in his flesh.  “Do not fear for your brother, Sam.  I can cure this.  It will look a bit odd to you, but I promise, it will bring no further harm to him and when it’s done, he will be cured.”

Sam nodded and stepped away from his unconscious brother.  Castiel breathed over Dean, encasing him in a coat of ice.  Sam started to protest, but held his tongue at a reproachful glare from Castiel.  As the ice melted away from Dean, Castiel could feel it taking the virus and the fire with it.  Dean sat up as the last of the ice melted.  “Where the hell… Sammy?  What did you do?”

“Dean.”  Sam dropped to his knees beside his brother.  “Dean, are you all right?  How do you feel?”

“Soaked.  Cold.  Where are we?”

“We’re… you’re not going to believe this.  I found a dragon and he saved your life.”

“Dammit, Sam.  What crappy deal did you have to make?  Not like we’ve got anything a dragon would want…”

“I don’t know.  He hasn’t told me what the price is yet.  Whatever it is, it’s worth it.”  Sam got to his feet and faced Castiel.  “What do you ask as payment?”

“I…”  Castiel looked at the brothers, trying to think fast.  Payment was necessary, but he couldn’t come up with anything.

Sam, sensing his confusion, looked down at his brother.  “Dean, don’t be mad at me for this.  I had to do it.  You’d do the same for me.”

“Sammy, what are you doing?”  Dean scrambled to his feet.  “Don’t do anything stupid.”

“Castiel, I spoke with Bobby, the witch who told me about you.  He suggested that the one thing you couldn’t provide for