you know what that mystery text said?"

"I don't know. The store couldn't recover it for me and he didn't show it to me before the phone got smashed."

"Dammit. Okay, well I'm gonna try to call him later tonight. See if I can work this out."

"Good. I can tell him you're calling, so –"

"No," Dean cut in hurriedly. "Don't do that. Sam's got a huge independent streak, and he'll be beyond pissed if he thinks you're meddling in his family life behind his back. You sound like a nice girl, so just trust me when I say you don't want to get involved in this. I'll fix it, okay? But if we ever end up seeing each other in person around Sam, we've never met until that moment. Understand?"

"Got it. I'll get this phone home to Sam. Good luck, Dean."

"Thanks. Bye, Jessica…"

"Jess."

"Right. Bye, Jess."

The call ended abruptly, and Jessica sighed, slipping the phone back into its box after deleting any evidence that Dean had ever been called. She didn't know why, but she had a sinking feeling that this wasn't going to be resolved as easily as Sam's brother made it sound. Either way, she'd done all she could. Now she would just have to take care of him and wait for Dean to do the rest.

Disclaimer: Supernatural and its characters are the property of Eric Kripke. Sadly, I do not own any of these guys.

A/N: Here it is, the part I was most looking forward to writing for so long. It also has the potential to fit into the canon if you want it to. Enjoy!

It should never have happened like this. Never. Jess was supposed to be safe. Sam was supposed to be normal, on the path to law school and living the American dream. But now everything was gone, taken away in a rush of fire before anyone could do anything to stop it. Now both brothers stood in the middle of an enormous cemetery, watching as a casket was lowered into a freshly dug grave that should have held someone much older than Jessica Moore.

Dean waited silently a few yards behind Sam, giving his little brother the space he needed but staying near enough to swoop in and take him out of there the instant Sam indicated that he couldn't handle it anymore. The coat of his hastily-bought black suit was too big, and the bunching material shifted uncomfortably beneath his tie and made his neck itch. He was sweating slightly underneath the cheap fabric, thanks to Palo Alto being sixty-five degrees even in November, but he didn't complain; whatever discomfort he felt outside must be tenfold for Sam on the inside.

The memorial service had been held on campus, so there were few people standing here now. Sam and Jessica's parents and extended family seemed to be the only ones, as a matter of fact. Sam watched, stone-faced, as Jessica's casket was finally deposited in the ground and the cables holding it were removed. Ironic, Dean thought, that they would bother to pay for a casket and bury it empty. There had been nothing left of Jessica but ashes, not even bones. The hottest fire anyone around here had ever seen, the firemen said.

"No shit," Dean thought with a disgusted shake of his head. "Natural fires can't burn anywhere near as hot as these two did."

He saw Sam lift his arm up and cough into the sleeve of his suit, and his concern for his brother reared its head yet again. He'd had that cough ever since Dean pulled him away from the fire, which was to be expected after being exposed to so much smoke. The only problem was that Sam wasn't taking care of himself. He hadn't eaten once since the fire, had barely slept except when he simply became exhausted enough to slump over for an hour or two in whichever uncomfortable motel chair he was sitting in. If it hadn't been for Dean pushing him into the bathroom and telling him he reeked, he wasn't even sure the kid would have showered on his own yet.

He wanted to get Sam out of there right-the-hell-now and make him get some much-needed sleep, but he knew his brother wouldn't take kindly to that kind of treatment. So he lingered in the background, waiting for any sign that his little brother needed his help.

It was a shame, he thought. Jessica was such a nice girl. When she had picked up the phone and called him a little over a year ago, he had been able to tell immediately how much she loved his brother. It made him happy to know someone was taking care of Sammy even when he couldn't, and she'd kept her word about not mentioning the call