-complex. Great." Dean grabbed your shoulders, shaking you slightly. "No! He has those incredible powers. He is the god!" You hummed in acknowledgement. "So. He has powers. Crowley has them too, but he's no god." Dean just sighed. 

You were sitting in your room, cleaning all of your knives and guns. You noticed steps coming towards your room, but paid little to no mind. The door opened, revealing Chuck. You nodded your head at him as a greeting. He sat down on the bed beside you. "You okay?", you asked when you noticed his lack of words. He took a deep breath. "I know you're hurt (YN)." You raised your eyebrow. "I'm perfectly healthy.", you interrupted. He shook his head. "I mean, mentally. I know you don't believe in me." Him saying that made a strange form of anger grow in you. "I heard your praying. I heard your mothers praying, your fathers praying. I'm sorry, but I just couldn'd-" - "You couldn't have done anything, Chuck! Don't talk like you know about my family being murdered! About the pain, the sadness. Don't talk like you know me, because you don't!", you yelled at him, tears threatening to spill from your eyes as you stood. You wanted to punch him, wipe the pity from his face. "I do know you. I made you. I know you don't believe in me, but I would like to restore your faith." You looked at him sharply. "Shut up, Chuck!", you growled, clenching your fists. He stood as well, a pleading look on his face. "(YN) please!" Your throat tightened. "He doesn't exist!", you screamed, whipping around to look at him once again. Suddenly he was there, hands on either side of your head. Then there was a sudden calmness. You relaxed, and you realized Chuck told you the truth. You felt your legs wobble and give out under you. Chuck quickly caught you, pressing you against him. "I'm sorry. I really am. I know there's a lot of bad stuff happening to good people, but it doesn't work that way." You nodded into his shoulder, only seconds from falling asleep. He placed you on the bed. "I'll try to make it up. I swear."

Chuck was gone. He had vanished with his sister, needing some alone time with her after all what had happened. You felt a bit abandoned. First he restored your faith in him, and then he left. Again. You wanted to be angry, wanted to not believe in him anymore. But you couldn't. He made you understand his reasoning, his way of thinking. You couldn't get yourself to hate him. So you were left, praying and hoping to see him again.

You had been happier since Chuck restored your faith. You weren't cold anymore, but friendly. Sam and Dean had noticed, of course, but kept silent about it. They didn't want to ruin their new-found peace by bringing something up you didn't want to talk about. Peace wouldn't describe the overall situation, though. It was just a little less dangerous. Monsters still existed, people still died, but the world wasn't on the verge of ending. 

You were sitting in the kitchen. Sam and Dean were out on a hunt, and you had to stay behind with a broken leg. The last hunt didn't go too well. You got distracted, and the werewolf you were hunting jumped you and broke the bone with its weight. Now you were stuck in the bunker with a cast, bored out of your mind. You had baked several pies for Dean, re-organised the library and cleaned the entire bunker. You weren't sure how exactly you did all that with the cast, but you weren't going to question it. You rubbed your face tiredly, stretching your shoulders. It was late in the evening, so you decided to call it a day and head to bed. A crutch in both your hands you stood up. 

You fell asleep almost immediately after your head hit the pillow. It was weird, since you never really able to fall asleep easily. Colours swirled around your body, morphing into a meadow with flowers scattered around you. You looked around confusedly. Normally your dreams were weird or horrible. But this one seemed peaceful. You felt warm, as if the sun wasn't only shining onto your skin, but into your heart as well. You smiled, feeling the grass on your bare feet. This dream felt so real. You had a feeling someone was around. You looked forward, then left and right, and then turned around to be face a familiar person. "Chuck?", you asked, confused. He only smiled at you