.

"Cassie?"

Has looked down to Sam, who looked sad, "Ya baby?"

Sam looked up to Cas, "Is De and the puppy gon' be alright?"

Cas gave him a small smile, pulling Sam into a hug, "They'll be just fine. And I'm sorry for yelling at you earlier. I was just worried."

Sam nodded, "It's okay Cassie."

~~~~~~~~~

By time Benny came out, Sam was passed out on Cas's lap.

When Cas saw Benny, he immediately stood up, Sam in his arms.

"Are they alright?"

Benny nodded his head for them to walk down to Dean's room, "Their both fine. Though, all the stress that Deans been recently subjected too raised his blood pressure, which caused the pains from the pup."

Cas looked at Benny a little startled. Benny smiled, "Yes, I know what's been happening, Dean tells me, I'm his best friend, well besides you, and he needed to talk when he couldn't talk to you obviously."

Cas felt like shit, he's been putting all this stress on his mate when he was supposed to be the one that lowered it. He could have lost his pup.

"He awake?"

Benny shook his head no, "He should wake up soon though. I gave him a light dose of anesthesia to make things easier. It didn't harm the pup."

Cas nodded, "When can he go home?"

"I'll release him tomorrow. Though, Cas, try to keep his stress down. I know you guys are having problems and I know how Alphas can lose control of their anger quickly but him and the pup need peace."

They got to Dean's room and Benny opened the door. Cas walked in and Dean was on his back, hands holding his belly, asleep.

Benny left Cas after, quietly shutting the door.

Cas softly lowered Sam next to Dean, him just fitting in the space Dean wasn't taking up. Sam snuggled right up to Dean. Cas smiled softly.

Cas was just admiring his mate when Dean started waking up.

Dean shifted and turned his head towards Cas, he slowly opened his eyes.

His voice was groggy when he spoke, "Hey."

Cas gave him a soft smile, "Hey sweetheart. You scared us."

Dean gave a chuckle, "scared myself. Thought I was going to lose her. Benny told me what happened before I went to sleep." Dean rubbed a hand over his baby bump, feeling her kick.

"How are you feeling?"

Dean lazily stared at Cas, "Tired."

Cas nodded, "Benny gave you a light anesthesia to help relax you. He says you can go home tomorrow."

Dean nodded. Cas looked at the time, he should get Sam home to bed.

"I should get Sam to bed. I'll come get you tomorrow." Cas stood up and kissed Dean's head, heasitantly rubbing his hand down Dean's belly, "I love you Omega. I love you all."

Dean smiled up at him, pulling him down for a proper kiss.

When they seperated, Cas picked Sam up and kissed Dean one last time before leaving.

~~~~~~~~~~

Dean was glad when Cas had picked him up and he was dishcharged from the hospital. Sam was at school so they were alone.

"Dean I'm sorry."

Dean turned to Cas, "For what?"

Cas sighed, eyes focused on the road, "For the past month, for everything about it. I put so much stress on you and the pup, I shouldn't have done that."

Dean smiled softly, "It's okay Cassie. We're okay. We'll be fine with time. Though, we haven't had sex in a while and I'm feeling quite... Wet. Sam's not home either."

Cas's eyes dialated and he could smell the slick that Dean was leaking.

He pressed the accelerator harder.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

When they stumbled in the house, they were already kissing and undressing each other.

Cas pushed Dean against the door when it closed, lips leaving Dean's to track a trail of saliva down his neck and to the bite he had left years ago.

He bit his mating bite hard, making it bleed again, reclaiming his mate. Dean moaned and bucked his hips, Cas lapped at the blood, soothing the bite.

Cas scented Dean's neck and smelled their intermixed scents.

Dean whined, "Alpha, I need-"

Cas growled, "I know my love. Have patience, you'll get what you want soon."

Dean groaned and pushed his hips against Cas's, rubbing their erections together.

Cas pinned Dean's hips to the wall, his lips working their way back to Dean's own lips.

Cas kissed him deeply. They kissed for a couple minutes.

Cas pulled back and grabbed Deans hand, pulling him upstairs and into their room.

Cas laid Dean down on the bed, standing