sideways, all of his instincts to regain his balance failing him. He stumbled helplessly toward the steep side of the trail, which led down hundreds of feet to the bottom of the ravine below, and he barely had time to gasp in a breath and weakly cry out, "Dean!" before he fell completely over the edge.

In an instant, he was tumbling down the side of the steep trail like a stone, bouncing roughly off of tree roots and boulders as he scraped his hands bloody scrabbling for something to grab on to. For what seemed an eternity, he smashed against the rocks and roots and shale, grunting in pain with each new blow to his already abused body. He actually yelled out when he hit the ground at an odd angle and felt his left leg snap beneath him, and again when a rib or two did the same. Finally, just when he thought he would never stop falling, he felt the back of his head collide with an enormous rock he'd glimpsed only a second before.

By the time his limp body landed in a heap at the base of the ravine, he was already completely unconscious.


"Dean!"


"What?" Dean shouted over his shoulder when he heard Sam call his name. He figured that his brother was about to ask for a break; he'd been expecting that for miles, ever since Sam started panting a little bit and stumbling every few minutes. His brother was obviously trying to keep pushing himself, not wanting to show weakness on the hunt, and Dean respected his need to do so and kept his mouth shut. But he also knew Sam could only run on fumes for so long before his body demanded a rest.

So when Sam didn't say anything further, Dean immediately turned around, expecting to see him already seated on a rock or something while he caught his breath. What he didn't expect to find was an empty space where the other hunter had just been standing, no sign of his enormous form anywhere to be seen.

"Sam?" he called, heart beginning to race when he again received no response. "This isn't funny, man! Where are you?" Had the Wendigo gotten the drop on them already? Did it know they were here?

He made his way back to where Sam had just been, examining the trail for traces of Wendigo tracks or blood from a fresh wound. When he found none, he decided to peek over the edge of the path, not expecting to find anything but wanting to cover all his bases. When he saw a crumpled human form at the bottom, though, his heart plummeted down into his shoes.

"Oh my God. Sam! Sammy!"

Sam didn't respond to his shouts at all, didn't even twitch at the sound of his older brother's voice, and Dean's unhelpful mind began chanting "He's dead, he's dead, he's dead…"

"No. No," Dean growled, tightening the straps of his pack and clambering over the edge of the ravine. Sam wasn't dead, he couldn't be. Because if he was, it would all be on Dean's shoulders for letting him come along in the first place. "Hang on, Sammy. I'm coming, just hang on."

He eased himself over the edge of the ravine, making sure he had stable footing before putting all of his weight forward. Slowly and carefully, he climbed down the side, slipping several times and cursing when he almost ended up tumbling headlong to where Sam lay at the bottom.

He passed a large rock with a splatter of fresh blood on its longest edge, and he clenched his teeth and looked away. Sam was lucky he hadn't brained himself on that thing; if he didn't have at least a bad gash and maybe a concussion, Dean was going to be very surprised.

Finally, after a few minutes of careful descent that felt like several lifetimes, Dean reached Sam's prone form and crouched beside him, not touching him until he could get a better idea of what shape he was in. There was a small pool of blood behind the back of his head that had already started caking into his hair, which meant that he most likely did have a gash there. Several cuts and scrapes decorated his face, and there was some bizarre swelling around his nose; Dean winced when he realized it was probably broken. Most alarming was the fact that ever since he'd reached him, Sam had had a strange, raspy quality to his overly-rapid breathing, which didn't sound right at all.

"Sam," he said softly, touching Sam's shoulder but not shaking him, wary of jarring any other unseen injuries. "Sammy, come on. You gotta wake up now." When his brother still didn't respond, Dean started to panic, his voice a shaky growl as he squeezed Sam's shoulder a little harder. "Sam, wake up, dammit! You don't get to do this, you understand? If you