.  Sam was lashing out at him, hitting Castiel in places he was already sensitive and defensive about, and Castiel lashed back.  While true, the profound bond of guardianship has nothing to do with liking Dean better or not responding to Sam’s prayers because of his guilt at having brought Sam back wrong.  He wasn’t aware exactly how Sam was wrong, not yet, but he knew Sam was.  Otherwise he’d have told Sam much sooner that he’d been the one to get him back, instead of leaving it for a desperate attempt to try to convince the Winchesters he was still on their side.”

Sam grabbed his phone.  “Charlie?”

“Hey Sam!  What’s up?”

“I, um… Supernatural fanfic question,” Sam admitted.

Charlie laughed.  “You actually read that stuff?  Look, they’re just making stuff up, occasionally they’ll hit on something kind of close to the truth.  Like I’ve read a lot of fics where Cas got out you of Hell.  It just makes sense.”

“Yeah, uh… I get that, that was the first question I asked.  Both times.  But, uh… this isn’t a fic, it’s a comment on a fic, and it’s got details.  Like specific quotes, in specific contexts.”

“What’s the fic?”

“’A More Profound Bond’ by BrothersForever,” Sam said, glad he’d done this over the phone instead of in person so Charlie couldn’t see the discomfort.

“You read Sastiel?” Charlie asked.  “Let me guess, SamsAngel47’s response?  There are so many theories about those two… everything from they’re the same person to they’re a couple who roleplays as you and Cas.  Everyone’s pretty sure they know each other at the very least, just from how fast the comments are up.  There’s no way he’s doing it without having read the fic in advance.  My guess, it’s BrothersForever’s beta.”

“He, uh… he might be,” Sam said, catching himself just in time.  “But yeah, that’s the one.  You read his stuff?”

“It’s well-written, and SamsAngel isn’t wrong about how well he knows the boys and their angel,” Charlie said.  “I tend to favor Destiel, and don’t hate me but Wincest is a guilty pleasure, but Sassy’s fun and BrothersForever can definitely make me believe it.”

“Just don’t confuse fanfic with real life and I won’t hate you for reading Wincest,” Sam teased.  “Especially don’t confuse the ones where John gets in on it with real life, because that’s just…”

“Ew,” Charlie said.  “Okay, got it up… what the hell?” Charlie said.  “Did not expect to see a Destiel tag on this.”

“It’s, um… Destiel endgame,” Sam said.  “SamsAngel47 was kinda pissed about that.”

“You’re kidding me,” Charlie said.  “BrothersForever wrote Destiel?  Just kinda skimming the fic to get a sense… I guess I could just skip straight to the comment, I’ve done that a couple times.”  There was quiet on the line for a bit, and then Charlie said, “Kinda pissed?  And I guess Lucifer’s kinda misguided.”

“Did you see there’s a part 2?”

“Yeah.  You weren’t kidding, were you.  I don’t get it, but wow, did he set off a firestorm.  And there’s a lot here he shouldn’t know.”  Charlie tapped a bit.  “Now, someone posted a rough outline of ‘Supernatural: The Next Five Years’, going from where the books left off to you giving up the Trials and the angels getting kicked out of Heaven.  But it’s a very rough outline.  I figured it was you or Dean, being a smartass.”

“Wasn’t me,” Sam said.

“And it wouldn’t give SamsAngel the knowledge he has,” Charlie said.  “Now, I’m gonna go out on a limb and guess it’s not you.”

“Charlie, can you imagine me calling myself SamsAngel?”

Charlie laughed at that.  “And Dean hates this stuff, and I can’t imagine him reading Sastiel any more than I can imagine you reading Destiel.  Just too weird to read about your brother’s sex life.”

“Yeah, I don’t mind the non-smut Destiel, but it goes anywhere near that territory and I’m out,” Sam agreed.

“So that just leaves Cas of the people who would plausibly know this stuff,” Charlie said.  “Does he even know about fanfic?”  Sam didn’t answer, his brain racing.  Was it possible?  It would explain a lot about how well the commenter knew them and how quickly posts got up… but then, that would require Castiel to have chosen the name SamsAngel47.  “Sam?”

“Yeah, Cas