neck and arms almost instantaneously start breaking out in a rash while his breathing got faster and wheezier by the second, he was pretty sure it was about to getworse than he had suspected. One quick look at the angry red welt, swollen to the size of a large grape, on the back of Cas's neck was all he needed to see to know exactly what was wrong.

Castiel, the once-mighty Angel of the Lord-turned helpless human, was well on his way to death because of a tiny bee sting.

Sam knew this was entirely out of his ability to fix. Wasting no more time, he hurriedly pulled out his phone and dialed 911, relieved when the operator picked up on the first ring.


"911, what is your emergency?"


"My friend just got stung by a bee and I think he's having an allergic reaction," he said shakily, barely keeping his own panic at bay as the wheezing sounds coming from Cas's throat got worse and worse. "Please hurry, I don't have an EpiPen or anything I can give him."


"Okay, sir, don't worry. We've tracked your location. Just stay on the line, and help will be there shortly. Try to keep your friend as calm as possible, and tell him to try to breathe as deeply and slowly as he can."


Sam put the phone back in his pocket, leaving it on but ignoring it for now in favor of getting Castiel's arm looped over his shoulders and helping guide him toward the street so the paramedics wouldn't have trouble finding them. Cas was visibly shaking now, whether from weakness or fear Sam couldn't tell, and right before they neared the curb he let go of Sam and fell to the ground, retching painfully as he bent double over his knees. Nothing was coming up though, his throat was too swollen, and it accomplished nothing but stealing more precious air and driving the ex-angel into a near-panic.

"S – Sam, I c… I can't… breathe…" he gasped out between fruitless heaves as he clutched onto the taller man's shirt, eyes wide and begging Sam to help, do something, make this go away.

"I know, but try to stay calm and breathe as deep as you can, okay? You're gonna be fine, Cas. Help's coming." He kept a hand on the ex-angel's back, trying to will the dry-heaves to stop so he could catch his breath a little. God, but he wished Dean was here right now. His brother would know how to calm Cas down so much better than he could.

When another couple of minutes passed and Castiel silently slumped over against Sam, face red and swollen and barely any air passing through his lips, the hunter snatched up the phone from his pocket and screamed at the operator, "Please tell them to hurry, he's barely breathing!"

Just as the words left his mouth, he finally spotted the flashing lights of the ambulance speeding toward them, now able to hear the sound of the sirens over his own heart throbbing in his ears. He hung up the phone and waved frantically at them, as if they couldn't already see the half-conscious man whose head was cradled in his lap.

Within seconds the ambulance was parked in front of them and two paramedics were at their sides, one jabbing a needle full of epinephrine and a sedative into the muscle of Cas's thigh while the other checked his pulse and breathing. When it appeared that the epinephrine wasn't helping as much as it could have, the man near Castiel's head tilted his chin back and opened his mouth, muttering something about "airway's still closing up."

"Oh, God, are they going to have to intubate him?" Sam thought, watching as Castiel's wide eyes tracked the foreign piece of rubber moving toward his face. "How did this get so bad so fast?"

Right before the tube could reach the back of his throat, though, Cas gagged and bucked upward, spitting it out and turning his head away with his teeth clenched tightly. Sedated or not, he was still apparently conscious enough to be afraid. When the men tried to turn his head back it only made it worse; he thrashed against their holds, afraid of the additional restraint on top of the fact that his own body was already rebelling against him.

"Whoa, Cas, easy," Sam said softly, shaking his head at the men who were preparing to hold him down before grabbing one of the brunet's hands and squeezing it. "They're going to make this better, okay? But you have to let them put that tube in so you can breathe. It's gonna be uncomfortable, but I promise it'll help you. Just keep your eyes on me."

"D- De …" Cas choked, eyes filled with tears of pain and terror.

"I'll call Dean in a minute. He'll be here