a banana.  Boring, but uncomplicated.  Unlike talking to a girl – and an older girl at that.

“Cas tells me you’re really smart.  Are you?”

Sam shrugged.  “I keep up with Kevin and Charlie, I guess.  But Cas is really smart, too.  Pretty much everyone at this table is.”

“Think you’re smart enough to help me with some chemistry?”

Sam glanced up at her incredulously.  “Um, you’re probably better off asking Cas, I’m not in chemistry yet.  Still in biology.  I’m a freshman.”

Meg giggled.  “Oh.  Well, if you’re in biology, maybe you can help me bone up on anatomy for next year.”

“Um, I don’t know.  I’m not exactly… maybe Charlie…?”

Dean shook his head and swatted Sam’s arm.  “You’re hopeless, little brother.  The girl’s flirting with you!”

Sam rubbed his arm and glared at Dean.  “Why?”

“Because you’re cute and smart and this bumbling awkward obliviousness is honestly adorable,” Meg said.  “We should go out sometime.  Basketball games tomorrow night?”

“Um….”  Sam looked to Dean for help.  Dean just shook his head.  He looked over to Cas, who was scowling at his pizza and completely ignoring everything happening to his left.  “I guess.  I’ll… meet you at the gym at 5:20?”

“Sounds good!”

 

Normally on Friday afternoons, Sam did his homework, so the weekend would be free.  Today, he was sitting on the brick half-wall outside the gym, staring at his watch.  It was 5:15.  Dean had brought him a little early because he was meeting up with his friends to cheer on Cassie and Rhonda and Lisa.  He’d hoped to be able to meet up with Cassie before she had to go to warmups and wish her luck.

Dean hadn’t let him bring his backpack or a book.  Sam had nothing to do while he waited.  He was bored.  Every couple minutes, he saw Dean or one of his friends checking on him, but there was no sign of Meg.  He checked his watch again.  5:28. Tipoff for the girls was supposed to be 5:30.  If Meg didn’t show soon, they’d miss it.

At 5:32, a boy Sam didn’t recognize swaggered over.  “Sam Winchester?”

Sam got to his feet.  Somehow, he didn’t like this guy already.  “Yeah.  Who are you?”

“Name’s Tom Masters.  I’m Meg’s brother.”

“Oh.”  Sam shoved his hands into the pockets of his jacket.  “Is she all right?  We were supposed to meet here like twelve minutes ago, and…”

“Yeah, she’s fine.  See?”  He pointed to where Meg was standing with a couple of other girls, pointing at Sam and giggling.  “Now I owe her twenty bucks, you loser.  You actually believed she’d ask you out?”

“Well, she did ask me out…”

Tom clapped a hand to Sam’s shoulder.  “You’re hopeless, you know that?  It was a joke.  She did it to win a bet.”

Before Sam could process that, Cas was there, pulling Tom away from Sam.  “Walk away.  Now.  Dean’s on his way out.  You know Dean Winchester, don’t you?”  Tom went a little pale.  “Good.  You and your sister just made his little brother the butt of a cruel joke, and I’m not sure Dean would actually hit a girl over it, but you?  No problem at all.”  Tom fled, and Cas sat on the wall beside Sam and wrapped an arm around him.  “I’m so sorry.  I knew Tom’s an asshole, but I honestly thought Meg was better than that.”

Sam sniffled a little.  “Dean may not be in the most… reasonable mood when he finds out what happened.  You might want to get out of here.”

“I deserve it.  I helped Meg, after all.  Bringing her to lunch, telling her where to sit so she’d be beside you…”

“Why?”

“Meg and I have been – not friends, exactly, but certainly friendly acquaintances – since I moved here.  When she expressed an interest in you, I thought she meant well, and it never occurred to me that you don’t exactly share your brother’s confidence with girls.  Most people who ask you out will mean it, I promise.”

“Hey, Cas.”  Both boys looked up to see Dean standing close by, arms folded across his chest.  “Remember the conversation we had a couple days ago, when you told me the plan?”

“I remember.”

“I was right.”

Cas sighed.  “Yes.  You were.”

“Which means I’m probably right about the other thing, too, don’t you think?”

“Even