you want a piece?” Sam asked, pushing a plate over towards Castiel with a large, greasy slice resting on it.

Dean took another large bite, mumbling through the masticated pizza, “I thought angels didn’t eat.”

“I do not need to eat,” Castiel informed him around his own mouthful, “but I can if I so wish it.”

Dean studied Castiel from the corner of his eye as the angel reached for another piece with his free hand, the other holding the first slice up to his mouth as he inhaled another large bite. “Looks like you’ve been wishin’ it a lot lately. You’re a little….” Here Dean hesitated, gesturing towards his face with one tomato sauce covered hand, his lips gleaming with grease. “…round.” He nodded as if that summed things up appropriately, and stuffed half a slice into his mouth, making his cheeks bulge out like a chipmunk’s.

“Huh,” Sam said, pausing with a piece of pizza dangling from his hand. “You do look…softer, I guess.” He squinted at the angel curiously for a second, taking note of the not-so-subtle differences before refocusing on his laptop, being careful to keep the greasy food away from his keyboard.

Castiel stiffened in his seat, dropping his pizza onto the table as he stood up abruptly, wrapping his coat around him. “I must go.”

“Do you wanna-” Dean began, but Castiel popped out before he could finish his question. With a shrug, he took the slice left on Castiel’s plate and placed it on his own. “Guess he wasn’t that hungry after all.” 

                                                                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A rounder face wasn’t the only change the boys noticed as time passed. Despite a new tendency to keep his trench coat buttoned, Castiel’s once lean figure was definitely changing. While he still managed to hold his own in a fight, the imposing effect of the three men bursting into a nest of demons lost some of its impact when one of them waddled in like a duck.

After tracking down a lead in Omaha, they had sat down in the back of a bar to share some onion rings and news, and when Castiel reached for a handful, Sam politely coughed into his hand. “Are you sure you should be eating that?”

Castiel paused, his weighty stare shifting to rest on Sam. “Why?”

“You haven’t been in a human vessel for very long, so maybe you don’t realize what this stuff does to….”

“You’re getting fat,” Dean stated succinctly, and at Sam’s glare he shrugged, before taking another long drink of beer.

“I am not…fat,” Castiel disagreed.

Dean snorted, his lips barely brushing the mouth of the bottle as he spoke. “Then you must be pregnant.”

The silence that followed his joke went on far too long for it to be anything but meaningful, and Dean spat out his last drink across the table, dampening the fabric of Castiel’s coat.

“You’re pregnant?!” Dean shouted in disbelief, causing more than a few heads to turn in their direction as he slammed his bottle onto the table.

“Uh…” Sam said, keeping a wary eye on the bikers in the corner. “Maybe we should talk about this anywhere else but here.”

“Indeed,” Castiel agreed, reaching out to touch both Sam and Dean’s hands, before they all blinked out. 

                                                                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dean didn’t pause long enough for the momentary dizziness and roiling stomach to stop him, even as Sam leaned over to heave in some nearby bushes.

“Alright, who knocked you up?!” Dean demanded, pacing back and forth across the patch of dirt outside the abandoned garage where they landed. “I’ll kick his ass!”

“You’re pregnant?” Sam asked again, as if for clarification. At Castiel’s steady stare, Sam rubbed at his forehead, his long bangs left askew when he dropped his hand to hang at his side. “How is that even possible?”

“It is my time.”

“Was it that asshole Uriel?!” Dean demanded. “It was, wasn’t it! I knew I didn’t like that guy. He was shifty!”

“He was a traitor,” Castiel reminded him. “And he is dead.”

“Just like I said! Shifty!” Dean shouted triumphantly, jabbing a finger in Castiel’s direction. “Runnin’ out on his obligations like that by being dead!”

“But you’re a…man. Men don’t have children,” Sam pointed out, as if logic would somehow shrink the bump still hidden beneath Castiel’s coat, which only seemed more noticeable the longer he stared at it.

“I am an angel, and I am several thousand years old. It is time; I have reached my breeding cycle,” Castiel explained calmly, despite Dean’s loud threats to neuter the already dead angel he blamed for Castiel’s delicate condition. “And, no, Uriel had nothing to do with it.