’s hard, but when you remember how you failed, try to remember this conversation, too.  We both survived.  That’s the bottom line.  We’re still here, we’re both relatively whole, and between us at least, everything’s forgiven.”

Donna’s energy was infectious.  After spending the morning trying on clothes, Mary was starting to feel much better.  So when Dean called and offered to meet up with them for lunch, Mary was more than happy to agree.

Dean met them at a diner he knew made a good cheeseburger.  Dean slid into the side of the booth with the slightly ripped seat, letting Mary and Donna share the other side.

“Where’s Sam?” Mary asked.

Dean grabbed menus and handed them out.  “Cas had a bad morning, Sam stayed behind to help him calm down.  Not sure when Sam turned into Doctor Phil, but apparently he’s good at dealing with angel freakouts.”

“Who’s… you know what, never mind.  I can work on pop culture later.”  They were interrupted by the waitress taking orders.  “So… Castiel.”

Dean looked warily at his mother.  “What about him?”

“He’s not what I expected angels would be like.”

Dean laughed.  “Oh, you have no idea.  Angels are bigger dicks than demons, except for Cas.  There’s a couple other good ones we’ve met.  Demons, at least you expect the complete disregard for humans and sadistic streak.  Believe me, Cas is one of the few angels worth knowing.”

“He said he pulled you out of Hell.”

“Yeah.  I made a deal to bring Sam back.  Stupid move, kickstarted the Apocalypse, but Sam was dead.  I couldn’t just leave him that way.  Cas hauled Sammy out of Hell, too, when Sam jumped in to end the Apocalypse.  You’d have been so proud of him.”

“Cas said you got Sam out, but he didn’t say it was him specifically…”

“Yeah, well, it was complicated and he kind of screwed it up and things were really bad for a while, so he’s not gonna say anything about it.  Just the fact that he tried… and here’s another reason for you to be proud of Sam.  He grew up to be the most forgiving person I have ever met.  Except when it came to Dad, for some reason.  Him and Dad were… for five years, Sam was convinced Dad hated him and never wanted to see him again.”

“What happened to John?  Oh, you probably don’t know, you don’t remember your father the way he was before the fire.  You may remember him the way a four-year-old saw his hero, but you were too little to really know what he was like.”

“I know the fire messed him up.  He got paranoid and obsessed and couldn’t think of anything but revenge.  I kind of remember there was a time when he moved out for a few days, not long before the fire?  Angel used it to try to break me.  But after the fire, Dad remembered the marriage as perfect.  You were perfect.  And the demon had taken you from him.  I don’t… I know he found out about Sam and the blood, but I don’t know if he ever knew about your deal with Yellow Eyes.”

“You know about it?”

“Yeah, bastard wiped your memory, but Cas sent me through time twice.  Both times ended up with me meeting you.  First time Cas wanted me to know why Sam had demon blood.  The second time, another angel was trying to kill Sam.  Sam was protected, thanks to Cas, but you and Dad would’ve been vulnerable.”

“And Cas wiped my memory of all of this?”

“No, Michael did.  Because I warned you what was coming and tried to change it.  At the very least, you’d have told us that angels are dicks, not that they were watching over us.  We’d have been warned and had even more reason to tell those flying asshats no.”

“Oh.  That’s… messing with someone’s memory like that is just cruel.  Why would anyone do that?”

“In Michael’s case, to protect the future he wanted.  In other cases… to protect people?  To let people have normal lives instead of knowing what’s really out there?”  Dean shrugged.  He really didn’t want to talk about Lisa.  “Anyway, Dad did the best he could with me and Sam, but he kinda screwed us up a lot, too.  Sam less than me.  I could shield Sam from the worst of it, but I stopped being a kid the night of the fire.”

“So you and Sam… you’re happy?  As hunters?  You don’t want something else?”

“Sam and I have both tried.  Didn’t go well.  Sam got out and went to college, didn’