He just smirked moving his legs to touch my knee. I waste no time loading the bowl and offering it to him nervous as hell. He takes it with a hint of mischief in his eyes before lighting it taking a long drag. He held it in quickly passing it to me. I took a drag as well just a small one because my throat started to burn. He let go making it seem like a good time for me to do the same. The smoke quickly filled the car as Dean started to cough making me giggle. 

“Dang that is good.” Dean coughs again making me start coughing as well. I sit backlighting the bowl again to take a longer hit only to start coughing immediately. Dean laughed pulling me into pat my back in an attempt to help. I put my hand high on his leg so I wouldn’t fall into his lap. 

“I’m good.” I gasp though my throat is on fire. He had the pipe now all though I have no idea when he got it from me.

“Oh god, this is awesome. Thank you for doing this with me.” I blurt out like a total fucking loser looking terrified at Dean with a deep blush for a minute. He just chuckled moving his hand lower on my back. 

“Thank you for letting me.” His smile was soft at fist soon it turned into a goofy grin as his head leans into my face. I froze my eyes going wide until he places his forehead on mine. He just closed his eyes letting our highs mix together, my body feeling like it was going to fall through Dean’s at any moment. 

“Can I kiss you?” I ask suddenly before moving away from him scared of my own words and actions. He chuckled again taking a hit and clearing the bowl. He held in the smoke pointing to the baggy full of weed. I handed it to him letting him load the next bowl while he blew the smoke in my face right as I in hailed for air.  He handed me the new bowl letting me take the first hit. I took it biting my lip before taking the bowl between my lips puffing the as I held the lighter to the side letting the smoke fill my lungs.  

“Hold it.” Dean said moving my hands away before leaning in and kissing me firmly on the lips. I moaned feeling him on me suddenly sucking in more air before moving my lips against Dean’s. I let the smoke slowly out of my nose keeping my lips pressed against his until I felt his hand on my side. I move back with a small moan looking at the green eyes sexy man. 

“Was that ok?” He asked looking unsure of himself. I just smiled pushing my lip back against his as I moved into his lap. His hand's went to the small of my back wrapping around to the bottom of my shirt quickly pulling it off my torso. I pushed his jacket from his chest feeling how firm he was under the thin shirt. 

“That was better than ok.” I moaned slightly feeling his hand softly touch my breast kissing the skin above my bra. His hips bucked up into mine making me moan again my finger kneading against his skin.

“Can I take this off?” Dean grunted already going to undo my bra. I nodded yes arching my back so he could reach it better. Once it was off Dean pushed his face in between my breast kissing and sucking on any skin he could get into his mouth. I pushed against him running my finger through his hair. 

“Dean I want you inside of me.” I whimpered rubbing my hips back and forth on his lap. Dean pulled back from my chest quickly lay me down in the leather seat. I went to my pants starting to undo the buttons at he fumbled with his own. I was so excited I couldn’t stop the small giggles from escaping my mouth as I pulled my pants off along with my underwear. Dean had taken his shirt off, but his jeans and boxers were only pulled to his knees. He looked up at me with his large dilated eyes. 

“Are you sure?” Dean asked one last time. I opened my leg wider putting one foot on the back of the seat the other around his hip.

“Please fuck me.” I moaned pushing my hips up at him. Dean moaned lowering his cock into my hole it was tight at fist then Dean chuckled a little. I looked confused at him as he pulled out roughly. He moved down my body before I couldn’t say anything sticking his tongue out to lick at my pussy. I grabbed onto the seat my finger hurting from the force of it as the pleasure wave rocked through me. Dean buried his face into my lips licking and sucking like crazy. I moaned my head falling to the seat in more pleasure as he suddenly stopped pulling back with a big grin. 

“You have to be wet first.” Dean said wiping his mouth with his hand getting back over my body. I just smiled back at him to happy for words then I felt him sink inside of me. My hand gripped the