without breathing down my damn neck?!"

"Dean, calm down. I'm coming to get you, so –"

"Piss off, Sam." Dean hung up and turned the phone off, snapping it shut and jamming it into the pocket of his leather coat. "Such a damn girl," he muttered to himself. A moment later, Bridget came back over to him, wiping up the artificially-orange liquid he had spilled all over the counter and offering him a towel so he could make it look a little less like he had just wet himself.

"Sure you don't want to talk about it?" she asked sweetly when he had handed the towel back to her and laid his head in his hands.

"Like I said earlier, you wouldn't b'lieve me if I told you."

"Suit yourself. I'll be here if you need something, Dean."

Dean sat up straighter, his eyes narrowing as he watched Bridget walk away. "When did I tell her my name?" he thought suspiciously. Then he shook his head. "Who the hell cares, anyway?" After a moment, he started to listen to the words playing over the radio, seeing as he had nothing better to do anyway. The beat was pretty cheerful, but as soon as the lyrics started up he was convinced it was the dumbest song he'd ever heard. The entire thing was about different ways people died, one for each letter of the alphabet. Pretty morbid, actually.


A is for Amber who drowned in a pool



B is for Billy who was eaten by ghouls



C is for Curt with disease in the brain



D is for Daniel derailed on a train…


Dean decided he'd finally had enough. That pumpkin beer was terrible, but he was pretty satisfied with how numb he felt right now. Time to pick up the tab and head back to the motel so Sam could get all his bitching out before his buzz wore off. Just as he was about to wave for Bridget again, he heard the chorus of the song again, louder than it had been a minute ago.


One by one we bite the dust



Kick the bucket and begin to rust



Give up the ghost when your number's up



We all fall down



Ashes to ashes, bones to paste



You wither away in your resting place



Eternity in a wooden case



We all fall down


All of a sudden and completely against his will, his mind began to replay the very images he had been hoping he wouldn't remember tonight. Dad lying in the hospital room, his dying words to Dean being orders to either protect or kill Sammy. Sam, limp and boneless against Dean as the knife in his back bled the life out of him, and nothing Dean could do to save him. The crossroads demon, offering him Sam's life at the cost of his soul's eternal damnation. The Hellhounds tearing his body apart, the ripping of bone and muscle drowning out the screams in his throat until there was nothing. Nothing but darkness, emptiness, and then…

Dean's eyes widened, his breath quickening and his heart racing as he looked up at Bridget again. Her face – something was wrong with her face. It was twisting, melting off, and she seemed completely unaware of it. Her eyes turned coal-black, and a crooked smile twisted her disintegrating skin.

"What's the matter, Dean? Don't you remember me?" The voice coming from her lips was completely different than it had been earlier. While before it had been warm and inviting, even a little sexy, now it was masculine, cold and sharp as steel. It immediately sent shivers down his spine. He knew that voice.

"A… Alastair…" Dean whispered, feeling like he couldn't breathe properly.

"Aww, you mean you're not happy to see me?" Alastair asked in a deceptively gentle voice. "But I've missed you so very much, Dean. It's been such a long time since we've worked together, hasn't it?"

"Shut up! You shut up!" Dean shouted, trying not to notice the way the walls had begun to run with fresh blood, dripping loudly as the drops splattered onto the floor. He could hear the clanking of chains above him and forced himself not to look up; he didn't want to know who or what was chained up there now. "You're not real!"

"Not real? I'm hurt, Dean. And after all that time we spent together, too…" He reached out and pushed against Dean's chest, knocking him off of the barstool and onto the floor. An instant later he was standing over the older Winchester, grinning madly and cackling as he produced a knife and began to sharpen it, every rasp vibrating painfully through Dean's entire body. That stupid song was still playing, too, seemingly on endless repeat as it reminded him over and over that "we all fall down." Suddenly there was a loud banging somewhere behind him, and two new voices