bad guy in this one.  I mean, obviously, you’re a bad guy with a heart of gold, because you’re going to win over the sheriff and the two of us are going to run away together, but…”

“I was the pirate, too, remember?  So it’s not like me not being good is unprecedented.”

“True."  There was some noise on the other end of the line, and Castiel sighed.  "I have to go.  Rabbit Hole tonight?  What time?”

“8ish?  Dean gets off work at 7, so that’ll give him time to clean up a bit before we meet up.”

“Sounds good.  See you then.”

Sam introduces Cas and Dean and they kick around thoughts about their shared dreams.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Sam and Dean walked in a few minutes early, but Castiel was already there.  Sam led Dean over.  “Cas, meet my brother Dean.  Dean, this is Cas.  What’s everyone drinking?”

“Beer.  You know what I like.  Cas?”

“I have a drink.  Vodka.”

Dean raised an eyebrow.  “Just vodka?  Nothing mixed in?”

Cas shrugged.  “If it makes you feel better, it is flavored.  I think this one’s orange, but I usually tell the bartender to surprise me if they have flavored vodka.”

“Okay.  Back with another round soon.”  Sam took off, keeping an eye on the table.  Dean and Cas seemed to be getting along pretty well.

When he got back, Dean was apologizing.  Cas blew it off.  “I know the betrayal’s coming, Dean.  I’m actually looking forward to it.”

Sam handed out drinks.  “You’re looking forward to the knife in your back?”

“Yes.  Once that’s done, the three of us will be on the same side, and we can actually work together.  Of course, not long after, we’ll probably start a new narrative.  Once you’re free and I’m on your side, there’s not just a whole lot left in this one.”

Dean laughed.  “Yeah, I guess not.  One thing I am very grateful for, either the dreams kick me out or fade to black before you two bang each other."

Cas chuckled, but Sam buried his face in his hands and changed the subject.  "So what do you do in real life, Cas?”

“I’m a corporate accountant.  It may sound dull, compared to a Western sheriff or a firefighter, but I quite enjoy wrangling numbers and making them do as they’re supposed to.  What about you two?”

“I’m a clerk at the county courthouse, and Dean’s a mechanic.”  Sam took a big drink of beer.  “Next year I’m going to be trying to start actually working as a lawyer, but the clerkship’s good experience for now.”

Castiel grinned.  “You know, you being a lawyer sets up the perfect joke for why you get cast as the not-exactly-good guy in these redemption or corruption stories.”

Dean cackled, and Sam covered his face.  “Good to know you two amuse each other.  Dean’s been telling me that ever since that one where I was the abomination.”

“Hey, I’m just saying."  Cas shrugged and offered an apologetic smile.  "It also explains why I get cast as the mild-mannered victim so often, whether I’m your victim or you’re rescuing me.  I’m an accountant.  What am I going to do, destroy people with my mental math skills?”

Dean’s cackling increased, and Sam had to chuckle a little.  “When you get the chance, you sure seem pretty badass in the dreams.  Like this sheriff.”

“Yeah, I know."  Cas pushed his drink aside and leaned on the table.  "Serious question time, though: why are the three of us sharing dreams?  How?  Have either of you ever heard of anything like this?”

Both of them shook their heads.  “No idea.  You?” Sam asked.

Cas shook his head too.  “Not credible.  I spent most of yesterday evening on the Internet googling it, and all that ever came up was stuff about dream traveling or shared souls or memories of past lives.  Which, if it were just Sam and me involved, maybe, but with Dean involved as well…”

“That does seem unlikely.  Dream traveling… what does that even mean?” Dean asked.

“It means that the traveler is projecting his mind into the mind of the person whose dreams he’s entering.  Given there are three of us…”

Sam huffed.  “Yeah, that’s probably not the right answer.  Do you remember when this started?”

Castiel shook his head.  “I wish I did.  It’s been several months, I know that, but it’s not like that first night I had any reason to think much of the dreams.  Aside from a brief wish