tears came to your eyes. They had just needed a good excuse to bring you in here to take your body and use it how they wanted. Then you realized that this would be your life now, you were going to be used by Dean and Sam until you move out or died. 

“You two are evil.” You whimper looking away to stare at the ceiling your eye blurring with tears.

A little combination of different suggestions and my own ideas tell me what you think.

3 weeks later your life that you thought was awful already has turned into literal hell. Dean pulled you out of school the day after they raped you and now you are forced to stay in the house 24/7. They would force you to jerk and suck them off in the morning then throughout the day they would make you clean, cook, do laundry, just to rape you again later that night so they could go to sleep. You were constantly having to take showers or brushing your teeth to get their semen off your body. Which was where you were right now, after Sam made you suck him off, you were scrubbing your mouth as clean as you could get it with just toothpaste.

“Make lunch!” Dean yelled from some were in the house. You spit out the semen taste drying off your hands and face before limping to the kitchen. They had both taken a turn in your ass last night making it difficult for you to walk or even move around quickly. Once in the kitchen, you pulled out sandwich stuff tomato, lettuce, pickles, and the lunch meat. Making them each a sandwich with Lays potato chips on the side. You made sure to put everything back even going as far as to clean up 4 bread crumbs from the counter or else they would fuck your ass in punishment again.

You could hear the TV so you wandered into the living room with their plates seeing both men relaxing on the couch. You set their food on the coffee table turning to get as far away from them as possible.

“Where are you going?” Dean asked stopping you before you could reach the hallway leading to the bedrooms. 

“I’m tired. May I please take a nap?” You ask sounding as weak as you felt. You hadn’t eaten in almost 2 days besides their cum, before you had gone almost 3 days without food. They let you have a small bowl of canned soup before you could start to die from malnourishment. AS a result of your clothes had already started to get too big for you, most of the time you just wore a tank top and leggings like today. 

“After you eat your lunch. Come here and get it.” Dean said looking at you over the couch. You weren’t sure what he was talking about until you rounded the couch seeing his cock out and already hard waiting for you. You hold back tears as you get on your knees in front of him while he leaned further into the couch pushing his dick closer to your face. You looked at it for a moment trying not to throw up until Dean grabbed your hair forcing your face closer. 

“Do you want another punishment tonight?” Dean asked his penis not even an inch from our mouth. A single tear rolled down your cheek as you took him into your mouth. He moaned pushing his cock further hitting the back of your throat before he let you take control.

“Don’t make me cum until I’m done eating.” Dean ordered as Sam handed him his food the crunching of the chips signaling for you to start. You hollowed your cheeks like they had taught you using your hand on the bottom of Dean’s shaft to add pressure keeping him from cumming too quickly. You bobbed at a relaxed pace his mushroom head swelling with his growing arousal. Dean was silent besides the sound of the food being eaten above you. You adjusted bobbing to take him in deeper and pulling out slowly while tightening on his shaft slightly. He groaned once of his hands going to your arm, you looked up to see his plate finished and his eyes focused on you sucking him. You removed your hand taking him to the back of the throat and gagging a bit like you had been instructed before.

“She has gotten too good at this.” Dean moaned deeply let his head fall to the back of the couch while you suck harder. Dean’s hand on your arm tightened as his cock head swelled again about ready to explode.

“You better fucking swallow ____.” Dean growled as his seed spilled from his member. You took him deeper making sure to suck all of his cum out before you even attempted to pull him out of you. When Dean relaxed looking at you up again still with Dean's softening cock in your mouth before pulling back quickly. You sat back on your heels trying not to sob from the taste of Dean.

“Such a good girl for your big brothers. You can go take a nap now.” Dean said with a smirk as you pass him he slapped your ass hard making more tears roll down your cheeks. When they couldn’t see you anymore you walked