you know the little girl’s name?”

“Nancy.  The land still belongs to the Robb family, so she was probably a Robb, but I’m not sure.”  She gave Sam a cool look and turned back to Cas.  “Anyway, so I see her ghost.  And then, I hear the door bang open!”

“Did you have a gun?”  Cas’s brow wrinkled as Sam held back the laugh.

The girl giggled.  “No, nothing like that.  It wasn’t the ghost.  My so-called friend had called the cops so I couldn’t win the bet.  They came in and threatened to arrest me with trespassing, but with this face?  I can get away with anything. I just hit them with the sad puppy eyes and the pout and they sent me home with a warning.”  She demonstrated, and Sam had to admit, it was a really good pout.

Cas smiled softly.  “Yes, that would be effective.  Don’t you think, Sam?”

Sam shrugged.  “Probably.”

“Sam uses a very similar expression on his brother, and I’ve yet to see it fail.”  The girl looked a little nonplussed at that, and she shot Sam a quick glare.  “Thank you for telling me the story about the ghost.  Do you think she’s still there?”

“Probably, it was ten years ago when I saw her but if she’s been there that long, I don’t think she’d have gone anywhere in the last ten years.”  The girl smiled sweetly at Cas, and Sam held back the urge to vomit.  “Why?  You want to go look for her?  I can show you exactly where I saw her…”

Cas looked to Sam, who nodded, although reluctantly.  He certainly didn’t want Cas going off with this girl, but if there was a case, then he probably should.  “No, thank you,” Cas said.  “But would you happen to know where Nancy would have been buried?  I’d like to pay my respects.”

“If you want to pay your respects, you should go see her, not some lump of stone,” the girl protested.  “There was only one cemetery here then, but cemeteries are boring.  Ghosts are way more fun!”  She winked.  “Besides, adventures tend to lead to more adventures when you get home, while boring graveyards just lead to boredom.”

“Sam and his brother keep me well-supplied with adventure.”  Sam nearly spat out his beer at the girl’s face.  Cas didn’t seem to realize he’d said anything odd, as he went on, “Boredom would be a nice change of pace.”

“Um, okay then.”  She glanced over at Sam again, this time looking decidedly hostile.  “Guess I’ll leave you to your… preferred type of adventure, then.”  She walked away.

“Why didn’t you go?” Sam asked as Cas settled back in his chair and took a sip of beer.  “At least confirm that there is a ghost.”

Cas shrugged.  “I have more faith in your ability to be able to give me an address to check out than I do in my ability to get away from Simone if I had left with her.  You know as well as I do I’m hopeless.”

Sam laughed and ducked his head.  “It’s not an address, exactly, but there’s an abandoned farm out on county road 527 owned by the Robbs.  Still looking through census records to see if they owned it in the 1850s.”

“See?  I knew I could count on you.  By the way, would you mind not telling Dean what I said about him?”

“What, the adventure thing, or that he’s a sucker for puppy eyes?”

“The adventure thing.  He tends to get upset when people reach that conclusion, and although it’s not my fault if she assumed I meant the second kind of adventure she referred to…”

Sam’s eyebrows shot up.  “You did that on purpose?”

“It was true, you and Dean do make my life adventurous, and it got her to leave now that we’d gotten everything we needed to investigate this ghost.  You’ve always laughed off or ignored comments about you and Dean, so I didn’t think you would mind.”  Doubt clouded Castiel’s eyes.  “Was I wrong?  I’m sorry.”

“No, no, it’s… it’s fine, I just… like you said, you can be kind of hopeless, and I thought… never mind, it doesn’t even matter.  I really don’t care what anyone thinks about who I’m sleeping with.”

Castiel tilted his head, looking intently at Sam.  “You seem bothered.  What’s wrong?”

“It’s nothing, just stupid stuff.  1850 census, found a Nancy Robb living in the area, three years old, several brothers.  Matches your girl’s story.  We should go