a beard like overnight - not that that was saying much – who’s Pete?  Duuuude, he’s the red–haired guy at the counter that takes our moola - seemed to notice something amiss on their third visit of John’s first shift.

An intensive debate regarding hair color - the counter-dude has blue hair, not red…  No, dude, it’s purple! Look at the highlights, man!  You guys are trippin’… It’s as black as the bottom of a burned out bowl, dudes…. - took place in the Ho-Ho’s aisle on their next visit the following morning.

On the second visit of day two, Lenny and his boys ambled up to the counter with bloodshot eyes and peered closely at John, studying his face – he’s all blurry like Pete…  But Pete’s head only reached the Marboloros; this guy is hittin’ the Camels…. - his hair – his hair’s softer than Pete’s….  Dudes! Counter-dude just totally knocked Jason on his ass! – and from the one’s current position on the floor, his shoes – Counter-dude’s got big feet…  Jason, get off the floor, man. That’s where Chazz threw up his Slurpee last week before the EMT dudes took him away. Right, Chazz? …Chazz? Oh, there you are. You keep disappearin’, dickwad… - before landing on his nametag. Joan? Duuudes, counter-dude has a girl’s name.  Wait, Pete’s a girl?John went home that evening to have a long talk with his boys about the dangers of drugs – the primary danger being an immediate and painful death because if John caught either Dean or Sam doing it, he would kill one or both of them depending upon how much coffee he might have had that day.

One needed to be firm when molding malleable young minds. 

                                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shoplifting was a constant problem, considering the area. At first, John let the obviously armed customers wander out with what they wanted because he wasn’t about to die rescuing a pack of Twinkies from being mauled by a bunch of teenagers. Or, more to the point, wind up wrapped in plastic as Mr. Lewan complained – punctuated by his outraged phlegmy hacks around the cigarette dangling from his lower lip - about another dumb-ass employee shooting himself in the back three times.

Black dogs, wyverns or the occasional malevolent spirit were one thing, but hormonally hyped up teenagers protecting their turf and jonesing for sugar was entirely another.

Why had he taken this job again? Oh, yeah…free food for the two hungry boys he had back at the motel.

John finally had it one evening when a kid Dean’s age wandered in and boldly shoved a package of Snowballs and a Gatorade – holy shit, wouldn’t that be fuckin’ cold, Jimmy? No wonder you got snowballs....  Shut the fuck up, man! I’m tellin’ a story here… - down his pants. John had the kid on the floor – seriously, man, guy was a stone cold bad-ass… - with his arm pressing into the back of the boy’s neck – like a fuckin’ pretzel…couldn’t even reach my steel, man - before the kid could even turn around. After a quick frisking – found the knife in my boot, too!  Heh, loser. Got taken down by a grandpa… - John hefted him up by one hand – did he spank you? *snort* Not cool, dude. We should beat down your wimpy ass right now… - and shook him like a rag doll. John told the boy that he’d be willing to give him what he tried to steal if he worked for it – worse than my parole officer, man. Thought he was gonna beat my ass if I so much as squinted… – and stuck a mop in his hand. After exactly sixty minutes of hard labor, John passed the boy his Snowballs and Gatorade – told me I’d just earned $4.25 worth of shit and if I didn’t want to be moppin’ up a 7-11 the rest of my life, I should stay in school… – before hustling the kid out the door. Dude, you just lived an Afterschool Special. 

John then made it a point to tag a shoplifter just before clean-up every morning; nothing like killing two birds with one stone – give the shit work to a kid in order to teach him a valuable life lesson while getting his work taken care of at the same time. Nothing like profiting from his civic duty. 

                                                ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ladies’ business consortium next door noticed the change. The offers for services rendered became a tad more descriptive when John walked home every morning as the ladies were clearing out of the parking lot of the motel to catch a few hours of sleep. They appreciated someone taking a firm hand with the misdirected youth of their community.

They all agreed – not only was he damn fine looking, but that John Winchester was a fucking Mother