’s much easier – my brothers and sisters in my garrison and I all looked after each other, helping to maintain and heal our wings.  Down here, I’m on my own.”

“I can help, can’t I?  I mean, you’ll have to teach me what to do, but it’s gotta be better than trying to do it yourself…”

“You can.  It’s just that…”

“What, Cas?  What’s wrong?”

Castiel’s wings shook and he wouldn’t meet Sam’s eyes.  “My wings should be so much better than this.  So much brighter, stronger, more beautiful.  I’m ashamed to let someone I care about see them this way.”

“You met Dean in Hell.  You were there when I was drinking demon blood.  I think we can say you’ve seen us doing things we’re a lot more ashamed of than you should be of your injured wings.”

Castiel shook his head.  “It’s not… that’s not the same.  An angel’s wings are… it’s difficult to explain.  Under normal circumstances, an angel displaying their wings to a human would be a declaration to Heaven that they are claiming that human as family, as equal to the Host.  I’m sure you can imagine why an angel intending to do such a thing would want their wings to be in pristine condition.”

“Yeah, I can.  I’m not going to read anything into this, Cas, this is about you needing help.  Don’t be ashamed.”  Sam went to kneel behind Castiel.  “What do I do?”

“For now, look for dead or dying feathers and pull them.  Then they need to be washed,” Castiel pointed to a bucket of soap and water, “and there’s a salve I’ve mixed to rub into the skin, to promote healthy feather growth.  I’m not sure what else is wrong with my wings, it’s so difficult to check them properly myself, so if you come across something that doesn’t feel right, tell me what you feel.”

Castiel closed his eyes and kept his head down while Sam worked on the wings, fingers gently brushing away rough skin and dead feathers and pulling the dying ones firmly and swiftly.  Castiel whimpered a couple times when Sam came across sensitive patches, and Sam tried to avoid touching areas that looked too painful any more than he had to.

Castiel hissed as soap got into an open wound.  “I’m sorry, Cas, but I gotta do this.  You okay?  Need a break?”

“No.  Keep going.  You’re doing remarkably well.  Any angel I’ve ever known would have been much less considerate, and probably spent the whole time lecturing me as well just to be sure I learned my lesson.  I’m very grateful that you aren’t.”

“I’m pretty sure you know you shouldn’t let it get this bad.  I’m happy to help you.”  Sam started scrubbing again, watching as a bit of… blood?  Maybe?  It was glowing gold instead of red, but there’d be no reason for an angel’s wings to bleed human blood… tinged the water.  Despite the bald patches and open sores, Castiel’s wings looked so much better already.  Sam grabbed a towel to dry off the wings as carefully as possible.  “Is the salve going to sting?”

“Probably, but it will help.  Thankfully I don’t have to worry about infection, but toxins could still be a problem.”  Castiel clenched his hands in his lap while Sam started applying the salve as carefully as he could.

Once he was finished, Sam set the salve aside.  “Anything else that needs to be done?”

“Not that I know of… you didn’t feel anything odd in the muscles or the bone structure, did you?”

“No.”

“Then I should just need time to heal.  It would help if you would do this again in a week or so, but as long as I’m not using my wings, they should heal on their own now.”

“Just say the word and I’ll help any time you want.  Your wings are beautiful, even like this, and I’d like to see them when they’re in a state you’d feel proud of.”

Castiel smiled softly.  “Is that a flirtation?”

“Huh?  No!  It wasn’t… oh my god.”  Sam buried his face in his hands.  “That’s what you meant?  It’s an angel courtship thing?”

“Yes.  No one would hold you to it, given the circumstances, but for an angel to choose a human to care for their wings instead of going to their comrades would be practically a declaration of intent to marry.  In this case, since friendly angels are so difficult for me to come by, it just means that I trust you enough to ask you to do this for me.  Eventually.”