liquor store.”

“And?”

“I drank it.”

Dean laughed.  “Well, come on, I’ll text Sam to pick up some aspirin or something for the hangover.”

Dean bails so Sam and Cas can talk.  Sam is determined to believe the worst, but Cas eventually talks him around.

Sam came in and threw the aspirin bottle at Dean.  “Seriously, you’re already planning to get a hangover?”

Dean caught the aspirin easily and tossed it across the room.  “Not for me, Sam.  I’m out, gonna go find a bar.  Won’t be back until late, so you have fun.”

“Dean…” Sam started.  It hurt, Dean not wanting to be around him even for ten minutes to eat their dinner.  Used to be, there was no way Dean would head for a bar without at least asking if Sam wanted to come.  Tonight, Sam had the horrible feeling that even if he tried to follow Dean, his brother would tell him to stay at the hotel.

Dean looked at him, and his face softened just a bit.  “Look, Sammy.  Trust me.  You should stay here.  Half an hour, you’d rather be at the bar, I’ll come get you.”

Sam huffed.  “Right.  I’ll believe that.  Go on, have fun, get back here safe when you decide it’s been long enough that I’ll be asleep.”

“Oh, for…” Dean said, rolling his eyes.  “Sam, I trained you better than this.”

“Huh?”  But then Sam looked around the room, and noticed Castiel holding the aspirin bottle.  “Cas?  Hey, man.  Good to see you.  You okay?”

“No,” Castiel said.  “Thank you for the medicine.  How many should I take?”

Sam blinked, heading for the bathroom to fill a cup with water for Cas.  “Uh… I have no idea.  Angels can get hangovers?”

“It takes a lot of work, but yes, I seem to have managed it,” Cas said.  He opened the bottle and poured about half of it into his hand.  “Are you all right?  I know the trip to Heaven must have been difficult for you, thanks to Zachariah.”

“Zachariah?” Sam said.  “What’s he got to do with it?  Wouldn’t he be keeping me out if he could?  Most of Heaven would…”

“Not all angels are like Zachariah and Uriel, Sam,” Castiel said.  “There are many of my brothers and sisters who regretted that a soul so clearly meant to come to us was destined to be Lucifer’s vessel.  If we can stop the Apocalypse, there’s no reason not to welcome you into Heaven.”

“Sure there is.  It’s kind of my fault the Apocalypse is happening.  Demon blood, vengeance… those aren’t the kinds of things Heaven’s looking for,” Sam said.  If God hadn’t granted him salvation personally, he knew where he’d have been after Walter and Roy shot him.  He wasn’t exactly looking forward to it, but he knew the score.

“It’s Dean’s fault, too.  Mine as well.  You only played one small part, and if you’d ever been told the truth about Lilith, I doubt very much you’d even have done that,” Castiel said.  “If we must assign all the blame to one entity, then I suggest we give it to my Father.  He’s the one who planned all this, and refuses to step in and end this before Michael and Lucifer ruin his creation.”

“I’m so sorry, Cas,” Sam said.  “I know that my relationship with my dad hardly compares to you and God, or my relationship with God for that matter, but I know what it’s like to lose your faith so harshly.”

“I’m sorry for that,” Castiel said.  “Looking back now, I very much regret my behavior when we were introduced.  I didn’t intend to hurt you, but I did.”

Sam stopped unwrapping his chicken wrap, staring over at Cas.  What had brought that on?  Eventually he shook it off and went back to supper.  “Sorry about driving Dean off.  I’m glad you came back, though.  Hard enough to deal with this kind of crap without adding to it by cutting yourself off from your friends.”

Castiel tilted his head, looking confused.  “You didn’t drive Dean off.  I could easily have gone with him, but the point of him leaving was to give me a chance to talk to you without him.”  That threw Sam.  “If I’d realized how it would affect you for him to leave so soon, I would have postponed this, but I wanted to do it before I could convince myself not to.  Dean believes you have developed feelings for me.”

“Well, um…” How the hell had Dean even known, Sam wondered as his brain raced, trying to