"Ya. Keeping it."

He went back to the monitor, "Okay. I will print some pictures for you to take home and you can be on your way. You need to change your bandages twice a day for a week to not get infections." He printed the pictures and handed them to you.

Dean stood up with the doctor, "Thank you doctor."

He nodded and left. Dean turned to you and you looked up at him, tears glistening.

"Baby what's wrong?" Dean wiped your face and kissed your mouth.

"You really want this kid?"

Dean sat on the bed with you, "I do baby, I do. I love you, and I love the family we have. I'm just so afraid of exactly what had happened to you. You shouldn't be with me, my life is dangerous. Even if I don't hunt much anymore."

You leaned forward and kiss Dean's lips, "I know your life Dean. I'm not afraid, I love you. I want you here; with me, with Mason, with me through this pregnancy. I don't care about your past life, I know you will always keep me safe, keep our family safe. Please stay."

"Always Y/N... I had wanted to do this somewhere nice. Its been bugging me for weeks." Dean got down on one knee, pulling a box out.

You started to tear up, hands over your mouth.

"Y/N L/N, I have never stopped loving you ever since the first time I've seen you in high school and I never want to stop. I'm mad at myself that I didn't have the balls to stand up to my dad and stay with you, I missed Mason growing up. I want to be here for this kid though, and every day after for the rest of my life. I love you so much, I had never felt this way about anyone, it's unbelievable sometimes. Would you make me the most blessed man in this world and will you be my wife?"

You were sobbing now. You threw yourself at Dean and snuggled his neck, "Yes. Yes! God yes. Forever and always."

Dean picked you up and sat on the bed. You on his lap. He lifted your chin and kissed you deeply.

"God I love you Y/N. Soon to be Mrs. Winchester."

"I love the sound of that."

The next chapter will be a lot about our loved Sammy! Maybe. You'll find some stuff out. :)

Thanks for reading lovelies!

Lotta crap happens guys. I don't even know how to explain.

It's not that much c:


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Dean had left you to go and sign you out.

He opened the door and Sam stood up, "So?"

"The baby is healthy and she can go home. Just need to clean the cuts and all. Oh and she said yes."

Sam sighed, "You mean yes as in yes? That's great! I'm happy for you man. Though, I'm not going to be going with you guys though, a friend is picking me up. We got a thing to do."

Dean rose his eyebrows, "Oh Sammy look at you! Got a lady friend you haven't told us about?" 

Sam walked with Dean to the receptionist, "Heh, Ya Dean. I do."

Dean took the paperwork and sat down, "So tell me about her. She nice? She hot?"

Sam chuckled, "Ya Dean, like you can say anything. You're engaged."

Dean raised his hands, "Hey I'm just wondering bro. I got my own girl. I'm an engaged man Sammy."

"Ya well, she's nice and I met her at work. We've been talking for awhile. Her name's Annie."

"So you gonna ask her out Sammy?" Dean waggled his eyebrows.

"I was thinking about it. She's great." Sam got this lovestruck look in his eyes.

"Oh Sammy you're in deep. Already so fast too. I wish you luck. Go and have fun on your date, I'm going to take Y/N home and get Mason on the way. Family time."

He clapped Sam on the back and stood, giving the paperwork to the receptionist, "Good luck with telling Mason about his new sibling!"

Sam was walking away from Dean, he said a quick goodbye to you and left.

Dean came back in your room and started packing your things, "C'mon sweetheart get dressed. We're leaving. Gotta pick up Mason. Sammy is going out with his soon to be girlfriend so he isn't joining us."

"Since when did he start talking to someone?" You quickly dressed and stood by Dean.

"Couple weeks ago, wasn't serious then so he