, puzzle pieces slotting into place in his mind. "Which would mean that you're Dean Winchester?"

"One and the same," Dean says with a grin. "And you would be?"

Castiel states, "Castiel Milton."

Dean's jaw drops, and his face grows clearly impressed. "You're an honor roll student."

"Yes," Castiel answers, even though it wasn't technically a question.

Dean hops up onto the bathroom counter, looking down at Castiel. "Well, how does an honor roll student throw a party like this? Are you aware that there are two drunk girls making out on a table in your living room right now?"

"Sadly, yes," Castiel admits. "One of them is my sister."

Dean laughs, long and hard, and then smiles at Castiel, who swallows unconsciously. He notices Dean's gaze dropping down to his throat before flicking back up to his lips, and then to meet his eyes, and suddenly, the noise and clamor of the party seem to fade into the background. Dean opens his mouth to say something, and Castiel blurts out, "Uh, do you want to--" before cutting himself off quickly.

"Yes," Dean breathes out, and Castiel feels his whole face reddening.

"Really?"

"Yeah," Dean shrugs, still grinning cheekily, and Castiel turns to look back at the hallway nervously before shutting the door behind himself, and moving closer to Dean.

"Just to be clear, we're talking about the same thing, right?" Castiel inquires, fidgeting slightly with his hands.

Dean reaches out and grabs Castiel's hands in his. "I think so," he says as he pulls Castiel so close that their lips collide almost instantly, and it would have been awkward if it wasn't so damn good.

Castiel can feel himself losing control from the second Dean's hands are on his body, and he presses his lips back to Dean hurriedly and needily. Dean makes a pleased noise into his mouth and his hands travel under Castiel's hoodie and shirt as he pulls himself down off of the counter.

The height difference isn't so big now that they're both standing, and Castiel has more room to explore Dean's mouth and body. Dean is half-hard already, and Castiel can feel his brain about to short-circuit completely, so he reaches out and locks the doorknob with shaky fingers before returning to carding his fingers through Dean's hair.

"Shit, Cas, I, fuck," Dean speaks eloquently, and Castiel thinks privately that his frequently-used nickname sounds so much more intimate when Dean is moaning it out. He releases his hands from Dean's hair, and then whispers into his ear, "Tell me if I should stop, okay?"

He slowly makes his way down Dean's body, and then lands, knees pressing into the generic carpet pattern of his bathroom. He looks up at Dean through thick eyelashes, and Dean looks so far gone already that Castiel feels himself getting an erection. He ignores it, though, in favor of unzipping Dean's pants and easing his cock out of his boxers.

Dean has ceased his feeble attempts at speech, and is biting his lip slightly as he stares down at Castiel. His hips keep jerking forward a little bit, as if Dean wants to thrust forward so badly but is restraining himself, and Castiel places his lips around the head of Dean's cock and sucks in hard.

He can hear Dean let out a sudden string of incoherent curses and moans, and Castiel goes further, humming slightly around Dean's dick. When he does that, Dean goes weak-kneed and collapses back, using the counter to prop himself up. Castiel focuses on the task at hand, and takes as much of Dean as he can into his mouth before pulling off almost completely. He glances up at Dean, and then reaches over to grab the student's hand and pulls it over to rest on his head.

Dean's fingers weave through Castiel's hair, and then, suddenly, like a switch is turned on, Dean pulls softly but firmly on his hair, and he is instantly totally in control, and Castiel is totally, totally hard. He lets out an involuntary moan around Dean's dick, and then opens his mouth to suck in more of Dean's erection. He begins to move faster and faster, and what he can't reach with his mouth his hand flies up to help with, and then he wraps his fingers around the base of the erection and strokes upwards.

The only warning Castiel has before Dean comes is a muted cry and the fingers on the back of his head falling away, and then Dean's knuckles are clenched around the edge of the countertop as he comes into Castiel's mouth. The sensation itself is not that sexy, and Castiel swallows what he can but has to stand up to spit out the rest into the sink while Dean is recovering.

Dean's hands reach up and grab his shoulders, and