Ellen Harvelle.  You know her?”

“Nope, never heard of her.”  Didn't mean she didn't know of him, could've been a friend of Dad's that he'd burned bridges with when Sam was still too small to remember.  Could be a hunter who was just better at finding people than Benny was.

“My job’s trackin’ vampires and other things, not humans.  Had no idea how to track someone who knew how to obliterate himself from the record.  Ellen's the one who thought to look for your new name.”

“Vampires.”

“Yeah.”

Whatever this guy was pulling, he'd made a mistake.  “They’re extinct.”

Benny smirked.  “Tell that to the nest I cleaned out last week.  They’re extinct, but the race sure ain’t.”

“Huh.  Dad was wrong.”  That was rare enough that Sam almost didn't realize he'd slipped.  Too late to change it now, though.

“So you are Sam?”

Sam sighed.  May as well acknowledge it.  “Yeah.  I’m Sam.”

“Well, come on outside.  Got something out there for you.”

Sam raised an eyebrow.  “That doesn’t sound creepy at all.”

Benny grinned.  “Well, it’s a bit big to bring in here.”

“Not helping…”  Sam got to his feet and headed outside.  He knew exactly what Benny was supposed to give him the second he laid eyes on the sleek black Impala in the corner of the parking lot.  Dean’s baby.  Home.  He went over and ran a hand along the side.  She was just as beautiful as when he’d last seen her, the night Dean drove him to the bus stop to send him off to Stanford.  “She still work?”

“Yeah."  Benny held up the keys.  "Dean said not to give you these until you promised to go to Bobby Singer and get him to teach you how to look after her properly.”

Sam teared up, and he threw his arms around Benny.  “Thank you for not giving up.  This car… this means so much to me.”  He took the keys as he pulled away and unlocked the front door.

“There’s some other stuff inside.  I think Dean knew he wasn’t long for the world, or maybe he set this up every time he went into a particularly dangerous situation.  But there’s a letter for you and some other things.”  Benny started heading into the bar.

“Wait."  Sam got back out of the Impala. "If you drove the Impala here, how are you getting around now?”

Benny shrugged.  “Walk to the motel tonight, go buy or steal a used car tomorrow.”

Sam bit his lip.  “This is gonna sound crazy, but… Dean was right all along.  I belong out there, hunting.  But I can’t do it alone.  I’d drive myself crazy on the long drives, the downtime.  I’m gonna be rusty as hell, but if you don’t mind knocking off the rust…”

“Dean always said you could’ve been way better than him, if you didn’t hate the life so much."  Benny came back over.  "You sure you wanna do this?  You’re out.  Most hunters’d give their left arm for what you got.”

“Most hunters got into this as adults.  This was my life.  From the time I was a baby.  I got out, I lived the dream, and now it’s time for me to get back to what I do best.  Too late to do it with Dean like I should’ve, but you were a good enough friend to him that he trusted you with the Impala.”

“He told me all these stories about his little brother Sammy.  He missed you so much.  I, uh…”  Benny leaned against the car.  “You got the right to know, I guess, if you’re offerin’ to ride with me.  The stories from Dean, what I learned tryin’ to track you down… I kinda developed a bit of a crush on you.”

“Yeah?”  Sam looked Benny over.  “Sounds like a good thing.  As long as you remember Dean was telling you only the good parts.  Probably didn’t tell you what a whiny bitch I am when I’m sick.”

“Read your letter.  I’ll be inside gettin’ a drink.  When you’ve had a chance to think about it, if you still wanna run away with me… say the word, we’ll find a way to make it work.”

Dean’s letter was mostly explanations, apologies.  When John went missing, Dean’s first instinct was to come get Sam, but he couldn’t make himself do it.  Either he’d find Dad right away and he wouldn’t need Sam’s help, or it would be a long journey that would ruin Sam’s new life.


I’m