, coffee table.  “How are those applications coming, Cas?”

Cas groaned and unwrapped himself from Sam to start gathering.  “They’re almost at the point of making me fantasize about grabbing you and Sam and the Impala, taking off and driving until we find some place where no one’s ever heard of college.  Fortunately I only have two more, and one of those is Stanford – I saved it for last to motivate myself to keep going through the rest.  Watch, though.  The essays will be completely different, now that Sam says the ones I’ve already done are finally good.”

It's Halloween.  It's Friday night.  It's a perfect combination for a high school party, right?  Well, not so much when the hostess's mom hates you(r boyfriend).

When they got home from soccer practice, Dean was grinning.  “Got you two costumes for Jess’s party!”

“Oh no,” Sam said.  He’d just figured he’d go as a soccer player and Cas would go as an artist.  Simple, cheap, and good for last-second costumes.  Dean, on the other hand… Dean would have come up with something utterly ridiculous.

“What did you do, Dean?” Cas asked warily.

“Just go up and look,” Dean said.  “She serving dinner or should I throw something together before you leave?”

“There’ll be food there,” Sam said, heading for the stairs with a look of dread.  Cas followed him.

On the bed, Sam found two costumes.  One was an angel costume that had a note on it reading “CAS”.  “Well, he’s not wrong there,” Sam said, enjoying the thought of Cas as an angel.  “You ever drawn yourself as an angel?”

“No.  I suppose you’re going to tell me I have to, now?” Cas said.

Sam grinned.  “Yeah.  You can skip drawing me as a tiger, though, Dean is ridiculous.”  Sam’s costume was, in fact, a tiger suit.  “What’s he even trying to say here?”

Cas shrugged.  “That you look good in stripes?  I don’t know.  I wonder if he got a costume for himself.”

“I doubt it.  If he did, it’ll be something easy to get out of.”

 

Jess met them at the door, wearing a bright pink minidress and shoes that made Sam’s feet hurt just looking at them.  “Hi, Barbie!” he said.

“Heya, tiger.”  Jess gave both boys a quick hug.  “Cas, are you trying to advertise something to my mother?”

Cas rolled his eyes.  “Dean picked it.  It’s quite possible he was thinking along those lines.”

“Is Dean still here?”  Jess looked out toward the road.  “Don’t know that he’d be all that interested in a high school party, but I wouldn’t mind.”

“No, he’s at another party,” Sam said.  He and Cas headed in, but Sam stopped and turned back.  “Wait a minute.  Jess, do you have a crush on my brother?”

“Maybe?  Sam, I get how you could miss it, but Cas, you’ve gotta have my back on this.  Dean is seriously hot, right?”  Jess grinned, leaning forward and lowering her voice.  “Not really, he’s way too old for me.  But can’t you just see the look on my mom’s face if I let her think I do?”

“Oh god.”  Sam fought off the mental images of Jess and Dean that were threatening to overwhelm his brain.  “Jess, you’re evil.”

“Dean is attractive, I suppose,” Castiel said.  “Not my type, but looking at him objectively, yes, he is an attractive man.”

Sam let out a big, dramatic sigh.  “And here I thought I’d finally found something I didn’t have to share with my big brother.”

Jess looked between them nervously, but relaxed when Cas smiled.  “You two are terrible!”

“It’s Halloween.  Isn’t it supposed to be a night for scaring people?”  Sam ducked the smack Jess directed at him as she headed for the door, where the bell had just rung.  Sam and Cas headed on in.  “Check it out, Dracula!”  Sam pointed at the TV.  “Complete bullshit on the lore, but it’s a great movie.”

Jess’s mother mostly stayed out of the way of the high school party, only coming down to the basement where most of the games were being played to deliver more food and check to make sure no one had spiked the punch.  One time, either by bad luck or because a Winchester had angered some kind of luck god, she came down just as Sam obeyed the spinning bottle and pulled Cas in for a kiss.  The disapproving noise stopped him cold.

“Oh my god, I am so sorry,” Jess said when