close enough to the window to be hit by the rain coming in.  And Sammy still didn’t have a shirt on.

“I was gonna come play security guard for the night,” Dean admitted.  “Why the fuck is it open in the first place?”

Sam sighed.  “Because… I’m taking this folklore class,” he said.  “Don’t give me that look, I have to take an elective in culture and I figured the folklore class would be the most genuinely blowoff class from the list.”

Dean’s smile grew huge.  “Straight-A Sammy chose a course based on his ability to blow it off?”

“I’m taking twenty hours, Dean,” Sam protested.  “The general rule is three hours outside class for every hour in, so that’s an eighty-hour week.  But if I did this, then I’m done with the general requirements crap and can start focusing on my history and law classes.”  Dean had no idea what to say to that.  He hadn’t known there were even requirements in college.  “Anyway.  So I read this legend, some medieval thing.  If you leave a window open during a rainstorm, and observe certain other rituals, the thing you miss most will come in with the rain.”

Dean snorted.  “That sounds like so much bull.”

“Tell me about it,” Sam agreed.  “I’ve tried it five or six times, and it only worked once.”

“Huh.  What came in with the rain for you?” Dean asked.  “Because a 15% success rate on something fiddly like that isn’t too bad.  I don’t guess… you think it might work with a car window?”

“I don’t know, cars weren’t exactly around in medieval times, Dean,” Sam said prissily.  “I do know that you leaving the window open for rain to come into your baby, whatever it is you’re missing would have to be something really goddamn special to you.”

“Yeah, and you know I don’t really have any shit I’d consider special enough for it,” Dean said thoughtfully.  “’Cept one, of course.”

“Dean, you can’t leave the Impala’s windows open when the Impala’s what’s missing,” Sam said, like he was explaining to a four-year-old.

“Huh?  No, not my baby,” Dean said.  “I’m not stupid, Sammy.  Anyway, you never did say what came in for you.”

Was that… was Sam blushing?  “You know I never had any thing I ever really cared about, the way you care about your baby or that ring you use to open your beers… that’s probably why it took so long to work.  You’re not exactly going to come in with the rain if you’re hunting a rugaru in Alabama or something.”

Dean glanced at the ring.  “This thing?  Sure, it’s nice and a handy bottle opener, but if it gets lost on a hunt… I don’t care.  It’s the amulet that would break me if I ever lost it.  See, my kid brother gave it to me the night I had to shatter his world.  It’s kind of a symbolic thing, a promise I made that night that I’d always be there to help pick up the pieces.”  He’s suddenly aware that he is entirely too close to Sammy.  “I guess I should take it off and give it back, I broke that promise when I let him walk away from me and didn’t even try to at least keep something open between us.”

He reached for the amulet, but Sam’s hands got there first, pressing the cord into his neck.  “I know your phone number, Dean.  If I didn’t have entirely too much of the Winchester pride, I could have called.  I wasn’t even pissed at you.  I knew I was ripping your heart out, and I did it anyway.  If anything, you should be taking it off and throwing it away because I broke my promise not to leave you alone.”  Sam smiled, but there was a sardonic touch Dean didn’t much like.  “Neither of us were ever meant to do this alone.  I don’t know how you coped after you and Dad split up.  I take way too many hours per semester and spend so much time overthinking papers that the library workers have threatened to set up a bedroom in the history section for me.”

Dean shook his head.  That sounded like Sammy, all right.  “I chose hunts that kept pulling me farther and farther west, until I ended up in San Carlos,” he admitted.  “Nearly fucked up more times than I can count.  I can do this alone, Sammy, but I don’t want to.”

Sam inched closer, close enough for him to lean his forehead down to rest against Dean’s head.  Dean’s breath caught.  “Bobby had an