been annoying Sam to death at every meal ever since.

"You know, just because I told you about that whole 'blood type diet' thing last week doesn't mean you can just eat whatever you want now. And having A-type blood doesn't make me Chinese food-intolerant, Dean, just like having O-negative blood doesn't mean you're immune to food poisoning. Besides, none of those theories are even proven yet."

"Yeah, yeah, I know that," Dean said with a dismissive wave of his hand as he pulled the now steaming container out of the microwave. "But I'm telling you, there's nothing wrong with this food, Sammy." He took a large bite of tempura chicken slathered in gooey sauce just to prove his point. "There are plenty of canned veggies in the pantry you can eat if my dinner bothers you so much."

Sam shook his head and sighed, not willing to admit to Dean that he'd already been planning exactly that. "Alright. But don't come crying to me in the middle of the night when you wind up with E. coli."

Dean took another bite of chicken and scowled at Sam, making his way into Bobby's living room with his treasured food in his hands. "Eat me, bitch."

It wasn't long after dinner when Sam and Dean retired to bed. There hadn't been anything good on TV, and Sam was too afraid to mess up the delicately-balanced stacks of books everywhere to actually find one to read; Dean just wasn't interested in reading, period. They each took one of the twin beds in Bobby's upstairs guest room, which he had put in there once the two of them became frequent visitors in his home. Sam was grateful, because sleeping on the downstairs couch with his legs hanging over the footrest was really not good for his back.

Sam had been asleep for only a few hours when he woke up, blearily realizing that something wasn't right. He looked at the clock – it was only a little after midnight – and then over at Dean's bed, which made it apparent what the problem was. His brother was nowhere in sight. Figuring Dean had just gone to the bathroom, Sam flipped onto his back and stared at the ceiling, hoping his older brother would get back into the room so he could verify he was okay and go back to sleep. But when over fifteen minutes had passed and there was still no sign of Dean, Sam started to worry a little.

"Dean?" he called softly, getting out of bed and making his way to the dark hall. He strode barefoot down the old wooden floor toward the bathroom, where he saw that the light was indeed on under the door. But there was no sound from inside, and it wasn't like Dean to stay in there for more than a couple minutes at a time. Now sure he knew what was going on, Sam made his way to the door and rapped lightly on it with his knuckles. "Dean? You in there?"

"Go 'way, Sammy…" Dean growled from the other side.

Sam grinned in spite of himself. "What was that you were saying about having a stomach of steel?" Sometimes Dean was really an idiot. When all Sam heard was a pitiful moan from behind the door, though, his smile faded instantly. That didn't sound good. "Dean? I'm coming in, okay?"

"Mmhmm…"

The door was unlocked when he turned the knob, which was almost unheard of for someone as paranoid as Dean. Dreading what he might find, Sam pushed open the old wooden door, blinking rapidly as his eyes adjusted to the sudden brightness that contrasted with the blackness of the hall. Once he could see again, he immediately dropped down to kneel beside his brother, who was curled up in a ball on his side next to the toilet. The smell of vomit permeated the entire room, making Sam feel a little nauseous himself, but he ignored it in favor of tending to his obviously sick older brother.

"Hey," Sam said gently, putting a hand on Dean's clammy, shivering shoulder and grimacing at the grayish pallor of his face. "You doin' okay?"

Dean glared at Sam and sat up, obviously about to answer with some kind of sarcastic retort, but he suddenly gagged and clapped a hand over his mouth, hanging his head back over the toilet just as another wave of vomit rushed up his throat to join whatever he'd thrown up earlier. Sam felt guilty for teasing him now, especially when Dean's arms curled up around his stomach and he began to moan with every breath he could manage to pull in between heaves. Not knowing what else to do, he just sat on the floor beside the older Winchester, rubbing circles on his sweaty back as he retched again and again until nothing but air was coming up.

"Son of a bitch…" Dean muttered after he'd finally caught his breath. He spat