the chair still staring at the blank television, his mouth arched downwards in a perfect U of discontent and his eyebrows a straight line over his eyes. “Yeah, some might say they want to take a bite out of his ass.”

Sam’s eyes widened in shock. “It was a joke! For God’s sake, Bobby, he’s a cookie….. No! ‘Cookie’ is not some slang term for…..” Sam dropped his face into his hand, grumbling under his breath. “He’s literally a cookie…a gingerbread man, actually. No, really. Really, I mean it. No, I haven’t been drinking. You want me to send you a picture?”

He stalked over to where Dean was propped and flashed a quick picture with his phone, the sound of Bobby’s laughter spilling tinnily from the small contraption only seconds later.

Sam couldn’t help but join in. “I know! He’s even got little bootlaces iced on his shoes! That’s some quality witchcraft…. No, I already looked there. Very funny, Bobby. Sure, if I had her number I’d call her; Dean was just communing at her altar a minute ago. You will? Thanks. Talk to you later.”

He tossed his phone on the bed, walking towards the bathroom. “Bobby said he had an idea, so he’s going to research some possibilities. Give me a minute and I’ll go get us some dinner….er, you know what I mean.”

Sam disappeared into the bathroom, coming out only minutes later, grabbing the car keys off the table before turning around to snatch up his phone off the bed. He paused, brow furrowing as he pulled his hand back, studying the mess left on his cell. The small phone was striped with messy streaks of lemon yellow icing, making Sam grind his teeth as he looked around for any sign of his brother.

“Dean? If you peed on my phone, you’re having a bath in a hot cup of coffee tomorrow morning, you hear me? Decaffeinated!” 

                                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sam came back later that evening loaded with packages, eyes carefully skirting the room to place Dean’s location before he stepped inside. While he knew he had left Dean in the middle of the bed before leaving - safely protected from inadvertent breakage - Dean wasn’t there when Sam opened the door.

He caught sight of Dean leaning stiffly against the open bottle of beer Sam had left on the table by his laptop. The beer was now precariously perched on the edge of the table, only an inch from falling and spilling its contents over the laminate floor.

Sam set his bags on the chair with a sigh of annoyance. “Do you have any common sense at all, Dean? Or should I just get a glass of milk and let you lose a few more inches in height?”

Dean’s grim gumdrop-eyed look was amazingly expressive, even his cinnamon dusted hair looking dismayed at the realization he couldn’t have a sip of beer.

Sam felt a little guilty for pointing out the obvious. “Here…I got something to make up for being such a jerk earlier.”

He reached into one of the larger bags and pulled out a gingerbread house, the roof cracked in places and some of the icing icicles broken. “Holiday leftovers…thought it might be nice for you to have a home of your own.”

Sam’s bangs fell to shield his gaze as he set the house on the table. When he looked up, Dean’s red iced mouth was a wavy wriggle of suppressed emotion - just a hint of blue sprinkles were collected under one gumdrop eye. Sam sorted through the rest of the bags, giving Dean time to recoup, and when he glanced back at his brother, all signs of the traitorous blue sprinkles were gone, leaving an amused looking Dean with one iced eyebrow arched high.

“And,” Sam added with a grin, “I got you some new friends.” He propped another gingerbread man next to Dean, and a gingerbread woman on his other side, both with the generic features of mass-produced goods found in most nation-wide grocery stores. “Dean, meet Ken and Barbie.”

He started to chuckle, ducking his head to hide his glee, and when he glanced up Dean was gone, the graham cracker door of the gingerbread house shut firmly closed behind him. 

                                      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sam woke, the scent of stale gingerbread strong in the air. He opened one eye, focusing on the blurry shape in front of him only to find Ken’s head impaled on a toothpick sticking out of a complimentary bar of motel soap just inches from his nose.

“Very mature, Dean,” Sam called out through a yawn.

He clumsily pushed himself upright, tossing Ken’s head in the direction of the trash can. Sam scanned the room, looking for any sign of his brother, but saw nothing. A shiver crept down his spine, and he had a flashback to that traumatizing Twilight Zone episode with the killer doll.

He’d