sight in the darkness. The basics stayed the same – the Master of the Hunt, no matter what name he went by, his Riders and his hounds, participating in an endless Hunt that would end only when the world did.

That had to kind of suck.

The quarry changed from story to story – sometimes spirits of the dead or larger than usual animals, sometimes adulterous women or unbaptized children, sometimes creatures not supposedly ever seen on human soil; that seemed to depend on where the Hunt was located. The moral of the story never wavered – do not attract the interest of the Hunt because once they had the scent, they would follow their quarry until the ends of the earth – never ceasing, never resting until what they hunted was dead.

The Winchesters were screwed big time.

“We don’t have a chance,” Sam panted as they wove their way recklessly through the trees, their rain-wet clothes sticking like a second skin. The moon lit their path, casting strange shadows that kept them nervous and jumpy as they skirted any suspicious areas large enough to conceal a threat in darkness.

“Shut it, Sam,” Dean replied, his eyes focused straight ahead. “I’ve got a plan. Now just shut up and run.”

“Wanna share?” Sam gasped, already feeling his muscles complaining at the exertion.

“Remember the salt mine we checked out when we were hunting that wood sprite thing? We’re headin’ there. Stay inside until dawn and we should be all right. ‘Cause there’s no way in Hell we can outrun them.”

Sam smiled, putting on an extra burst of speed. “That might just work, Dean.”

“Yeah, I thought so,” Dean agreed with a grin. “Now do you remember where it is? I left the map in the car.”

                                                                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

What seemed only a minute later, a loud, reverberating horn sounded through the forest, sending shivers down their spines as a sudden eruption of barks and growls pierced their ears, making Sam and Dean drop in pain as they clutched their hands over the sides of their heads to block out the noise. The baying of the hounds increased in volume, the sounds shredding the peacefulness of the wood until Sam and Dean cried out in reply, the sound lost in the vibrating din of the Hunt’s call as the blood seeped slowly out of their ears. Even if they were not participating in this Hunt, the hounds’ blood rallied to the Hunter’s call and they cried out their allegiance to Woden, to Herne, to Cernunnos – to all the many names that deified the Master of the Hunt – demanding their share of the kill with the hot taste of blood on their tongues.

“Oh, fuck, that hurts,” Dean hissed, unsteadily rising to his feet, blood smeared over his cheek and dotting the shoulders of his jacket. Sam nodded dumbly, his own face pale with the strain of standing.

They stood dumbfounded for a minute, still dizzy from the abrupt cessation of the pain when they heard a soft rustling coming towards them. They turned in the direction of the sound, hesitating as they decided what they should do, when a rolling wave of forest creatures flew and skittered and slid past. A squirrel landed on Sam’s shoulder, startling him into emitting a very girlish yelp as its claws dug into his skin before it leapt to the safety of the nearest branch, hop-scotching its way from tree to tree until it disappeared from sight. A bear brushed by Dean, the slick oiliness of its fur surprising him as it swept the length of his arm, nearly spinning him on his feet with its sudden weight pressing against him. Every animal was on high alert, ears pitched forward and eyes wide with instinctive terror as they ran as fast and as far as they could.

Sam and Dean glanced at each other, and Dean said in resignation, “They’re coming.”

                                                                               ~~~~~~~~~~~~~

“We’re never gonna make it to the mine,” Sam said, panting. “It’s still a couple of miles east.”

“Dammit!” Dean cursed in agreement, pausing in his full-out run when he admitted to himself that his brother was right. He leaned over, sucking in air as he rested his hands on his knees, trying to get the pounding in his head to die down to a low throb. “We need a new plan.”

“What we need is a way to get there faster,” Sam demurred, his eyes slanting in thought as he tugged on his lower lip.

“What we need are weapons,” Dean cursed under his breath, quietly berating himself for the loss of the shotgun back at the Gate. Even Sam’s knife would have been welcome, but it was probably thick with congealing blood, still stuck in the wood sprite’s carcass a mile or so behind them.

“Car’s out – would have to go straight through the bulk of the Riders,” Sam continued, ignoring him. “But maybe….” Sam grinned, his teeth a sudden flash of white in the growing darkness. “But maybe we could