minotaur first and would come find Dean after, and not something was shifting the labyrinth as they went through it.  He tied the blue yarn to the red and cut it off, then started following the red yarn.  It was as good a strategy as any.  Saved yarn, too, although Dean did cut small pieces off to tie to the red yarn every so often.

The halls started narrowing, dimming, and Dean hoped that meant he was approaching the middle.  When the red yarn abruptly cut off, he forced himself to keep calm.  That didn’t mean much.  That just meant that Sam was nearby.  He tied his blue yarn to the end of the red and kept going.

Two more left turns took Dean to a wide open hall, with a brightly-lit door.  Either he’d gotten turned around and found another entrance, or he’d made it to the center.  The machete coated in pig’s blood was in his hand as he approached.

It led to a large, circular room.  There were a lot of things to notice, but only two that were important.  One: there was a giant bull-headed man lying on the ground surrounded by blood, clutching his leg.  Two: the minotaur was standing over his brother roaring and preparing to strike.  “Hey!  Ugly!”  Dean pulled his gun and fired.

The minotaur bellowed in pain as the bullet hit his arm.  He whirled and charged at Dean.  Dean got out of the way, tripping the minotaur as it charged past him.  He raised the machete and started hacking, trying to weaken the beast.  When its thrashing slowed, Dean lined up the shot and took its head off.

Dean dropped to his knees beside Sam, trying to work out what was wrong, what had been done to him.  Sure, he might think his brother was metaphorically bull-headed, but only the fact that the actual minotaur wasn’t wearing plaid meant that he could be sure he hadn’t killed the wrong one.  Sam, bless him, had his phone out and was doing his best to keep pressure on a wound in his leg with one hand while he typed a message with the other.


Curse.  Minotaur bled into my leg.  Need to break.  Not sure how.  Hoped when minotaur died.


“Well, shit.”  Dean looked at the leg.  It needed to be bandaged, but doing it anywhere near right would have to wait until they were back out.  He did the best he could with what they had on hand.  Sam wouldn’t bleed out, but that was about the best Dean could say for it.  “All right, up you go.  I can’t haul your ass back to the car, you’re gonna have to try to walk. Hop.  Whatever you can do, little brother.  Let’s get you out of here.”

Somehow, thanks to the yarn, Dean managed to get Sam out.  And again, somehow, time dilation.  They’d started in the morning; the sun was down.  Dean checked the stars – it was well after midnight.  In good news, for some reason Castiel was sitting on the hood of the Impala.	“Cas?  Little help here?”

Castiel snapped to attention and reached out to Sam.  The leg was an easy fix.  The head, not so much.  “Let’s get him out of here.  There is still magic in the labyrinth, and it’s interfering with my ability to restore Sam’s usual appearance.”

“There’s still magic?  What do we gotta do to shut this thing down?”  Dean looked back at the maze.  He’d have figured once the minotaur was dead, so was the labyrinth.

“Time.  Without the minotaur to feed it, the labyrinth’s magic will fade within a week.  Thankfully it’s in a remote location, so tourism should be minimal.”  Castiel touched Dean’s arm.  “We need to get Sam out of here.  The longer he’s stuck like this, the more he’ll become like the minotaur, until he becomes one and generates his own labyrinth.”

“Right.  Wouldn’t want that.”  They got Sam in the Impala, in the backseat where he could sit in the middle so his horns wouldn’t break a window, and Dean took off.

Ten miles out, Sam started shaking.  After another five, Sam let out a bellow that nearly drove Dean off the road.  “Cas?  What the fuck was that?”

Castiel reached out and touched Sam’s head.  “The magic is breaking.  It will likely be painful for Sam.  I’ll hold him still, but we need to get him farther away so that he can change back.  Drive.”  Castiel wrapped his arms around Sam’s head, and though Dean couldn’t see it, he could feel the wind from the wings as they settled around Sam.

Twenty-six miles away from the labyrinth, Sam let out another bellow, which transitioned to a scream.  Castiel held tight as Sam started to