He never said much in response, and maybe that encouraged her, too - she'd never been one for platitudes.

Despite his taciturnity, she did grow to know him, as months and then years passed by and he kept up the occasional visits. First of all it was just the various small hints she could pick up by watching him - that wedding band, which he never took off, even in the shower; the grief that was always at the back of his eyes, no matter how much they were laughing and joking. As she grew to know him better, he started to let more slip about himself, although she always knew it wasn't even a quarter of the truth. That was okay, though. He never lied to her.

They were talking one evening, drinking iced tea out in the dusty yard, and she watched him twist his wedding ring absentmindedly round and round.

'What was her name?' she asked suddenly.

His hand stilled. 'Mary.'

They sat in silence for a good hour, and then he cleared his throat. 'She's dead. Nearly four years, now.'

'I'm sorry,' she said. 'How -?'

'Fire.' He looked as if he wanted to say more, but that was all.

She wondered, but she never asked again. He'd tell her in his own time.

From time to time he'd turn up when she was dating another guy. He never made an issue of it, just backed off without demanding anything. Oftentimes he'd even stick around a few hours or a night anyway, share a meal and a drink before he headed back out on the road.

Five years in, he knocked on her door after a longer-than-usual gap. She answered wearily, too tired to care that she hadn't washed her hair in two days and milk was staining the front of the t-shirt she'd been wearing for as long.

He took those details in at a glance, eyes widening in surprise. 'I'm sorry, do you want me to go?'

She shrugged. 'There's no husband in the picture, if that's what you're asking.'

She hadn't expected him to stay – she guessed they were friends by now, but she was hardly appealing company right then – but he heaved a worn duffel over his shoulder and followed her back into the house.

When they reached the lounge he went straight to the bassinet. He stood there for a long time, looking down at her sleeping son.

'He's not yours,' she said, because the truth was the dates were near enough that he had cause to wonder.

'I know that.' He turned back and smiled at her. 'Looks nothing like my boys did.'

'You have kids?' The thought occurred too late that they might have been lost in the same fire that had killed his wife.

'Two boys.' He smiled again, and okay, thank god, they were still alive. He rummaged in his bag and pulled out the battered leather journal she'd seen him write in from time to time.

'Here.' The photo had been carefully slipped in between the pages of the journal: a fierce-eyed little boy holding onto the hand of a younger kid, who smiled up at him in obvious hero-worship. 'Dean's eleven, Sammy's just shy of seven.'

'They're beautiful kids,' she said, and meant it. 'You must be proud.'

'I am.' He looked around the room, taking in the chaos of scattered breast pads and soiled onesies. 'Get some sleep. I'll keep watch on -?'

'Jack.' It seemed like she should protest that it was too much, him helping her like this, but she was too damn tired.

'I'll keep watch on Jack, then.'

He brought Jack through a few times in the night for her to feed, took him away again when she was done. When she woke up, the house was tidy, and he was holding Jack on his shoulder, humming to him quietly.

She let out a soft sigh at the sight, and he looked up.

'Listen,' he said seriously. 'This is gonna sound crazy, but… I laid some salt around the doors and windows. It's in the sills, so it won't be in the way, but keep it there, okay?'

Crazy was right, she thought, but it was clear he was sincere.

'Okay,' she said finally, and he gave a relieved little sigh, one hand spread protectively out to hold her son's head.

Maybe they really were friends.

Three years later he turned up bleeding, a nasty gash in his arm that looked like it had been made by claws.

'Sorry – this was the closest place – wasn't…' He passed out before he could finish the sentence.

Jack looked on with calm fascination while she cleaned the wound up and checked for any others