body rocked stiffly with the movement of the car. “Let them do their jobs? And where would that leave us?”

He huffed out a frustrated breath, biting his lower lip before continuing in a rush, “What do you mean it has nothing to do with us? Everything I do is for us – for you. I promised to look out for you. Just let me...” Sam sighed, rubbing at a spot between his eyes before adding tersely, “I need to do this.”

Not wanting this to spill into another endless argument, Sam turned to stare out of the window again, his eyes narrowing when the fields flickered oddly before snapping into the steady stream of open farmland once more.

“Don’t be mad, Dean. I don’t want us to fight. I hardly get to see you anymore.” Sam turned his gaze to his brother, his hand reaching out to rub Dean’s thigh. A peaceful expression settled over Sam’s face for the first time at the feel of his brother’s firm flesh under his hand and he squeezed lightly, suggesting with a hopeful smile, “Let’s go see Bobby. How’s that sound?”

A sudden sharp ring cut through the peaceful interior of the car, causing Sam to curse under his breath as he dug into his pocket. “Forgot to turn this God-damned thing off.” He glanced at the caller ID and hit the mute button, turning apologetically towards his brother. “Gotta go, Dean. I’ll try to visit later this week. I hope you won’t still be mad.”

Sam leaned over, brushing his lips across Dean’s cheek as the Impala suddenly stopped, the engine cutting off mid-roar. The fields snapped back to the familiar oil-scented garage as Sam stepped out of the car, a bowed, grease-stained man rushing up to rub his fingerprints off the sleek skin of the Impala until it glimmered like black glass.

Sam smoothed back his hair, not bothering to look down at the creature following behind him as he made his way to the mirror installed by the door. “Fix the vid-screen or I’ll fucking have your head,” Sam stated evenly. The black-eyed demon hunched lower, bobbing its head in agreement as it began to shine Sam’s shoes.

Sam untied his tie, beginning the process over again to smooth out the wrinkles. “And good job with the arrangements. Could barely see the fishing twine keeping his hands on the wh…” Sam paused, unable to continue as his fingers faltered with his tie.

“Need help, boss?” Ruby asked wryly, leaning against the door.

“Get out. I told you that you weren’t welcome here.”

Ruby shrugged carelessly. “Didn’t answer my call. Had to check up on you.” She cast him a leering grin. “I know it’s a sacrilege to interrupt your alone time with De-…”

“Don’t you dare say his name,” Sam hissed, turning amber-tinted eyes in her direction.

“That wasn’t part of our deal. The deal was that his body remain unmarked.” She made a mocking moue with her lips, her eyes swimming with false sincerity. “How gallant, Sam, trying to save Dean from the pain of his own death; after all, those Hellhounds really like to dig in when they’ve latched onto their target.” She arched an eyebrow in Dean’s direction. “How’s that workin’ for him?”

She crossed her arms over her chest with a subtle smirk, studying Sam as he buttoned his suit coat and straightened his lapels. “Or should I ask how that’s workin’ for you?”

Sam didn’t consider that worthy of an answer as he tried to get a stray cowlick to lie obediently in place, shooing the crouched demon away with a less than gentle shove from his newly shined shoe.

“Do you really think it’s professional to still be pissed at me?” Ruby asked with a smile. “It’s been eight years already. You wiped out the entire fourth level of Hell after you took over, looking for a way to break his contract – nothing like a little demonic genocide to rile up the little people. But as you found out, even the CEO of Hell can’t break a binding contract, and Dean’s was more than binding. So sorry, boss.” Her grin made her look far from sorry, but Sam continued to ignore her.

“At least now I get the joke about Hell and lawyers. You need them to do all the paperwork,” Sam stated dryly. He stood back to study the result of his efforts in the mirror, turning slightly to make sure he was still presentable for business.

“You know you don’t have to keep it so cold in here, don’t you?” she continued. “It’s not like it’s going to rot. No damage can be done to the body - as you discovered when you tried to burn it all those