, I know. None of that's right, Sam. None of it. But you can't let this stop you. Lilith is still out there, and she still wants you dead whether Dean's here or not. If you want to do your brother's memory justice, you have to keep fighting even though he's gone. Do you understand?"

Sam nodded, pulling away from her and wiping the tears off of his face before staring into her cold eyes. "What do I need to do?"

"You've always had a heart of glass, and that's your greatest weakness. You need to toughen up, and break it before it breaks you. Learn to have a heart of stone; that's how you'll survive in a world like this. Come with me. I can show you what to do."

She stood up, extending her hand to Sam, and he closed his eyes for a moment, knowing that if he accepted the help of a demon there would likely be no going back.


Forgive me, Dean.


Then his eyes hardened, and with his hand in Ruby's they walked away, not once looking back at the place where the elder Winchester's body lay in eternal repose. And until Castiel pulled Dean up from the grave four months later, that would be the last tear Sam Winchester ever shed.

The next time Ruby came for him was only days after the first, and this time she'd brought along a demon imprisoned by chains engraved with the symbol of a Devil's Trap. When Sam looked at her questioningly, she just smirked, throwing the other demon down on the ground and gesturing for Sam to start doing something to it.

He just stared at her, and she finally rolled her eyes and sighed.

"What, Sam?"

"What do you want me to do with him?" the younger Winchester asked, crossing his arms and staring at the weakened demon.

"Exorcise him, of course!" Ruby spat, as if that should have been obvious.

"Hm. Alright, then. Exorcizamus te, omnis –"

"No, no, no! Use your powers to do it, idiot!"

"I can exorcise demons with my powers?"

Ruby sighed. This was going to be a long day.

Weeks passed, and Sam continued to improve his skills under Ruby's tutelage. Over time, he managed to stop thinking about Dean so often, sometimes even forgetting he had ever had a brother at all. Bobby had called a few times and left messages of concern for Sam's well-being, but the younger hunter had never answered them. Bobby was someone from the past; Sam had no time for him now. When he had managed to successfully exorcise a demon who wasn't bound and weakened, Ruby decided it was time to give Sam a little boost in his powers, and that was how they came to be in another seedy motel on the edge of town, sitting on the creaky old bed while Ruby cut a long slice into the flesh of her arm and offered it to him.

"Ruby…" Sam said quietly, staring wide-eyed at the cut on the demon's arm as he watched the blood well up and drip down her skin. "I don't think I can do this. It's one thing to use my powers, but drinking demon blood –"

"Shut up!" Ruby snapped, grabbing Sam's hand and pulling him down into a quick, fierce kiss so rough it made their teeth scrape together painfully. "You trust me, don't you Sam? This is the only way you'll ever be strong enough to defeat Lilith and you know it. Your powers are demonic, and you need a demon's help to fully awaken them. And not to be a downer or anything, but I'm pretty sure there aren't a lot of other demons willing to slice themselves open like this for you."

Sam gulped, still staring fearfully at the thickening blood on her forearm, and shook his head. "I know, but… I just don't think I can. If Dean were to see –"

"Dean's dead and buried, Sam! He's already food for the worms," Ruby growled, and Sam narrowed his eyes at the disrespectful way she talked about his brother. "He's been gone a month, and it's time you put him in the past and look toward the future. I know it hurts, but remember what I said: A guy like you can't afford to get so attached to people. That glass heart of yours will destroy you unless you harden it up."

Sam snorted, glaring at her while he spoke. "We both know my heart isn't made of glass anymore, Ruby, if it's even still there at all."

"Good, that means you have nothing to lose. Now come here." Ruby slowly raised her arm to her mouth, sucking up a mouthful of her own dark red blood and