only got better when he heard Jess’s voice.  “What… Sam, why do you have a gun?!”

Dean turned around, bringing the gun up instinctively, but a glance at Sam had him lowering it right away.  “You brought a civilian?”

“Technically, she brought me.  This was her idea and she was not letting me say no.”  Sam walked over to stand beside Jess.

“Sam, who is this guy?”  Jess took a step away from Sam, looking distrustfully at the gun in his hand.

Sam took a second to compose himself.  “Dean, this is my girlfriend, Jess.  Jess, this is my brother Dean.  Dean, how long do we have before Dad gets here and Jess gets to see me throwing punches?”

“Dad’s not coming.  He’s in Nebraska.”

It should have been good news, but it pissed Sam off.  “What, coming to Palo Alto was just too much for him, he sent you to do this on your own?”

“Putting up with me got to be too much last spring.  He bought himself a truck, left me a note and the keys to the Impala and said we could do more good if we hunted on our own.  Save more people.  We talk to each other at least once a week, usually more.  It’s supposed to be every day, but you know how Dad is.”

That shocked Sam into silence.  He’d never imagined that John would ditch Dean like that.  He couldn't find anything to say until Jess prodded him.  “Sam, what is going on?  What’s this hunting, because it doesn't sound like you're after deer, and why’s he calling me a civilian, and why on earth are you throwing punches at your father?”

He started with the easy question.  “I told you when I left for college my dad told me that if I walked out I could never come back.  He knows I’m here.  If I see him, I’m going to punch him, because if he wanted me out of his life then I am gonna stay out of his life.  There are people he could have sent to handle this one.  Like Dean.”

“Okay, but what are they handling?”

“There’s a ghost here,” Dean said when Sam couldn’t find a way to explain.  “Me and Dad, this is what we do, we go around hunting and ending ghosts.  Save a lot of people doing it, too.  You could’ve got yourself killed, coming here tonight.”

“Okay, but ghosts aren’t real.”  Oh, how Sam wished that were true.

“Tell that to Emeline.  DROP!”  Sam dropped.  Jess didn’t.  The iron bullet just missed her arm as Dean fired at the ghost.  “Sammy, I don’t have time to coddle your girlfriend, so either get her out of here, cover me while I dig, or take the shovel.”

Sam grabbed the shovel and started digging.  He couldn’t leave Dean here with a pissed-off ghost.  Jess ran on her own, which Sam felt bad about, but with Dean pissing Emeline off more Jess was safer running.

Once the grave was dug up, Dean helped Sam out of the hole to pour the salt and gas.  “Think your girl will be waiting for you when you get home?”

Sam shrugged.  “Probably not.  She’s probably going to run, and I can’t blame her.  I’m glad you showed up.”

“So what were you doing here, really?”

“School assignment.  Jess thought this would give me inspiration to write a spooky Halloween story.”

Dean scoffed.  “Please.  Like you need inspiration.  How about that one in Magnolia Springs, the pirate shipwreck where we had to figure out how to torch bones on the ocean floor?”

Sam laughed.  “You and Dad were so funny when Marvin showed up and schooled you both.”

“Yeah, well, Marvin knew how to dive and had gear.  We didn’t.”  But Dean laughed, too.  “Sam.  I’m sorry about the things I said back in May.  Sorry for showing up here and ruining your peace, probably driving off your girl…”

“You’re actually sorry about that?  You’re not jealous?”  That should be a pleasant surprise, but it wasn't.  Not at all.

“Jealous as hell, but unless you tell me you weren’t happy with her, that’s my problem, not yours.  And if you were happy, then I’m sorry I messed up your happiness."  Oh.  That... that was much better.  "I miss you, Sammy, but the thing that keeps me going out there is thinking you’re safe, and you’re happy, here.”

“Dad kicked you out?  You’re on your own now?”  Dean, he wanted back.   Dad, not so much.  If Dean was on his own...

“He didn