And you’re not really my brother, so…”

The look on the shifter’s face was pure Dean exasperation.  “Seriously?  You want Dean and that’s what was stopping you?”

“Well, sort of, I mean, I know it’s illegal and in most circumstances it’s considered wrong, and I know why that is.  But the only thing actually stopping me was that I could never figure out how or when to tell my brother that I wanted him to ignore one of the few laws we don’t break on a regular basis and fuck me.”

“Fair enough.”

“So…” Sam leaned forward.  “Knowing that I’m using you to fill the brother-shaped hole in my life, do you want to kiss me?”

The shifter nodded.  “Knowing that I’m not your brother, I’m just a monster playing the part, do you want me to?”

Sam thought about it.  Did he want it?  Hell yeah.  But he was having a lot more trouble convincing himself that it was right.  “Let’s start off small.  I’m not sure I can actually go through with this, not all the way, but I’m willing to give it a shot if you are.”

 

Dean went to Bobby first.  He’d have to track Sam down, and Bobby tended to stay in one place.  Bobby would also test him.  Dean thought he was real, but Bobby would probably be able to shove away any doubt.

Sure enough, once Dean convinced Bobby to test him instead of shooting him straight away, Bobby was extremely thorough.  The last test made Dean laugh once he was done sputtering.  Pure silver flask, containing a mixture of holy water, salt, and whiskey.  “It’s me, Bobby.  I’m back.  Do you know where I can find Sam?”

“Kid took off, won’t answer his phone, leaves me messages every few days sayin’ he’s alive but nothing else.”  Dean had figured that would happen.  He went to Bobby’s ancient computer.  It wasn’t Sam’s laptop, but it was better than nothing.  “Been hearing rumors, though.  They don’t make a lick of sense.”

“Yeah?  Why not?” Dean asked as he found the number he was looking for.

“Because the rumors say he’s been runnin’ with you.  Which if I didn’t know you were dead would be perfectly normal, but you were.”

 

It didn’t take Dean long to find Sam.  When he did, he was in for a series of surprises.

First, Sam was kissing someone and had her backed up against the Impala.  That wasn’t really Sam’s style.

Second, when Sam moved a little, Dean could see that he’d used the wrong pronoun.  Sam was kissing a dude.  It’s not that Dean gave a crap.  It’s just that he’d never known Sam to show any interest in kissing dudes before, and the one time they hadn’t been talking about everything in their lives, Sam had spent most of it with a smoking hot girl.

Third, he couldn’t see the guy all that well, but he could see the moment the guy pulled away from Sam and said something.  And then Sam turned and looked straight at where Dean was standing.   “You’re sure?”

“Not exactly a mistake I could make.”  Fourth surprise: the guy’s voice was identical to Dean’s.  “It’s been fun, Sam.  But it’s time for me to move on.”

Dean expected Sam to argue, to fight for the guy to stay.  Instead, Sam just said, “Are you gonna be okay?  You’ve got…”

“Yeah, of course, I’ve got someone else I can be.  Never been one person this long before.  People like me, we don’t get attachments, Sam.  You’ve got your brother, it’s time.”  So Sam had hooked up with… what, a drifter?  He wasn’t a hunter.  Something was very weird here.

“Yeah, I… thanks.  For everything.  If you need help…” Sam said.

“I know, I’ll call you.”  The guy looked over to Dean again.  “You know he’s listening to this, right?”

“He…” Sam laughed.  “I should have.”  Sam leaned forward and kissed the guy.  “That one’s for you.  Just you.”

The guy left, and as he walked away, Dean could see that he looked like him, too.  He didn’t have long to stare and wonder, though, as Sam came barreling toward him and wrapped him up in a giant hug.  “Dean!  I am so glad to see you.  Now, don’t take this the wrong way, man, but how are you here?”

“Tracked the GPS on your phone, Wedge,” Dean said, holding