find another way.”  Sam sat down and opened his computer.  At least he had something new to go on in his research.

“What?  Sammy, you…”  Dean rolled his eyes and threw an arm out at Sam.  “Cas?”

Cas stepped back.  “Sam, if this becomes life-threatening, would you rather die or have me make the attempt?”

“The hell kind of question is that?  This is gonna kill him, you save him!” Dean shouted.

Cas didn’t respond, giving Sam time to think.  “I… I’ll let you know if this gets bad enough to where I’d rather have my brain messed with than live with it.  If it gets bad enough I can’t talk, do what you gotta do so Dean doesn’t kill you, too.”

“I understand.  I’m going to call Meg and see if she has any ideas.”  Sam felt a tickle at the back of his throat as Cas left.

 

When Cas came back, Meg was with him.  “Yo, Sam.  Hear you got a floral little problem.”

Dean rolled his eyes as Sam started coughing again.  “Yeah.  Got any ideas how to fix it?”

“Actually, yeah.  Something like this, sounds like a witch’s work, right?  So set a witch to find a witch.  Once you find the witch who did this, you can make her reverse the spell or kill her.  Sam, you been spurning any witches recently?”

“No… at least, not that I know of.  How do we find a witch when we’ve got nothing to go on?”

“We take this to another witch.  I know one who owes me a favor.”  Meg held up her hands at the horrified looks from the Winchesters.  “Not like that.  She’s a natural witch.  Doesn’t have any dealings with demons.  I mean, other than asking me to look the other way while she smuggled magic potions in to a couple of the patients when I was looking after Cas in that hospital.”  She sighed as the Winchesters continued to stare.  “Good witch.  Her kids are hunters.  Swear on Cas’s grace.”

“It’s worth a try.”  Sam looked over at Dean.  “If her contact can fix this without the risk of me forgetting you…”

Dean threw up his hands.  “Fine.  Whatever.  Trusting another demon, what a great idea.”

 

Meg’s friend turned out to be a witch named Tasha Banes.  Sam told her what was going on, and Tasha gave him a sympathetic pat on the shoulder.  “Come on inside.  We should talk alone.  Max, Alicia, be sweethearts and take care of these three while I’m talking to Sam?”

Max nodded.  “Sure thing, Mom.  Saw your car, Dean, she’s gorgeous.  Mind showing her to me?”

Sam followed Tasha inside.  “Okay, honey.  I’ve seen this before.  Only once, but you don’t forget some poor girl nearly dying because of flowers.  Shame Bobby Singer’s dead, he could’ve told you exactly what this was.  It’s a Japanese curse invented by a witch named Hanahaki.”

“So it is a curse.  How do I find the witch who did this?”

Tasha shook her head.  “It’s probably impossible.  This could’ve happened when you were five years old and just kicked in now.  There’s a few cures.  The easiest is to get your angel friend out there to get the flowers out of your lungs, but that causes complications.  The best is to treat the actual problem instead of just treating the symptom.”

“Huh?  How is coughing flowers not the problem?”

“The same way the fever’s not the problem, it’s the infection.  Hanahaki’s curse was to punish a man who loved her but wouldn’t leave her alone.  So, you’re in love with someone, they don’t love you back.  You can either try to make them love you before the flowers kill you, or you can get the flowers removed.  If you do that…”

“Then I forget them, and my love for them,” Sam guessed.  The emotions and memories tied to the flowers in his lungs made sense now.

“It’s a little worse than that.  Not only would you forget them, you’d never be able to remember them again.  So you could walk out of here, your brother could reintroduce you, and the next time you saw them you’d have no clue who they were.  Depending on who it is, that could…”

“Yeah, no, that’s not an option.”  There was no way he was putting Cas through that.  “Is there any other way?”

“No.  Win their love, forget them, or die of unrequited love.  I’m sorry.  Can I ask who it is?”

“It’s… look, I know it’s weird, but there’s actually two