came with him and that was the important thing. He could learn this new Sam, burn him into his memory just as he had his Sammy.



Their whole lives they were fighting, fighting against whatever it was that wanted to destroy their little corner of the world. Their father had fallen, but Dean had protected Sam and now it was Sam’s turn.

It was time for Sam to protect him and Dean hated having put that responsibility on Sam’s shoulders.

Sam’s shoulders shouldn’t have to hold such useless weight.



When Sam disappeared in that lonely diner in the middle of nowhere, Dean came as close to pure panic as he’d ever truly gotten. Sam was gone. No clue as to why except for the silent dead littering the floor – and they weren’t willing to share what they had seen.

Then Dean found him, just in time to catch his brother’s body as it slumped into the mud.

Sam was dead. It wasn’t possible. Sam was never going to go first. It went against the very nature of Dean’s universe. Sam was the untouched one, too pure to be down here in the muck with him.

Dean couldn’t do that to him. Couldn’t cover that smiling face, those glowing eyes, that soft flesh with the cold, hard earth.

It was his Sammy and his Sammy was forever. The earth had no right to touch him.

After the deal had been set, Dean ran inside so quickly, needing to see and to taste and to touch just be sure. Sam was his forever – his tomorrow and his yesterday and he had to be sure his course was still set in the hazel planes of Sam’s eyes.

He wasn’t ever going to let go - not until the hellhounds came for him and dragged him away.



Then the armies of Hell came flooding from the gate and the future didn’t seem so sure anymore. He managed to save Sam only to leave him a world flooded with the horrors of Hell – in a world where Dean wouldn’t be around to protect him.

He’d failed. He’d failed his father and he’d failed Sam. No matter what he did, Sam was left behind to fend for himself.

Dean didn’t know how he could handle knowing that he would leave Sam behind to die.



It became more difficult when others began to notice the wonder that was Sam. It was easier when Sam was Dean’s secret, protected by all that baby fat and brattiness. Then Dean didn’t have to share his Sammy with anyone. No one was interested in the short, pudgy boy with his nose stuck in a book.

But Sam’s body stretched and molded itself to the muscles that fought so hard to carve their way beneath his skin. His smile could disarm anyone with its bright flash of teeth and a quick hint of dimple. Sam oozed compassion, but with a quiet strength that didn’t allow anyone the false impression that he was weak.

He gained inches and pounds and that brattiness was slowly replaced by a quiet assuredness. Dean’s little Sammy no longer gave a fuck if other people listened, secure in his own sense of self.

Sam wasn’t their father and refused to be their father’s shadow.

Dean had never been more jealous of his brother.



From the time they were children, once they heard their father’s snores echoing from the room next door, Dean would sneak into Sammy’s bed, needing to feel the hummingbird thrum of his brother’s heartbeat under his hand. It was perfectly innocent. Dean just needed to know with the literal-mindedness of the very young that his brother was safe throughout the night – and the only way he could be sure of that was to sleep beside him, just in case.

He’d stay until dawn, when he’d silently creep back into his own bed before their father caught them. Needing each other like that was a weakness he had tried to train right out of them both.

As Sam grew, the space in the bed next to him shrunk until the long lines of their bodies lay pressed from chest to shin against each other, their heated skins burning each other with the barest touch. Dean still stayed, stayed until it became physically impossible to sleep comfortably like that anymore.

Then he came only when invited which amounted to much the same thing, and the bed never got any bigger.



Dean didn’t know how he survived having this secret for so long. He never told anyone, even Sam, how his chest hurt whenever he looked at his brother. It was a physical pain he never understood until he was much, much older - a burning hole in the shape of Sam.

Even then it wasn’t something he could explain – a muddle of thoughts and feelings that could never be expressed with mere words. Sam was his enigma, his unsolvable puzzle, not to be shared with anyone. No one else could understand. It wasn’t something dirty or tawdry, it wasn