2 days. Sadly, that will be my last class.” Sam said with a grin when some of the women awed in disappointment. The women were quick to gather their stuff rushing off to busy lives. You couldn’t stop yourself from slowly rolling up your mat lingering to stare at Sam’s muscular arms and chest. You bite your lip walking out to the busy downtown sidewalk slowly walking to your apartment building 4 blocks down the street. Your recent ex had shown you where the studio was knowing you were interested and when the relationship ended you decide you would try it out in your free time. You had just started the 2 days a week class last week, but today was the best day you’ve had so far. You get home faster than intended walking up the three staircases to get to your apartment. 

“Zazu I’m home!” You call to your cat hidden in the one bedroom apartment. Directly to the left of the front door was your small kitchen with a bar making the living room space. The only actual rooms were the master bath and bedroom. You close and lock the door hearing the small bell of your mischievous solid white cat coming towards you. You pick him up to look at the deep green eyes you feel in love with at the pound. A knock came from the door making you both look at the right. You put him down brushing off the cat hair that instantly clung to your clothes. You looked through the peephole seeing Sam on the other side. You open the door looking confused at your new instructor. 

“Yes? How did you find me?” You ask until he held up your phone in his hand. 

“A girl said you headed this way I ran until I caught up with you then I asked your neighbors which door was yours. You left this ____ in the back.” Sam said handing it to you through the small crack in the door. You blushed opening the door fully taking the phone from him.

“Thank you, Sam. I’m sorry you had to go through all that trouble.” You say placing the phone on the counter in your kitchen when you went back to the door Sam was inside closing the front door behind him.

“If you don’t mind I would like some water. I wasn’t prepared for the stairs after running.” Sam chuckled standing in front of you in the small kitchen. You reach around him opening the refrigerator slightly to reach in pulling out a water bottle in time to see Sam staring at your ass in the pants. 

“I saw that.” You smirk when he tries to look away before you notice. 

“Sorry, it’s just so nice to look at. So are those.” Sam said staring down your tank at your hardened nipples showing through it. You bite your lip handing him the water bottle turning to grab your phone. You had a class at 4:00 across town and it was already 2:15 you need to get a shower, dressed, and homework gathered before 3:45. You felt light fingers running across your hip making you gasp lightly going completely still. The light touching soon turned into Sam’s large hands tugging your hips back into his boner pushing against his sweatpants. You moaned dry humping his impression through the clothes. Then you remembered your class and all the stuff you had to do.

“I have a class I have to get a ready for.” You sigh pulling out of his hands. 

“Are you going to take a shower?” Sam asked pushing you into the counter blocking you in with is big arms. You nibble your lip again looking at the dip of his muscles.

“I was just about to get in actually.” You nod not sure why that would matter. Sam grinned quickly pulling your tank top up and off before you could react. He moaned cupping each breast in his rough hands working his thumb back and forth over your nipples. He leaned down kissing you with demanding lips until you pulled away lightly pushing him back.

“This has to be quick if you really want it.” You say pulling down your pants and thong as you shimmy away from his body cage heading to your bathroom. He followed throwing his clothes in random places. Your cat ran passed him the little bell going under the bed where he liked to hide when other men were over. 

“Cute cat.” Sam complimented while you get the shower going pushing the sliding glass door open. Sam pushed you into the cold water making you shriek for a moment. Sam chuckled stepping in just as the water warms up. 

“Do you have time for me to finger you at least?” Sam asked leaning down to kiss your neck. You moan running your fingers through his long wet hair pulling lightly. 

“No just fuck me please.” You demand impatiently squeezing your legs together. Sam turned you around bending you over enough to have your forehead touch the shower wall. He entered you roughly making you whine low in pleasure. Sam quickly pulled out to his rim pushing back inside against your g-spot. Your hands clung to the slippery wall pushing him further inside of