dragging you out of the nest for dinner.”

 

Sam ate his third donut as dessert after polishing off his Chinese takeout.  “There.  Donuts are gone.  No clown bed for me.”

“Good.”  Dean plopped on the other bed.  “Since your finals are easy and you have your cheat sheet done for math, that means you don’t need to study more tonight, right?  You’ve got time to goof off with me?”

“Yeah.  Tomorrow’s gonna be worse, though.”  Sam crawled onto the bed beside Dean.  “Wednesday’s finals are physics and creative writing.”

“Isn’t physics, like, half math?  You’re great at math.”  There wasn’t much Sam wasn’t great at, when it came to school.  But Dean couldn’t say that.  “And you’ve been saying how much you love this creative writing class since you started it.”

“Then we came to this school, and the teacher hates me because I don’t write ‘true fiction’.”  Sam climbed on top of Dean.  “I write monster stories.  If I told her I was fictionalizing my autobiography, I’d be in the counselor’s office.”

“You’ll do fine, Sammy, if she wants fictionalized life stories then hit her with brother drama.  There’s plenty of that between us.  And hey, we’re moving in three days, so she can’t get you in too much trouble if you tell her the truth.”

Sam laughed.  “So I should write the story of how I took advantage of my brother’s broken collarbone to seduce him last summer?”

“She wants fictionalized autobiography…”  Dean pulled Sam’s head down and kissed him.  “Probably better off sticking with how I got the broken collarbone.  Just make it cool.”

 

The next day, Sam was a little harder to get out of bed.  Dean couldn’t blame him.  “You okay, little brother?”

“I will be.  Gonna be hard to concentrate on my tests, though.  Jerk.”  Sam took his donut without complaint, though, when Dean handed him his coffee.

“Wasn’t my idea, as I recall, bitch.  In fact, I seem to remember reminding you that you had to sit through tests today.”  Dean punched Sam’s shoulder.  “Not letting you get away with it tonight, not with physics being tomorrow.”

“Probably a good idea.”  Sam grabbed a second donut and kissed Dean on the cheek as he ran out the door.

 

“Three hour testing period.  Thirty minute test.”  Sam dropped his bag on the floor next to his nest.  “This school is ridiculous.”

“Were the teachers at least reasonable about letting you spend the other two and a half hours studying for tomorrow?”  Dean tossed Sam a bottle of water.

“No.  Well, my English teacher was.  Math teacher wouldn’t let me turn my test in until the first hour was up, and I had to spend another half hour staring at the wall before he’d let me get out my history stuff.  Couldn’t work on physics, too close to math, others might cheat off of it.”  Sam made a face.  “Couldn’t even go to sleep.  ‘You might snore.’”

“When’s history?”

“Day after tomorrow.  That and Latin.”  Sam laughed.  “I’m sure the Latin one’s gonna be a pain in the ass.  Right?”

“Probably.  Okay.  Study.  I’ll get you when it’s time for dinner.”

 

Sam was clearly stressed when Dean brought him out of his nest for burgers and fries.  “Studying not going well?”

“I’m going to fail the physics test.”  Sam shoved about six fries into his mouth.

“Well, you know, you don’t have to have a high school diploma to be a hunter,” Dean said.  Sam gave him a poisonous glare.  “I know.  You wanna go to college.  If you can talk Dad into it, I’d love to see you go.  Never know when some college class will teach you something helpful.”

“Dean…”  Sam gave him the puppy eyes.

Dean sighed.  “I know.  You see a light at the end of this tunnel.  Someday, this isn’t gonna be your life.  And college will help you do something amazing with your new life.  And I hope it works out for you, Sammy.”

“You could come with me, Dean.  I can take you…”

Dean shook his head.  “Sam, you don’t understand.  That light you and Dad see, that normal life apple pie reward… that looks like the fires of Hell to me.  I hope you and Dad make it, but this?  This is my life.  I had normal when I was a kid, and I watched my mom die.  If I can keep some kid from having to go through that?  I’m doing it.  It’s different for you.  You don’t remember