a lighthouse he saw once. The bells hang from the center of the tower, large and imposing, the space beneath them empty for the sound to carry downward to the church. Higher up, above the bells, the stonework is open and unhindered - allowing the sound to carry out of the tower and to the city at large. However, the floor doesn't’ meet the walls in many places and as Dean peers over, he can see there is enough room for a man to ease his way through - probably for structural work or repairs as necessary.

He steps over to Castiel who stands silent with this head tilted downward, peering through one of the gaps. He places a candle on the floor and the light edges out just enough for Dean to see the start of the structures underneath the floor.

"You can see, the struts from the facade are bolted into the tower structure," Castiel says lowly. "If you remove the tower, the facade will have to come down as well."

Dean frowns as he stares down. "Does Zachariah know this?"

Castiel shrugs. "I do not know."

"How did you know?"

Castiel looks around for a moment, his eyes distant and unfocused. "As I said, I have lived my life in this tower."

Dean takes in the surroundings. It’s cold in the tower, drafty and slightly damp. The sun wouldn’t make it into the tower, but the rain might. It would be dark, even during the day. Dean spies a small pallet in the corner with a blanket and a makeshift pillow and it shocks him to realize that’s where Castiel sleeps. There is a small pile of books next to the pillow, a bucket of what looks like water, a plate and a loaf of bread.

"You really live here?" Dean asks, ridiculously because Castiel has just told him as much.

"Yes. The tower is my home."

And Zachariah planned on tearing it down without even mentioning it to you, thinks Dean quickly.

"Of course, when I was an infant, I lived with the sisters, but once I was old enough, Zachariah permitted me to live here," Castiel clarifies.

"How old were you?"

"Seven."

Dean can’t hide the look he knows crosses his face. "Seven? By yourself?"

"I am never truly alone," Castiel answers.

Dean tilts his head in confusion. "How’s that?"

"God is always with me."

"Did God make sure you went to bed on time and didn’t freeze to death?" Dean asks sarcastically, his tone biting, though it’s not Castiel he’s angry with.

Castiel looks forlornly away, eyes downcast. "My… deformity is such that I do not have to worry about the cold. I suppose in some strange way, God has ensured I will not freeze."

Dean feels like an utter asshole and jams his hands into his pockets to keep them from fidgeting. He watches as Castiel’s brow furrows.

"Although, since I am cursed rather than blessed, it’s possible that God had nothing to do with it," Castiel finishes.

Dean wanders aimlessly in the small area, his anger building up in his bones. Organized religion, he shakes his head. He’d gotten a slick, greasy feeling from Zachariah when they’d met but this is really something else.

He makes his way over to the pile of books by the small bed and hunkers down, looking at the titles. He sees Thomas Aquinas next to Thomas Paine, Aristotle stacked on top of Homer, and of course, the bible.

Dean senses Castiel hovering close by, nervous as if afraid Dean will touch the books. It occurs to Dean they are likely the only thing Castiel has.

"Like to read?" Dean asks.

"Yes," Castiel answers carefully. "I am fortunate that parishioners often donate books when they are finished with them."

"Zachariah taught you to read?"

"No. I taught myself."

Dean stands and looks at Castiel. "How?"

Castiel gestures toward the stack. "I have a bible and I followed along during masses."

"Wow," Dean answers with a slight jerk of his head. "That’s… impressive. I guess you’re no slouch in the brains department."

"Zachariah says I appear to have been moderately fortunate that my physical deformity hasn’t yet manifested itself in my intelligence, although it is likely a matter of time."

"Jesus," Dean mutters.

Castiel’s eyes widen. "You should not blaspheme. We are in a house of the Lord."

"Right, sorry," Dean says quickly. He’s not actually sorry for saying it but more for the way it made Castiel react.

He watches Castiel who stands solemnly still. Looking at him straight on, you can’t tell there is anything wrong with him, until he moves slightly and Dean catches a glimpse of the bulges and shapes underneath Castiel’s coat. Dean has a sudden urge to ask what’s wrong with Castiel but somehow manages