he answers the phone.

Jim gives a tiny shake of his head - it's a parishioner calling to ask about the arrangements for Easter - and Dean's shoulders slump a little.

Sam comes barreling into the room just as Jim hangs up, yelling "Is it -?"

"Not yet," Dean interrupts. "Dad'll be back soon, Sammy."

Sam opens his mouth to say something else, and Jim takes pity on Dean. "How's about we pass the time?" Sam is notoriously difficult to distract, but more than a decade as a pastor in a small town has taught Jim a thing or two about the way kids' minds work. "I figure you boys are old enough now to learn to play poker."

Sam's eyes light up. "For money?"

"Have you got money to lose?" Jim teases.

Two hours later Sam's up three games to Dean's two when they hear the growl of an engine outside.

"Dad!" Dean says, and both boys are up and out of their seats, cards forgotten.

Sammy runs ahead, not waiting to see whether Dean's with him.

Jim figures he doesn't need to.

"Huh?" Bill starts, jerked out of a half sleep. The car shudders, engine laboring as they climb the hill, and Bill wishes - not for the first time - for his own sturdy truck. John Winchester doesn't look much better than his car, gray and exhausted. The guy clearly hasn't slept a full night in weeks.

"You and Ellen. You're lucky to have her."

"Yeah." Bill thinks of the argument he had with his wife right before he stepped out of the door. Just because someone needs to do it, doesn't mean it's gotta be you. "Yeah, I am. Still, at least you've got your boys."

"I know. I just - " John breaks off, and Bill can fill in the gaps for himself. I just miss Mary.

In the rear-view mirror, Bill catches sight of Dean producing a playing card from his front pocket with a flourish. "Is that your card?"

"It is!" Sam sounds amazed, looking at his big brother like he just produced a bar of gold instead of a creased and greasy playing card. Dean grins in triumph.

"At least they've got each other," Bill observes under his breath. He doesn't think John hears.

You're two games up, three beers down, and feeling pretty okay with the world. Playing college kids is always easy money, and these two are no exception. The tall, gangly kid seems like it's his first time out, way too many tells and no sense of how to play a hand. The shorter, older one would be better, except that he's too cocky for his own good. Not too cocky for yours, though.

"Another hand?" The shorter one looks enthusiastic, eyes bright with more beers than he probably knows how to handle. "Let's raise the stakes, give us a chance to earn our money back."

"Sure," you shrug, trying not to show your enthusiasm. Today was payday, and it's looking like you could easily double your check.

Except their luck seems to turn in the next few hands, and suddenly the kid's cocky bets are turning round to bite you on the ass. By the time the night finishes they've won back all the money they lost and then some.

"Aces high," says the gangly kid, laying his cards out, and it's not the best hand he could have had, but it's plenty good enough.

The short guy lets out a laugh, claps him on the shoulder. "We'll make a poker player of you yet, Sammy."

They gather up their winnings, grinning and jostling one another, and you're suddenly remembering that your rent check is due this week.

"Thanks for the game." The tall guy holds out his hand.

You've always hated a sore loser. "Thanks." You shake his hand.

The other guy peels off a stack of notes from the pile in his hand. "Buy yourself a drink on us." The amount he slaps down on the table will buy a lot more than a drink, even if you are ending the night considerably poorer than you started it.

"Thanks," you say again, and it's more than just a courtesy this time.

The two guys grin and saunter out of the bar, shoulders pressed up close together, and you're suddenly not the slightest bit confused as to how they managed to play you. You'd be willing to bet everything you have left that they know every one of each other's tells.

The boys show up in the middle of the night, looking like they've been riding the raggedy edge for weeks. There's a long scratch along Sam's forearm, and a bruise fading on