wants to cringe backward from the shock. Dean’s body feels like a block of cement. Bitingly frozen and damp. Sam gets his other arm underneath Dean and tucks Dean’s head under the blanket so that the air he’ll breathe will be warm. He tips his own head down and exhales warm air on the back of his brother’s neck. He feels the other cheap hotel comforter drape over him and then Castiel is efficiently tucking the blanket under him and Dean.

The silence in the room is only punctuated by the occasional rustle of fabric as Sam shifts. He can feel Dean breathing underneath the pressure of his embrace. This is the worst part. The waiting. He can’t make Dean get warm any faster. He can’t just snap his fingers and have it be over.

“What can I do to help?”

Sam looks over at Castiel. The angel is standing at the foot of the bed, hands at his side, eyes worried, staring at the lump of blanket that is Dean.

Sam thinks for a moment. “When he gets warmer, we might put him in the shower. You can make sure we have lots of towels.”

“I can do that.” Castiel affirms. He wisps away in a blink and is back minutes later with large, fluffy, dark blue towels. Sam watches as Castiel sets them down perfunctorily on the edge of the bed.  Sam eyes them. They sure as hell aren’t motel towels. Those towels are… well… decadent.  And if Castiel can get those…

“Do you know what a hot water bottle is?” he asks. Castiel tilts his head to one side like he’s recalling the information. He blinks once and then nods.

“Of course.”

“Do you think you can get a couple? With hot water already inside?”

Again another pause. “Yes.” And he’s gone again only to return in five minutes carrying four plump hot water bottles.  Sam stretches one long arm out from under the covers and Castiel hands him the first one. Sam reaches gingerly around Dean and snuggles the rubber up to Dean’s chest. Dean’s breath hitches slightly, he gives a sigh and then he shivers, making the blankets tremble.

“That’s good, is it not?”

He grabs another of the bottles from Castiel and slides it in after the first.

“Yeah. Shivering is good. It means his body is trying to warm up.”

The third and fourth hot water bottles go on top of Dean’s thighs. Sam feels his brother tuck his head in farther as Dean pulls himself into a tight curl and shivers again.

“When he wasn’t shivering, it’s like his body wasn’t even trying,” Sam explains, his voice taking on the tone of a college instructor. It’s strangely calming to explain it to Castiel, as if Sam’s feelings (need Dean, can’t lose Dean, save Dean, DeanDeanDean) get pushed further and further way. His brain distancing itself from the destructible force of his emotions.

“Sam?”

Dean’s voice is raspy and hesitant. Muffled underneath the blankets.

Sam turns his head to speak softly in Dean’s ear. “Yeah, Dean, I’m here. You’re okay.”

“Where?”

“We’re at the hotel now. You’re okay.”

“kay… s’cold.”

Dean’s body gives another violent shiver and his muscles contract, his limbs folding in on themselves.

“I know. We’re gonna get you warm.”

Sam hears Castiel shift from foot to foot. “Is there something else I should do now?”

Sam shakes his head. “This is it. We just wait for him to warm up now.”

Castiel watches him with hawk-like precision. “I would like to stay.”

“Okay.”

He’s surprised when Castiel simply sits down on the side of the bed, hands shoved into his pockets, trench coat flaps hanging loose. “Has this happened to one of you before?”

“Yeah, when we were younger, still with our dad. We were hunting a will o’ the wisp in the woods. I had to stay with dad ‘cause I was still young, like eleven? But dad said Dean was big enough to go around and flank it. Dean got knocked unconscious and we couldn’t find him. When we did, he’d been out all night. It was a cold night.”

“Your father knew what to do,” Castiel states.

“Yeah, and he was always drilling stuff into us, so he made us learn too.”

“What is that sound?” asks Castiel.

“His teeth. Chattering. It’s normal.”

Dean‘s actively shivering now as his temperature comes up. Castiel and Sam sit in silence. Sam still breathing warm air onto Dean’s neck; Castiel watching the two of them. The constant shivering goes on for twenty minutes before starting to subside to near constant, and then regular, and then sporadic.