and gasped in shock as Castiel’s wings rippled out behind him.  They were beautiful – a soft, gleaming black, streaked with purple and green swirls like the northern lights Sam had seen once on a hunt in Alaska.  “I can’t help falling in love with you, Sam.  That won’t change just because Dean comes home.”

“Good.”  Then Sam’s brain caught up.  “Wait, what?  You’re falling in love with me?”

“No.  I already fell in love with you.  A long time ago.  But now I think I may not be the only one.”

“You’re not.”

“Good.”  Cas stepped closer, reaching out to hug Sam.


6. Love is the answer at least for most of the questions in my heart / "Why are we here?" and "Where do we go?" / And "How come we're so hard?" / It's not always easy and sometimes life can be deceiving / I'll tell you one thing it's always better when we're together


Cas didn’t go on the hunt with Sam, busy with the angel drama, and Sam was so busy with the hunt and with Dean drama that he didn’t really miss Cas except at night.  He and Dean were sharing a motel room, it was cheaper that way, but sleeping in his bed alone didn’t really feel right anymore.  Of course, he couldn’t tell Dean.

The hunt went well, and Dean accepted Sam’s invitation to come home – although Sam did clarify that he didn’t mean they were brothers again.  They would hunt together, the bunker was big enough for them both, but they weren’t going to be what they were.  He knew Dean would never admit what he did was wrong, but he still held out hope that Dean would at least acknowledge why Sam thought it was.

He hadn’t thought ahead to telling Dean about him and Castiel, though.  He had no idea how to broach the subject, and he wasn’t entirely sure he wanted to.  It’s not that he was worried about Dean being homophobic or a jerk to them or anything.  Honestly, even if he and Dean were what they had been before the demon blood and Ruby and Amy and Benny and Gadreel, Sam didn’t really care what Dean thought of his relationships.

He didn’t have much time to plan a strategy, either.  Dean got to the Bunker first, parking the Impala where she belonged.  Sam parked the car he’d been using, and went into the Bunker.  Cas was there, in the library, and came to greet him with a hug.  “I take it things went well.”

“Yeah, we got the bad guy and saved a bunch of people.  How are things going with the angels?”

“Not well.  My brothers and sisters are a bunch of stubborn people.  I’ve found a group who’s willing to work with me, though.  Led by one named Hannah who I remember as one of my strongest supporters during the civil war I led.  She’s putting together an alliance to fight against our true enemy: Metatron.”

“Good to hear.  How are you feeling?  Grace holding up okay?”

“I’m exhausted.  Looking forward to getting some rest.  Maybe even sleep.  But I’m fine.”

Sam chuckled.  “No you’re not.  But sleep sounds really good right now.  Did you take any time out while I was gone?”

“No.  I tried, but I spent the whole time missing you instead of getting any benefit from it, so I gave up after only a couple of hours.  It’s better when we’re together.”

“Yeah.”  Sam reached out and took Cas’s face between his hands.  “I missed you so much when I was trying to get to sleep.”

Dean looked between the two.  “You two are sleeping together?”

“Only in the literal sense,” Sam said.  “For now, anyway.”  He didn’t miss the way Cas’s eyes lit up and was glad he’d added the last part.


7. Dreams fight with machines / inside my dreams like adversaries / Come wrestle me free / clean from the war / Your heart fits like a key / into the lock on the wall


The war was taking a toll on Castiel.  He’d been exhausted enough to sleep.  Even human, he’d never learned to like sleeping, the dreams terrifying him long after he’d adjusted to having to eat and urinate.  As an angel, he wasn’t supposed to be dealing with dreams, but here he was.

In his dream, the angels turned against him.  They didn’t go after him, though.  They went after Sam and Dean.  They took away the brightest spot in Cas’s life, the reason he kept holding on, kept fighting.  It was so believable, too.  Reminding Sam and Dean of everything Castiel had ever done to them