. He reached under your shirt again lightly touching your ribs. 

“Stop Castiel, please! I’m- I.” You scream in wild panic thrashing about your face still smashed against the wall by Castiel almost crushing your neck. 

“You're what?” Cass asked still playing with your ribs right under your breast. You thought maybe he was just joking with you until he brushed a single finger along your underboob. A spark of pleasure running through you causing more panic to drive you crazy. 

“I’m only 15! Castiel I’m a virgin! Please, please stop!” You beg his finger moving back and forth on your breast.

“You know back in my day. A woman was married at 12 and already have their first child by 15. Which makes you a little late doesn’t it?” Cass mocked your virtue openly grabbing at your boobs greedily. 

“Please Cass stop.” You scream louder his finger pulling and twisting your nipples harshly in and out. 

“If your gonna scream my name scream the right one baby. I’m Lucifer. Castiel’s older brother. Perhaps you have heard of me.” Lucifer laughed in your ear his hand going down your body. You grabbed his hand trying with all of your strength to keep him from your folds. He pulled your head from the wall smashing it again. You grunted blood running from your lip as he smashes you a third time. You buckled falling into him your head spinning as you felt the movement of your body unsure which way you were going. You were dropped with a groan then you felt hands on you again. You tried to fight again weakly raising your arms in defense. 

“Your defiance is cute. All the blood coming from your mouth is kind of a turn on ____.” Castiel laughed pushing your hands aside easily pulling your shirt from your body leaving your bra as he worked on your pants. You grabbed the waistband with all your strength pulling them up your body. Cass, no this was Lucifer hurting you right now using your friend's body to do it. 

“You a vial man.” You whimper feeling his hands on your bare skin feeling every inch of you before trying to yank your pants from your hands again. He pulled them so hard your fingers hurt from trying to keep them up. Leaving you in just your mismatched bra and panties. 

“You know Castiel has thought about you naked.” Lucifer taught spreading your legs wide with his hands rubbing Castiel’s scruffy face along the inside of your legs. You gasp in weird pleasure your clit throbbing with need as Castiel moved lower between your legs. 

“He has thought about what you might taste like.” Lucifer whispered through your mind his hot mouth blowing cool flames on your open sex through your wet panties. 

“Castiel wouldn’t hurt me like you do.” You cry out trying to close your legs weakly. He rubbed his nose against your panties up and down collecting your juices on the material. 

“Would you like me to make you want this? I am the Devil after all I can make you come so hard you can’t remember your life before me.” Lucifer chuckled kissing your clit through the fabric teasing you to the point of insanity. 

“Just let me go home.” You cry out pleasure rising in your body the longer Castiel/Lucifer stays between your legs. 

“That isn’t happening until I am done playing with you _____.” Lucifer growled in a shift movement he bites down on your panties ripping the crotch out with his teeth. You squeaked as he spread your legs further looking at your hole nice and open for him as he dipped his long tongue into your clean walls. You trembled in pleasure his nose rubbing your clit as his tongue fills your walls just right, then he moved down a bit placing his thumb on your clit. He fucked you with his tongue faster his thumb swirling in small circles had you arching your back in need quickly.

‘Doesn’t she taste amazing Castiel’ Lucifer moaned fucking you harder into the floor making sure you never have a minute of rest from his assault.  

‘She doesn’t know you are using your grace to make her want this more’ Cass growled watching you buck and moan underneath him from a pro-eating your young cunt out. He wouldn’t be able to make you move like that with just his hand and mouth like Lucifer could.

‘Don’t you forget it baby brother’ Lucifer laughed rubbing your clit hard enough to send gushing clean pussy juice all over Castiel’s tongue and open mouth. Lucifer sucked it all up making sure you hole was nice and wet for the next part. 

“What the fuck.” You whisper about to pass out from pleasure taking over your whole body. Castiel stood over you with a smirk looking down at your satisfied smile and wet pussy then he snapped. 

You were now dangling in the air with your thighs spread wide open in front of naked Castiel. You grabbed on to the straps near your head in panic. You looked up seeing you were attached to a swing like a thing that clipped around your rib and