see Marianne."

Dean threw him a disbelieving glance. "That's a great idea, Sam, only she threw our creepy asses out last night, remember? We really don't need her to add 'calling the cops' on, too."

Sam fidgeted, sprawling wider on the Impala's passenger seat. "I just feel like... we shouldn't have left her alone in that house."

"You said there was nothing."

"I said there was no blood," Sam corrected. "We didn't exactly get to do a thorough investigation."

"So, what, you wanna go back and say, 'Hi, our car coincidentally broke down in exactly the same spot'? Sam, I don't think--"

"Dean." Sam tilted his head, expression earnest.

Dean glanced at him and then back at the road. "Oh, no you don't. Don't give me that look, Sammy, 'cause it's not gonna work. Your puppy-dog eyes are powerless here."

"Dean." Softer this time, gentler.

"Stop giving me that look! I'm serious, Sam--" Dean let out an explosive breath and then jerked the wheel, turning them down a side-street. "Fine. Just... quit that. You're totally creeping me out."

Sam's grin came out brighter than the early morning sun.

 

***

 

"Five-oh," said Dean, voice tight as they took in the swarm of police vehicles, their lights flashing off the house, the gravel, the trees.

"We're too late," Sam said, swallowing hard. "I knew we shouldn't have left her in that house alone."

"What could we have done?" Dean snapped. "She didn't want us there, Sam--"

"We left her in that house to die," Sam said, hollowly.

Dean breathed out heavily and pushed a hand through his hair. His eyes stayed focused on the squad cars.

"We messed up, little brother," he admitted at last.

"Big time," said Sam.

 

***

 

The house was cordoned off with bright yellow police tape when they drove back that night. It flapped in the breeze fitfully, snapping with each puff of soft spring air.

"I don't see anyone," Dean said, craning his neck as they rumbled slowly past the place. "No cops, nothing."

"Not much point in guarding an empty house," Sam murmured.

Dean shot his brother a steady look. "We going in?"

Sam sighed. "I don't like this. We don't know what's in there, Dean."

Dean shrugged, spreading his hands flat on the steering wheel. "So we can go back to the motel, do a little more research. Up to you, Sam."

Sam eyed the house through the windshield, obviously debating. Finally he let out a heavy breath. "Let's go. If we don't go in tonight, it might move on. I'd hate to think we missed our chance to kill... whatever it is."

Dean slapped him on the knee, hard. "That's m'boy, Sammy. Ready to kick ass and take names?"

Sam rubbed his knee through the jeans and gave him a sour look. "Y'know, sometimes your enthusiasm is kind of creepy, Dean."

Dean was already pulling them off to the side of the road, parking the Impala as close to the trees as they dared without actually taking it into the ditch. "Don't be such a spoilsport. We're here to kill whatever evil sonofabitch is in that house before it decides to make a pizza run into town, and I don't mean the sausage-and-pepperoni kind of pizza run."

"More like the liver-and-rectum kind of pizza run?"

Dean shuddered hard and shouldered open his door. "Sam, do me a favor. Never say 'rectum' again, okay?"

They made their way to the back of the car and popped open the trunk.

"What're we taking?" Sam asked, surveying the haphazard jumble of weaponry and supplies the trunk-light revealed.

Dean pursed his lips in thought. "Dunno, but if we're goin' in blind, I say we go in armed for bear." He pulled out a shotgun, its muzzle sawed off short.

Sam grabbed another sawed-off and an extra box of ammo. "Rectum-eating bear?"

"Sam, seriously, if you say 'rectum' one more time--"

Sam grinned.

Dean shook his head. "Bitch."

"Jerk."

"Whatever. C'mon, let's get in there before somebody drives by and spots us."

They made their way up to the house by the wan light of the moon. Scudding clouds ghosted by overhead, high and thin, and the air smelled cool like rain.

"Back way," Dean murmured, low. They approached with caution, guns pointed at the ground, flashlights