.  I’m from several years in your future.  In my time, Sam Winchester is dying from a metaphorical unmended wound to his heart that became literal, and I should have realized that would be you.  You were supposed to die here, tonight, setting into motion a chain of events that would lead to the end of times.”

Jess shook her head.  “There is no way that I’m that important.”

“You are not.  Sam, however.  He is.  Your death was deemed necessary to force him back to the road he abandoned to go to college.  He loves you, and he wanted revenge.  By the time he got it, he’d lost so much more along the way that the wound from this night never healed.”  Castiel held out a hand to Jess.  “I suppose what I’m asking is more along the lines of ‘Come with me if you want Sam to live.’”

Jess looked at Brady on the ground.  “What happens when Sam comes back and finds me gone?  Can you get me back here in time?”

“I don’t know.  By saving you, I’ve changed the timeline; it may try to reassert itself.  You might not want to come back.  Azazel will just keep sending demons, and I can’t guarantee they’ll never succeed.  If you stay in my time, with me and Sam and Dean, things will be better.  Azazel is dead, so you should be safe.”

“But hasn’t Sam moved on?  I don’t want to open…”  Jess trailed off.  If what Castiel said was true – and it was so out there that she couldn’t imagine he’d say it if it weren’t – then she didn’t need to worry about reopening that wound because it had never closed.  “Take me to him.”

“Sam has moved on to some extent, and you may not approve.”

Jess shrugged.  “No one ever said I had to approve of his girlfriend.  Wife?”

“Boyfriends.”

That threw Jess for a moment.  How had she not known that about him?  Sam had to know she wouldn’t mind, given her activism with the school’s LGBT organizations, and she’d never questioned his faithfulness.  That wouldn’t change just because he liked men too.  “So?  Why wouldn’t I approve of that?  You don’t seem to give a crap.”

Castiel smiled softly at that.  “No, I certainly have no objection, considering I’m one of them.”

“That’s allowed?”  This one, Jess did remember from Sunday school.  The Nephilim had once been a problem, but the Flood was supposed to destroy them.

“For a certain definition of allowed.”  Castiel shrugged.  “When you no longer care what Heaven thinks because you’ve met God and realized that he doesn’t give a shit, you can ignore rules that have no purpose.”

“And that’s why I’m supposed to disapprove?”

“No, I find it likely you’ll disapprove of the other one.”

“Sam’s…”  Huh.  Another thing she hadn’t known about Sam.  And wished she had; she’d chosen him over Brady, but between Sam liking men and being willing to be in a poly relationship, maybe she hadn’t needed to.  “Why not?”

“Because it’s Dean.”

“Dean?”  Jess didn’t… yes, she did know a Dean.  “His brother Dean?”

“Yes, that Dean.  I know it’s likely difficult to understand, but there are forces beyond human pulling them together.  Their love for each other has saved the world, and I mean that literally.  Dean’s love for Sam put him where he needed to be to reach Sam, and Sam’s love for Dean let him overpower the devil himself to stop the end of times.”

“Well then.”  Jess considered, and decided that she could deal with this later.  Much later.  “Take me to Sam, let’s heal him up, and then we can figure out where to go from there.”

It got weirder.  Jess had to kiss Sam to wake him up.  Castiel and Dean gave her privacy for it, figuring Sam would want to see her alone, and they reassured her that neither of them minded a bit.  It was still weird.

It got weirder.  It didn’t work.  The first kiss on the forehead, well, Jess had figured that wouldn’t count.  The kiss on the lips should have.  The third kiss, with full tongue action?  Yeah, something was wrong here.  “Castiel?  This isn’t working.”

Castiel came in and examined Sam.  He frowned and went to check a very heavy and old-looking tome on the desk.  “It should.  We’ve done everything right, and I know this spell has worked in the past.”

Dean came and sat by Sam, brushing a hand over his hair.  “What do we do now,