; Sam had been gone long enough to forget that important fact – but hearing that his boy was hurt had made something in John’s belly twist, pulling him here before he even knew where he was going.

He needed to talk to her, to touch her – just for a little while.

John pulled the cord on the dangling overhead lamp, a small pool of light brightening a patch of the darkness surrounding him. He knelt, reaching far behind the stacks of curse boxes and fetish traps he’d heaped on the shelves, his large hand folding around the small, rowan box carved with runes and protective sigils – carvings meant to keep something in, confined, unable to leave without permission.

Settling himself in that small puddle of brightness, John set the box before him, reaching to draw a large circle around his body in the thick dust coating the floor, sketching bits of words and phrases, runes of containment.

He sometimes wondered why he never painted the lines firm and unbreakable, why he laid so much trust in the dust that a simple movement could accidentally obscure, losing everything with a badly timed sneeze or fidget. Hidden somewhere deep inside - where his conscience fought a losing battle with his desires - John knew why, but his weakness was still strong, never allowing him to reach out to erase them until it was over.

He belonged in Hell for this; he knew that much. But there were some things a man was willing to lose his soul for.

This was his.

With a shaky breath, John reached out and ran his fingers over the iron bands that bound the box, cutting sleek lines through the ash blonde wood. Carefully, he unlocked it, the slight sticking of the key indicating how long it had been since he’d last opened it.

What looked like a small pile of dirty sticks and stones lay spread over the blood-red velvet lining of the container. With a soft groan, John reached in, caressing each fragment with a palpable reverence – a pilgrim at the altar of his Holy Grail. His forefinger brushed repeatedly over a melted lump of metal stuck to one piece, feeling the slickness of the gold give way to the dry brittleness of the bone beneath.

They said she’d burned to nothing, that there wasn’t anything left to find. They were wrong. It took weeks to find this tiny pile of debris, but John found everything he could, sifting patiently through the ashes with nothing more than some of Dean’s old beach toys that hadn’t melted in the fire.

Let me out.The voice was faint, could hardly even be called a voice, more like a fading memory that brushed through his brain. But it was insistent, an itch that refused to go away.

“I’ve missed you, Mary,” John murmured softly under his breath, dragging his hand over the bones and letting them fall through his fingers like bits of rock and sand.

Let me out.“The boys are doing fine. Dean was hurt, but he’s gonna be okay. You know how tough he is.” John chuckled, lost in his reminiscing. “Remember when he fell down the front step and we both panicked, thinking he’d broken something for sure? All he did was get up and brush off his knees and run off to play in the yard….”

Let me out.“Sam’s back. Did I tell you? It’s been so long since we last talked. He’s with Dean. They’re both doing fine. A good hunter…and smart, Mary. God, he’s so smart. Still a pain in my ass, but he got your brains, thank God.”

Let me out.“I wanted you to know, I think I’m getting close. The…thing, the demon who took you away from me, I’ve got a lead. A good lead, this time.”

Let me out.John sighed, his eyes sliding closed as the reverberating echo kept pushing at his brain. “I promised to keep you safe. Don’t you remember? It was in my vows. You giggled when you heard how badly I fucked them up.” John laughed ruefully, shaking his head at the memory. “It was nerves – you were just so beautiful that when I looked at you, everything the minister said fell right out of my head - but I meant every word. ‘To love, honor, and protect and not even death can keep us apart’.”

Let me out.John gently lifted the scrap of phalanx, thumb still sweeping repeatedly over where the metal met the bone. “I can keep you safe here, where nothing bad can ever touch you again.”

John leaned in, lips brushing bone as he whispered his pledge against the melted wedding band. “I love you, Mary. You will always be mine.”

The voice fell silent as he settled the scrap of bone back in the box amidst the others, mute without his touch - no memory to drink from, no life from which to bleed its power. John snapped the