to things and probably have your own things to do anyway.”

Cas relaxed at that.  “What do you teach?”

“History and mythology.  Occasionally I teach a writing class, when they need one.  This summer my two classes are early American history and Greek and Roman mythology.”

“I wish Anna could have met you.  She’d have loved to talk to an actual expert in history.  Not that she could have sent any reports home, but I know she would have enjoyed learning all she could while she was here.”

“Well, I’m only an expert in one small part.  Anna probably could have taught me a lot – and talk about a foreign perspective!  I have a hard time getting my students to, for example, consider the American Revolution from the British or French perspectives.  Hearing the perspective of a complete alien about us… that would be fascinating.  I know Anna was the expert, but you did some work with her, didn’t you?”

“Everyone on the mission had to learn enough about human cultures to not be too conspicuous in an emergency.  I mostly worked with Rachel, but yes, I did work with Anna sometimes too.”

“Did you know any of them before the mission?”

“Anna was actually my human culture teacher when I signed up to come to Earth.  Rachel and I were born two days apart, so we grew up together.  We lost contact when I left for pilot training, but were very glad to see each other when Gabriel put the crew together.”

“Were you…”

“Not with Rachel.  We were close friends, but never thought about mating.  I was actually talking to Balthazar about mating when we got back.  We hadn’t progressed very far but it seemed promising.”

“Waiting for a DNA check?”

“No.  We didn’t need one.”

“Why not?”

“Because we were both male.  Remember that our incest taboo is practically nonexistent, as long as your genetic makeup is dissimilar enough to avoid problematic inbreeding.  If breeding is impossible, no sense worrying about the DNA.”

“Oh yeah.  That makes sense.  I’m sorry for your loss.  What was he like?”

Castiel smiled and leaned forward.  “The Balthazar I knew was a very loyal, dedicated, and hardworking person.  There was little he wouldn’t do for any member of our crew, and he took his job very seriously.  When Rachel noticed that I was getting interested, she was concerned, and when she heard that we’d begun talking about marriage, she warned me that he was very different on our world, in the downtime between jobs.  She feared I wouldn’t like who he was then.  I was willing to take that risk, but Balthazar agreed that Rachel’s concern was legitimate and wanted to wait.”

“Do you regret agreeing to wait?”

“No, I think I’ve lost more than enough without adding a husband to the list.”

Sam laughed.  “That is a remarkably healthy perspective.  Good for you.”

 

Sam’s patience and kindness helped Castiel deal with the loneliness, but so did Dean’s easy acceptance and earnest friendship.  Dean loved having Cas around, because he had someone willing to go to the bar with him.  Alcohol had little effect on Cas, which made Dean feel free to get as drunk as he wanted because Cas could drive him home if he didn’t leave with a girl.

Girls scared Cas.  He hadn’t ever really thought about humans in a sexual sense before the crash.  After all, contact was forbidden.  Imagining having conversations, even practicing with Anna, was one thing.  Physical contact beyond the friendly contact Dean was fond of or guiding hands in teaching Castiel to do something was another thing altogether.  Faint though they were, his surgical scars would still be difficult to explain.

Even though Dean had seen some of the scars, he didn’t think it was that big a deal.  He didn’t get Cas’s reticence.  He didn’t push anything and he bailed Cas out when a girl was hitting on him and not taking no for an answer, but he figured that one day, Cas would want to get laid and frequently offered advice or help.  Cas wasn’t so sure he’d ever want to get laid.  He’d only taken that step once, before he was altered to appear human, and even that was educational rather than romantic.  Besides, Castiel was too honest with himself at least to deny the fact that he’d developed a strong attraction to Sam.

Tonight, for once, Sam had come out to the bar with them instead of hanging back to write or catch up with students.  When the girls started looking their way, Sam slung an arm over Cas’s chair, fingers barely brushing his back.  Cas tilted his head in confusion.

“Play along.  If they think you’re with me, they’ll leave us both alone.  So unless you’ve changed your mind and you’d like to meet someone…”

“No.  I’m trying to