door and on his way across the salvage yard before Bobby had a chance to respond, making his way toward the small garage where he knew his brother would have probably been all day. That, at least, was typical Dean; wherever the Impala went, he was sure to be too. It didn't take Sam long to reach the garage, and he shook his head and smiled when he saw the Impala, cleaned up and looking probably better than it had when it was made.

"Dean? I brought you lunch," he called out, figuring his brother was still under the car or doing something on the other side of it that he couldn't see. A few seconds passed with no response, so he tried again. "Dean? You there?"

A small groan answered his call this time, and Sam immediately set down the plate of food on a nearby shelf, stepping around toward the other side of the car with his heart in his throat. Something was wrong with his brother, he could feel it. Was the demon reneging on her deal and taking him early?

He came around the corner of the trunk and spotted Dean immediately, sitting in the far corner of the wall near the hood and curled almost into a fetal position with his head in his hands. When Sam knelt beside him, he could see that his eyes were clenched shut, and hear the shaky way he was breathing – almost whimpering – every few seconds.

"Dean?" he asked, lowering his voice when his brother flinched at the sound. "What's wrong, man? Talk to me."

"Head… m' head's killin' me…" He blinked up at Sam for a brief moment, then hissed and clamped his eyes shut again. "Agh, dammit…"

"Your head hurts? Did you hit it on something?"

"No, it just…" Dean swallowed and groaned. "Just hurts. Bad. Even the light hurts."

"For how long?"

"Dunno. Had a headache all morning, but… nothing like this. It came out of absolutely frickin' nowhere…" He whimpered again at the sound of his own voice, rubbing at his temples and then flinching when it only caused more pain.

Sam sighed, pretty sure he knew what this was now and not too happy to know how much it was going to suck for Dean.

"Okay, I think I know how to deal with this, but we've gotta get you to the house first. Do you think you can make it back there?"

Dean nodded, letting Sam help him up when he realized his legs were about as steady as gelatin. The younger Winchester threw his brother's arm around his shoulders, holding most of his weight when it became clear that Dean was in no way capable of doing so himself. They had just made it out of the garage and started toward the house when Dean made the mistake of opening his eyes to say something to Sam. He immediately gasped and clenched them shut, letting go of Sam's shoulder so he could drop to his knees and retch into the dirt. That only seemed to make it worse, though, because Dean whined in distress after each heave, unable to catch his breath or stop the dry-retching now that he was in so much pain.

"Dammit," Sam cursed under his breath, knowing how hard it would be for his brother to calm himself down with the light and vomiting putting so much more strain on his pounding head – Sam had been there, and he knew how terrible it was. Thinking fast, he pulled off his over-shirt and folded it into one long, wide strip, tying the fabric around Dean's eyes like a blindfold to darken his vision as much as possible. After that, there was nothing to do but keep a steady, comforting hand on Dean's back, waiting until the heaves had tapered off and he was able to take Sam's hand and stand up again.

The remainder of the walk to the house went much better, since even if Dean forgot to keep his eyes closed he couldn't see anything, and before long Sam was guiding him up the old wooden stairs and into Bobby's kitchen, where the old hunter intercepted them before they could make it any farther.

"Dean? Where the hell have you been all day?" he asked irritably. "Sam's been trying to find –"

"Shh!" Sam hissed when Dean moaned again, holding his hands over his ears and curling into himself in pain.

"What's wrong, boy? You hurt yourself out there?" Bobby whispered, now obviously concerned by the state of the usually loud and exuberant Winchester.

"Migraine, I think," Sam answered quietly, pushing Dean forward into the living room and toward the couch with Bobby close behind them. "I had a few while I was at Stanford and from what my friends told me, they used to look a lot like this."

He helped Dean lie down on the couch, the old shirt still wrapped around his eyes. When he stood up to go