it into the walls of the Bunker.”

“Okay… yay, we’re not going to get hay fever?”  Sam looked at Mary and Cas, who seemed equally confused.

“Neither of us has had hay fever in our lives, Sammy.”  Dean rolled his eyes.  “What I’m saying is, if we’re actually doing this and settling down, then I want to make up for some childhood experiences you never got to have.  Like having a pet.  Thanks to the allergen spell, cats are fine.  We’re not getting a Yorkie or a dog that’s too big and black.”

“Why not a big black dog?” Mary asked.

Sam shook his head.  “Has Dean told you about the time he was ripped apart by hellhounds?”

“…Oh.  No, I hadn’t heard that particular story yet.”  Mary reached out and took Dean’s hands.  “Objection withdrawn.  No big black dogs.  Maybe a nice beagle or something?  Golden retriever?”

“Yeah.  Those would probably be okay.”  Dean looked over at Sam and Cas.  “What do you guys think?  Get someone around here who hasn’t died and been brought back to life?”

Sam grinned.  He’d always wanted a dog, but first their lifestyle and then Dean’s hellhound issues meant he never thought it would be possible.  “PetSmart has shelter dogs on Saturdays.  We could go look tomorrow, see if we can find a good one?”

“They also have cats,” Castiel said.  “If Dean’s allergies aren’t a factor, I would prefer a cat.”

“You would.”  Sam reached for Castiel’s hand.  “We’ll look at the cats, too.  Settle it by what we can find.”

 

At the pet store, Dean and Cas went inside to look at cats, while Sam and Mary started walking around the dog crates.  “I’d have thought Dean would stay out here to make sure he’d be okay with what we picked,” Mary said.  “What’s with the Yorkies?  That’s about as far from hellhound as you can get, I would think.”

Sam laughed as he crouched to pet a bouncing yellow mutt.  “One chased him for a couple miles one time – he was experiencing ghost sickness – and he told me once he shot at a Yorkie thinking it was some kind of monster.  I think he just doesn’t like them because they keep humiliating him.”

“Oh my god.  Ghost sickness.  That’s awful!”  Mary was laughing though.  “You know they’re going to come out and demand you come meet a cat, right?”

“Yep.  And then I’m going to introduce them both to…” Sam glanced at the tag on the cage.  “To Molly here, and Cas and I are going to get in a huge fight.  But Molly and I are going to win, aren’t we, girl?”  Molly yipped and tried to lick Sam’s face through the crate.

Mary looked at the tag, too.  She smiled and knelt to hold out a hand to Molly.  “You sure you don’t want to look around some more?”

“I’m sure.  I don’t fall in love often, but when I do, I fall fast and hard.  We’re not leaving without Molly.”

“We have a problem,” Dean said from behind them, causing both Sam and Mary to jump.

Sam sighed and got to his feet.  “Cas found a cat that he’s in love with, too?”

“No.  This is ten times worse than that.”  Dean looked down at Molly and held out a hand.  Molly sniffed it and started bouncing again.  “Cas found… oh, just come inside and see for yourself.”

Sam looked back to Molly.  “I’m coming back, I promise.”  He and Mary followed Dean into the store.

Dean led them, not to the cats, but to the small mammals section.  Cas was crouched with his fingers against one of the terrariums.  “Sam, look.  The black and yellow one there that’s looking at me.  I know he’s not a dog or a cat, but…”

Sam’s first instinct was to laugh, remembering Cas’s disappointment that they didn’t actually have a guinea pig.  But the guinea pig was looking at Cas, following his fingers as Cas moved them.  How could he tell Cas no?  He looked to Dean, and then to where Mary had been standing just a few seconds ago.

Dean looked a little sheepish.  “Anyway, uh… I found a cat.  Walked into the cat room and there was this sweetheart just looking at me.  When I got close, she stuck a paw through the cage and just patted my arm.”

“Why’d you go into the cat room to begin with?”

“I did the spell on myself, Sammy.  If we’re putting a cat in the Impala, then I was gonna need protection no matter what for