s a rather odd comparison, I agree, but it works.”  Castiel worked quietly for a bit, and the feeling of Cas’s fingers in his hair relaxed Sam a lot.  “Are you okay, Sam?”

“Yeah, I’m great.  You’re really good at this.”  Sam leaned back against the bed, careful to keep his head tilted enough forward that Cas could keep working.

“What about the other injuries?  I didn’t notice anything serious, but they do seem rather extensive.”

“Oh.”  Sam stretched his limbs, making sure to keep his head as steady as possible.  “Well, sleeping tonight’s not gonna be fun, but I’m okay.  For falling down a mountain, this isn’t bad at all.”

Cas’s fingers stilled in Sam’s hair.  “How did you come to fall down a mountain?”

“Well, I didn’t fall, exactly,” Sam admitted with a chuckle.  “More like got thrown down by a pissed-off skinchanger and rolled for a few hundred yards.  It was really steep and it had rained recently, so I couldn’t get hold of anything to stop myself until I went off the cliff.”

“Fell off…” Castiel’s fingers tightened in Sam’s hair.  He released them right away.  “I apologize.  I assume the cliff wasn’t very high?”

“Nah, barely taller than me, maybe seven feet or so.  And I landed in a juniper bush, so that kept me from breaking anything aside from branches.”  Sam scratched at a scrape on his arm.  “Didn’t help with the hair at all, though.”

“That explains this.”  Castiel held out a twig for Sam’s inspection.  “I don’t know whether to check you for curses or declare you the luckiest human alive.”

“I wonder that myself sometimes.  I mean, I know I’m cursed, Azazel and all.  But to be alive, after everything I’ve been through…”  Sam shook his head.  “Well, I know I’ve got a literal angel looking out for me, but even that had some huge luck involved.”

Castiel put a hand on top of Sam’s head to hold it still.  Somehow, that made whatever he was doing to Sam’s hair feel even better.  “How so?”

“You rescued Dean.  How many other angels would have decided to tolerate me, let alone look out for me like you have?  Can you honestly tell me that I’m not lucky that my brother’s guardian angel would care enough about me to storm Lucifer’s Cage?”

“If you were truly lucky, he’d have gotten an angel who could do it right.  Or one who wouldn’t have gotten so far off the reservation that he thought it acceptable to risk your life to take you and Dean out of the fight.”

Sam laughed.  “Maybe.  But just the fact that you tried… and then you came back to the reservation and fixed my head.  Can’t ask for too much.”

“Sam, you deserve it,” Castiel said, smoothing some hair forward.

Sam reached up to touch the hair, and was pleased to find that Cas was, in fact, making progress.  “You’ll never get me to agree, you know.  Tell me about angel wings instead.  Or something amazing you’ve seen or done.”

“Like what?”

“I don’t know!  You’ve been around a while, you have to have seem something amazing.  What did angels do before there were humans?  Did you get to watch the Earth and sun and moon form?  Were dinosaurs as cool as they look in the movies?”  Sam cut himself off there, because he knew he’d start babbling some really stupid questions if he kept going.

Castiel chuckled softly.  “The first time I took a host on Earth, it was a triceratops.  We were sent to investigate the state of the planet, see how God’s plans were coming along, and Balthazar convinced a few of us to sneak away and create some mischief.”

“Mischief.  Why doesn’t it surprise me that Balthazar was involved?”

“Because you met him after he chose to abandon his responsibilities.  Before then, he was one of the most loyal and honorable of angels.  I still can’t believe he blamed me for his choices.”  Castiel handed Sam another twig.  “I never ran away from Heaven, from my duty.  I rebelled, yes, but that was because I believed Heaven had lost its way.  Once humans arrived, Balthazar left off his mischief and served with distinction.”

“Oh.  So you ran around as a dinosaur?  How do you get permission from a dinosaur to use it as a vessel?  Were they actually intelligent?”

“No more than any other animals.”  Sam could definitely feel the difference now as Castiel ran his fingers through Sam’s hair.  “Once humans came along, we were no longer permitted to take animals as hosts, but until then