and needs to be protected <3

...sorry. Here, have a new chapter :D

 

 

Dean is confused and he doesn’t like it. Confusion is a human emotion and ever since the mark woke him as a Knight of Hell he’s only experienced two human emotions and that’s anger and horniness. And he doesn’t even think being horny counts as experiencing an emotion. It’s more of a physical reaction, right?

When Dean’s with Cas he’s barely angry at all, and that’s what’s confusing him. Frustrated, sure, but that could be the horniness again.

In contrast, when Dean is with Crowley he’s angry all the fucking time lately. What at first counted as a fun pastime has now started to grate on Dean’s nerves and he can’t believe he ever thought about hanging with the King of HellTM, let alone fuck him.

Dean wants to ditch the fucking King right now and see what Cas is up to but Crowley doesn’t stop talking and Dean hasn’t heard anything from Cas in days. Well, not that he ever really hears anything from Cas. It’s not like they’re texting buddies or something, not anymore at least.

But after all the sex they had last time Dean had maybe thought that Cas would want…

Dean shakes his head and downs the last of his beer, slamming the bottle down on the bar disk, making the bartender glare at him.

“What’s got your panties in a bunch?” Crowley huffs, clearly indignant about being interrupted when he was talking about whatever he thought was important. Dean rolls his eyes.

“More like what hasn’t.” He mutters. Crowley arches an eyebrow at him and sips at his much too cheerful drink. Umbrellas and everything, what the fuck?

“Have you even been listening to what I’ve been saying?”

“Not really.” Dean is fiddling with the label on his beet bottle, trying to rip it off. He has read somewhere that people who do that are sexually frustrated. He doesn’t know if it’s true in general but it sure as hell is true for him. Why the fuck is Cas being so obstinate?

“You know,” Crowley starts in a haughty tone. “You being a Knight of Hell, don’t you think you should serve your King?”

It’s Dean’s turn to arch his eyebrow. “You know,” he mocks in a fake (and bad) British accent. “Me being incredibly more powerful than you, don’t you think I should kill you?”

Crowley frowns. “I just thought you would be interested in the demon tablet, what with you being full-fledged demon now.”

Dean ignores Crowley’s irritated tone and leans closer. “Demon tablet?” he has forgotten all about those fucking tablets and Metatron and—hang on. Metatron took Cas’ grace too, didn’t he? Dean’s eyes shine with the possibilities before him. Just think about what he could make Cas do if he had the tablet or Cas’ grace or both.

“Oh no.” Crowley mutters and pushes off the barstool. “You weren’t interested before, I’m not repeating myself.”

“Aw, c’mon Fergus.” Dean smirks and walks after the King of HellTM. “One more time, huh?”

 

*****

 

Dean’s in an abandoned storage facility in Bumfuck, Nowhere (Broadus, Montana) following up on a clue Crowley had gotten about the demon tablet when Cas finds him. It looks like the clue is a bust and Dean’s just wondering why he’s the one doing the grunt work anyway when the doors open and Cas walks in.

Dean crouches behind a shelf, already feeling much better about this whole endeavor. He’s thinking Cas must be there for the tablet as well but Dean doesn’t mind that, any chance to meet with Cas is great in his mind. His butt’s just about grown empty and that’s a hole only one thing can fill nowadays.

The mark itches on his arm as he remains passive while Cas scans the small storage area.

“Dean?” he calls suddenly and actually startles Dean. “Dean, I know you’re in here.”

So, not here for the tablet then? Dean waltzes out of his hiding spot because there’s no point to it now, is there?

Cas looks both relieved and nervous but Dean understands that. Cas is after all a little sensitive and reserved about what they have been doing.

“Cas.” He practically purrs, feels how the mark sings with him like it’s been doing the last few times he thought about Cas. Cas swallows slowly. “What’re you doin’ here, little angel?”

Cas draws himself up to his full height and looks like he’s about to say something but then decides to just fuck in and instead stalks over to Dean. Dean, for his part, is so surprise he remains stationary and fuck yeah, when Cas reaches him