say on the phone holding the heavy jug in your other hand.

“Thank you, I’m sorry I forgot it on my way home.” She said with a sigh.

“It’s ok mom I like helping it makes you realize I’m not a kid anymore.” You smirk passing the town liquor store police all over it. 

“Your 15 ____ don’t get ahead of yourself, but again thank you, sweetheart.” There were empty bottles every were.

 

“Mom I’m gonna call you back.” You say ending the call. You decided to walk across the river instead. You cradled the milk in your arms happy you were wearing your favorite thick sweater that helped block the chill. You walk by the closed stores and dark housed seeing random cats and squirrels dart off for safety in random directions. You see someone swaying in the distance on the other side of the street making you nervous, but your house was down this street on the right so you kept going forward. As you got closer you felt like someone was watching you making you turn to see the man had disappeared. You breathe a little easier turning forward to run into the man. You stumbled backward looking up at him. You were only able to make out a slim nose and straight clean-shaven chin. His hair was black and messy hanging over his ears. Contradicting the bright blue of his bloodshot eyes. He was wearing a long tan trench coat with a white shirt and a necktie.

“My friend said I needed to try new things and have fun.” The man said with a gruff voice swaying slightly again his eyes never leaving your face. 

“You should go to his house then.” You say softly trying not to show how terrified you were. 

“I want to feel you.” The man said taking a step towards you. You gasped backing up quickly letting out a sharp high-pitched scream. The man grabbed your face with bone breaking strength wrapping his other arm around you. He dragged you between a close nail salon and a closed flower shop pushing up face first up against one of the brick walls. He turned you around to face him just to press his lips firmly against yours. You dropped the milk on the ground with a bang the man kicked it to the side. You tried to push him away from you, but he just kissed you harder pushing you into the brick. You tried to scream again opening your mouth which just let the man shove his tongue into you. You tried to hit him again as hard as you could. He grunted pulling away from you pressing if forehead into yours.

“You have soft lips I like them.” He said reaching up to lean on the wall with one arm. 

“Please stop.” You whimper as he reached up with his other hand putting a finger over your lips.

“Shhh don’t speak I know what you want.” He said with a small smile grabbing your shoulder to turn you around again he undid his pants while you froze. He started to roughly pull down your pants making you scream again. He grabbed your face pulling your pants passed your butt before he shoved two fingers inside of you. You felt like small electric shocks were running into your clit and walls from his fingers making you whimper and contact around him immediately becoming wet. 

“You are so soft.” He grunted pulling out of you to roughly stab you with his cock head in the butt cheek. Then in the leg, until he sunk all the way inside of your wall popping your cherry in an ally. He moaned not letting you adjust before he roughly pulled out. The hand on your mouth was squeezing tighter and tighter with every thrust the only good thing was that it blocked your face from being rubbed on the wall. You cried and screamed into his hand as he fucked you harder into the wall. 

“I’m glad I listened to Sam.” He said as his shaft spread you wider the same electric feeling you had on your clit a moment ago was back attacking your sensitive bud relentlessly. You screamed as your walls contracted nonstop in hard messy orgasm’s that had you leaking all over the man’s hardening shaft. 

“So, close, oh, this is amazing.” He groaned pumping harder your body was going numb from the intense forced pleasure. He started to crush you into the wall using his whole body to spill his cum into you. 

“Oh, there it is. Wow.” He chuckled pumping a couple more times before pulling out of you. You stood on the wall unable to move your heard the man stumbled around before a buzzing noise made him groan irritated. You turned to see him fishing a phone from his pocket looking at the screen.

“It’s Sam again he has been calling me about a prophet. I have to go. Do you need help home?” He asked swaying and looking at you. 

“Just leave. Go away please.” You whimper trying to pull your pants up. A flash of light and he was gone leaving you alone to fall in spilled milk to cry. You laid on the ground holding yourself while