Dean asked darkly taking a step forward. Dean has always scared you a little bit every now and again, but right now he was terrifying. There was a hint of danger in his movements. 

“I’m sorry. I just missed you, you have been gone for weeks.” You say a small whimper in your voice as Dean’s dark gaze kept going back to the end of his shirt sitting just at the middle of your thigh. 

“So, you went through my stuff like a thief?” Dean snapped taking another step to you. You whimper again hitting the kitchen table with the back of your legs. 

“I’m sorry. I’ll go take it off.” You say quickly trying to run to your room. Dean was like lighting his hands going slamming on the table on either side of your body. His face so close to yours you could smell the beer on him.

“Take it off right here.” Dean ordered looking at your scared face. You looked confused at your older brother like he was crazy. 

“I’m not wearing anything under this Dean. Can I please go to my room?” You asked pulling the shirt down lower on your legs in discomfort. 

“I said take it off now.” Dean whispered moving his face closer just a few centimeters in front of your lips. You shake your head no with a frown looking into Dean’s firm face. Dean moved faster than before grabbing the bottom of his shirt to tear it off your torso. Your glasses had shoved into your nose making you hiss out in pain. You were dazed for a moment unsure how to react to being now naked and just a few inches away from Dean. 

“Dean!” You scream trying to cover yourself. He looked you over especially staring at your breast his heavy breathing fogging up your glasses. He chuckled slowly reaching up to take them off your face. Your vision became blurry with tears and the lack of much-needed lenses. 

“Please let me go to my room.” You whimper looking up at Dean’s blurry face. Dean grabbed your hair to pull you away from the table. He opened the fridge grabbing a beer before dragging you to the living room. He threw you down on the small couch making it slide on the floor a few centimeters. He opened the beer as you tried to get away from him. He pulled out a weird looking knife holding it close to your face.

“Stay still.” Dean ordered before taking a swig of his beer the knife still pointed at your face. He chugged the beer before throwing the bottle across the room. The glass breaking made Dean smile. He pulled out his cell phone not paying attention to you for a moment. You started to slip from the couch slowly until he cut your cheek deep enough for you to cry out in pain. You grabbed your face feeling the blood start to run down your fingers,

“Lay down with your legs spread.” Dean instructed pushing the knife into your other cheek. You whimpered laying down like he said too. He took a picture then sighed walked to the end of the sofa to take a full-length photo.

“Spread your legs more and move your hand from your damn face.” Dean growled. You whimper again moving your shaking blood covered hand down to your side as you drape one leg over the back of the sofa the other high in the air. Dean took 3 pictures before he went back to his phone the keypad tones going off. You curled into a ball unbelievable humiliated. 

“Get up.” Dean ordered as he put his phone back in his pocket. You didn’t move to scared and confused to listen to you big brother. He glared down at you with a frown holding up the knife again. 

“Do I need to cut you some more?” Dean asked with no emotion in his words. You shake your head no slowly getting up from the couch. He grabbed a fist full of your hair forcing you to Sam’s room. He threw you on the bed watching you bounce for a moment before he started to pull off his clothing.

“Dean, why are you doing this?” You ask with a small whimper covering your breast with your hands. 

“It’s nothing personal sweetheart. I just can’t get Sammy stop chasing and you know how he is. He won’t give up unless I do something bad to someone he loves. I’m sorry you’re the only one he cares about now a day.” Dean said casually taking off his clothing until his large penis was freely hanging down his leg. 

“I will tell him to leave you alone. Whatever you want Dean just stop scaring me please.” You say as fear grips your heart with every slight movement Dean makes. He chuckled climbing onto the bed with a wide grin. 

“What I want is for you to take my dick like a good girl and don’t scream too much when Sam calls.” Dean said as the bed dipped from his weight. He grabbed your legs dragging you under his body with your legs wide for him to look at