, you idiot.  Mary, honey, you got two boys who need looking after.  Bill knows this stuff, he’s been teaching me, I can look after the boys while you two are out on hunts, or you can mind the bar if I go hunt with Bill, or Bill can stay back while we have a girls’ day out and go hunt without him, but the point here is you aren’t trying to hunt and be a single mom, and I’m not sending Bill out without backup or closing the bar to go with him.  You know we’d been trying to figure that out, Bill.”

“Lots of hunters work alone,” Mary protested.

Bill shrugged.  “Hunters with partners or groups are more likely to make it home after the hunt, you know that.  Ellie’s right, Mary.  It’s stability and a home for your boys, and it helps us out.  This isn’t charity.  We’re putting you to work with us, if you stay.  Saves you having to start from scratch and the worst part of having to look after two boys, especially with Sammy needing extra looking after thanks to this demon.”

Mary agreed to give it a try, at least.  It was definitely the best thing for her boys, so she beat down her pride and accepted the help.  The Harvelles didn’t just welcome her into their home and their lives, she was also welcomed into their relationship.  Mary had some reservations at first, Bill was a second cousin, but Bill had convinced her that no one cared.

 

And then, three years after he’d left, John showed up at the bar.

He wasn’t the mechanic she’d fallen for and married.  The dust on his leather jacket and the lines on his face and the hardness in his eyes told her that.  Thankfully, Ellen and Bill were home from their most recent hunt, so Mary could hide and eavesdrop.

Ellen was the one to deal with him.  “Hey there.  Drink?”

“Yes, please.”

Ellen poured a shot of whiskey.  “You look like hell.  Hunt over, you just need a break, or lookin’ for help?”

John looked blankly at Ellen.  “Hunt?”

“Don’t play dumb.  This here’s a hunter’s bar, and you got that look in your eye."  Ellen looked around at the other folks in the bar pointedly.  All of them were dressed for hunting.  All of them were drinking.  Most of them had journals or newspapers or Weekly World News type magazines.  "Don’t get many tourists stopping in at the Roadhouse.”

John tossed back the whiskey.  “Finished the rugaru I was after, but that was just a detour.  I’ve been hunting a demon for three years.  Know anyone who knows much about them?”

“Sure, I know a guy.  What’s your name?”  Ellen poured him another shot.

“John.”

Ellen snorted.  “You got a last name to go with that, or should I tell my guy to call every John in the phonebook until he hits you?”

“Winchester.”

Ellen jumped a little.  “John Winchester?”

“Yes.”

“Got it."  Ellen did her best to cover, but John was still looking at her strangely.  "Bobby Singer started hunting when a demon murdered his wife.  What did this demon you’re after do to you?”

“I’m not…"  John sighed and downed his whiskey again.  "Honestly, I don’t know for sure.  I was kind of in shock when my wife told me about it, about all this hunting stuff.  It’s threatening my son, though.”

“Where are your boys now?”  Mary winced.  Ellen shouldn't know that there was more than one son, not from talking to John.

If John noticed the slip, he didn't let it show.  “Hell if I know.  Mary took them and ran after the demon showed up, I tried to find her but she probably doesn’t wanna be found.”

“Why would she take your boys and run from you?”

“Because I didn’t exactly react well when she told me about hunting.  By the time I got my head out of my ass and realized that being there for my boys and protecting them was more important that whatever hurt feelings I had over the lying, she was gone.”

“Huh.”

That was enough for Mary.  “When he says he didn’t react well… he means he threw me the keys to his car and walked out.”

John's mouth fell open, whiskey glass halfway to his lips.  “Mary?”

"John."  Mary looked him over.  From up close, she could see that the three years apart had aged him so much more.  Typical for new hunters.  “So you’re hunting now?”

“Yeah.  And you’re… working at a bar?”

Ellen went over to Mary and wrapped an arm around her waist.  “Among other things.  Including hunting.”

John was taken