Dean wants to ask if Dad's going somewhere the car'll be no good, if this is a gift or just the usual Winchester practicality, wants to babble out thanks and promises to take care of the Impala.  'Yes, sir,' is all he actually manages. Just as well that's all his father's looking to hear.

If Sam were there, Dean would have a good time lording it over him with the car. He's been driving it for years but Sam always swore Dad would rather give Dean his right hand than actually give him the car. He thinks about giving Sam a call, or at least sending a card, maybe a picture of the Impala with 'Mine!' scrawled on the back. It's not the same though, and Dean knows it. He spends hours working on the car instead, waxing the paintwork and tending to every rattle and grumble so Dad won't have reason to complain. Maybe one day he'll just rock up at Stanford and take Sam for a drive. In the meantime, he just hits the bars, where the chicks dig the car almost as much as they dig Dean himself.

Driving back from doing an exorcism near Salem, Dean stops off in some boondock town just out of Boise. It's late October, Halloween decorations choking up every store window he sees. When they were kids, he and Sam used to prank trick-or-treaters, lurking in the bushes making weird howls and rustles and then laughing like hyenas when the most nervous kid spooked and set the others off into a panic. Sam made out that it was some kind of public service, making all the normals just that bit more cautious about things that go bump in the night, but Dean figures it was mostly that they wanted everyone else to feel just a little bit of what their life was like every day. Sam likes to think he's the introspective one, but Dean's a lot better at facing facts. Mostly, anyway.

Heading back out on the interstate, Dean notices the exit for I-80 and remembers that it runs right across to California. He only hesitates for a second before he's switching into the turn lane and heading for Stanford. He tells himself that it's just because of the time of year, that he and Sam should be together. Anyway, why shouldn't he visit his brother? That's what normal people do.

Dean has no idea where Sam lives, but he figures if he hangs out outside the library long enough his brother's bound to turn up eventually. Of course, he hasn't banked on the fact that a big school like Stanford has a hell of a lot more than one library. He has no idea what courses Sam's doing, either, so no clues there. He drives around the campus for a while before he spots a bookstore squeezed up in between a few different libraries. Dean parks up and waits, ignoring the signs to the parking lot and the dirty looks of passing campus attendants. The gamble pays off - he's only been there about 15 minutes when Sam comes down the road, walking with a couple of other guys. He spots the Impala right off, and for a moment his face lights up, same open smile as Dean remembers from way back when. It only lasts for a second, and then Sam schools his face into casualness and makes some quick comment to the other guys. They nod and smile, and Sam turns off towards the bookstore. He doesn't even look at the car again until they've turned the corner. Then he strides up and rips open the car door and says, 'What?'

Afterwards, Dean thinks about Sam's anger, and the awkwardness, and wonders what the hell he was thinking driving a thousand miles out of his way. Then he remembers the smile on Sam's face when he first saw the car, and thinks he knows exactly what he was doing.

Dean's been tomcatting around in every town they pass through, so he tells himself he's not surprised when Sam writes to say he's met a girl. Dad comments on the arrival of the letter - the only one Sam's sent apart from the curt 'Got here OK' from the first week at Stanford - and Dean forces a laugh, says he's never known Sam able to resist showing off to his big brother.

Unexpectedly, Dad laughs back and starts to reminisce about the time Sammy caught a hermit crab and brought it back to show Dean. They'd been out in Connecticut, enjoying a rare week of peace. Dad had heard rumours that there might be a melusine haunting the water there, but when they got there they found nothing but wide, empty beaches. Dad had been eager to move on, and it wasn't really beach weather anyway - winter had already moved in enough to drive off the holidayers - but Sam had loved the sea so much that they'd ended up staying a spell. Dean remembers chubby, five year