you have the better claim.  Not to mention you’re the one who’s supposed to be aligned with the angels, with Michael.”

“Cas rebelled, remember?”  Dean reached out and very softly laid his hand on Sam’s shoulder.  “Maybe the whole Michael’s prom suit thing is the problem.  Besides – the only reason anyone with half a brain would ever pick me over you is that I’m the easy one.  And I really don’t think Cas cares about that.”

Sam knew that Dean’s opinion of himself sucked.  He’d thought he knew just how bad it was, but this was a new low.  “That’s not true, Dean.  Unless you’re saying I don’t have half a brain.”

Dean snorted.  “Not what I meant, Sammy.  But, go on.  Finish your numbered list.”

“Okay, well, I admit that I don’t exactly have the choice of picking myself,” Sam had to acknowledge.  “But just to completely fuck up this night for everyone involved… I know you know there was more to the Flagstaff Heaven story.”  Dean gave Sam his very best yeah, not an idiot face.  “So, I said you could stay, and then you pulled me close.  And you kissed me.  And that’s when I came back.”

Dean blinked.  “What, like Snow White, a kiss brings the princess back to life?”  Off Sam’s look, he added defensively, “I told you, I watched the porn version.”

Sam huffed.  “Yeah, well, the porn version must’ve left out the most important element of the story.  It took a kiss from Snow White’s true love to bring her back.  I don’t think one of the dwarves could do it… and I really don’t want to hear about what the dwarves were doing in the porn version, thank you very much.  He waited, watching Dean as the point filtered through the dwarf porn.  When it looked like Dean was starting to get it, he continued.  “Two: I’m already in love with my soulmate.”

“Sammy…” Sam translated mentally.  Dean was saying this was twelve kinds of fucked up, but that he didn’t have the energy to give a shit right now.  That he didn’t believe what he thought he was hearing, because it was too good to be true.  Because good things did not happen to Dean Winchester.  Ever.

Sam already knew what Dean’s primary objection would be.  “Dean, you don’t have to protect me from this.  I know exactly why it shouldn’t happen, and I know why a shrink would say it did anyway.  I also know that if you had shown up to Flagstaff and kissed me, I’d have been yours then.  Leaving for Stanford didn’t change that, and when Jessica died, so did my resistance to anything you wanted me to be to you.  And if all you want from me is a brother, then I will never mention this again.  If you don’t know what you want, then think it through.  I’ll be the little brother I’ve been all along until you tell me you want more.”  Sure enough, Sam’s face had gone very hot, and he was grateful for the cool glass to at least make one side bearable.”

Dean’s hand on Sam’s shoulder had gone from a soft touch to a death grip as Sam was talking.  “And if I say no, you’ll go running to Cas?”

“If you say no, then I’ll probably do what I’ve been doing all along,” Sam said decidedly.  “The occasional incredibly ill-advised hookup that turns out to be some kind of monster.   I’m not running to Cas unless you can tell me, without lying, that you want me to and that it won’t hurt you.”

Sam could see Dean considering it, considering trying to lie to him.  Finally Dean ran a hand over his face.  “Shit, Sammy.  You weren’t kidding about an incredibly fucking messed-up love triangle here.  You really don’t care that I’m your brother?”

Sam grinned.  “I used to.  But then I saw it another way.  Yeah, loving your brother is not something normal people do, and I’m pretty sure in every state acting on it is, technically, illegal – although since we’re both adults, there are some that wouldn’t bother enforcing it.  But why the fuck should that be the line that stops us?  We’re not normal people, Dean.  And we’ve… okay, you’ve… never cared whether something was illegal, as long as no one got hurt.  Looking at it that way, I realized that there really isn’t a good reason to care.”

Dean slid over, letting the death grip on Sam’s shoulder change to a firm hold on Sam’s