“Don’t feel bad,” the man said, clapping a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Many a man has thrown himself at her feet, but she’s not into anyone but him. Tank’s muse is off-limits.”

Sam cast another sideways glance at the couple still making out behind the stage curtains. “She got a name?”

The guy shrugged carelessly, watching as the band singer grabbed her by the hand and pulled her towards the stairs, making sure to shove another bottle of water into her hand. “Muse…that’s what he calls her. Not even sure Tank gives a shit what her real name is.” He threw Dean a lop-sided grin. “But it’s Mandy, if you’re really interested.”

“The band guy…Tank…has that and he doesn’t care?” Dean asked incredulously.

“Tank’s an asshole. Got women crawling all over him now that he’s gonna hit it big.” The guy nodded his head in the bar’s direction, asking conversationally, “Wanna get a beer? I’ll introduce you two to the man himself.”

Dean nodded in agreement, deciding they might get more information out of this guy as well as a free drink. What could be better?

The young man led them through the press of bodies that had somehow materialized around the band members, taking them right up to the burly platinum blonde man named holding court by the bar. “Hey, Tank!” he called out jovially. “Already sent Mandy into seclusion?”

Tank smirked around the cigarette dangling out of the corner of his mouth. “You know it, Pete. The ladies can’t show their appreciation properly with her doom and gloomin’ the mood.” He ran a hand over a girl’s back as she leaned in, pressing a small slip of paper into the pocket of his jeans, her hand lingering a touch longer than appropriate before melting back into the crowd.

“Want you to meet some friends of mine,” Pete began. “They like what you do.”

“Likes my muse, you mean,” Tank rumbled, blowing a puff of smoke over Dean’s head as he reluctantly pulled his gaze away from where the girl had disappeared, completely ignoring Sam. “Saw you slobberin’ over her at the end of the set. Totally understandable, mate. But hands off; she’s mine. Need her for inspiration – couldn’t write a decent song without her.” Tank flashed Dean a predatory grin. “Let me get you a beer; keep you warm when you’re alone tonight.”

Tank gestured broadly at the nearest bartender, and Sam tried to subtly duck behind Tank’s broad back when he saw it was John. “Four on the house for my mates here, Bartie.”

Despite Sam’s earnest efforts to blend, John’s eyes immediately flicked to his son trying to look nonchalant as Tank put in his order. John stared steadily at Sam as he passed him his beer, a slight shake of his head indicating his displeasure at his 16-year-old drinking on a school night. John passed the other glasses across the bar, his gaze meeting Dean’s for a moment before John blinked slowly, Dean nodding in understanding as John turned to his next customer.

“Your band rocks, man,” Dean said with a broad smile. “I hear you’re pretty regular here.”

Sam frowned petulantly at John’s back before taking a lengthy swig of his drink. Dean narrowed his eyes in Sam’s direction, his brother pointedly ignoring the rebuke before Dean covertly stomped on his foot, making Sam spill his drink across the scarred wood floor of the bar. “My little brother can’t handle his beer. One drink and he’s….” Dean waved his hand absently.

Tank puffed another smoke ring in Dean’s direction. “I live upstairs, man. This place owns me until I hit it big.”

Dean arched an eyebrow curiously. “You live here? Ever see anything…strange? These places always seem to have weird stories attached to ‘em.”

Sam’s hand snaked under Dean’s outstretched elbow, grabbing the bottle out of Dean’s grasp and disappearing again before Dean even knew his brother had slipped up behind him.

Dean briefly debated killing his brother on the spot or saving retaliation until Sam was sleeping. Covert retribution won out; they were on a job, after all.

Tank paused, giving him a funny look. “No walkin’ bed sheets on my watch…unless it’s a lady friend actin’ all coy.” Tank guffawed loosely in amusement, another young woman worming her way through the press around them to run a hand over Tank’s chest, leaning in to whisper something in his ear that seemed to arouse his interest.

“Later, babe,” Tank replied. “I’ll call you tomorrow morning, OK?” The woman planted a heated kiss on his mouth, practically eating his face as Dean signaled for another beer.

He got a water instead.