Sam and Dean demanding he return the children he kidnaped. The girls dug in to their meal and told him everything they knew from their momma leaving to raise them in secret to finally meeting their daddy and the war and everything. Gabriel listened to both of them and shook his head when they finished telling how they went into the portal and ended up with Bobby.

"Mmm you two have had quite the adventure haven't you? Well I'm going to tell you right now Michael and Lucifer do exist in this world and they're just as evil. So I don't want either of you running off without me knowing or anything okay? Sam and I aren't very close in this universe but if you ever want to see him let me know and I'll see what I can do. Castiel and Dean, well they don't think they love each other but that's debatable. Other then that, there are no kingdoms here like the ones you know. But Angels and Demons do exist and they are usually bad. Humans can be bad sometimes too. I'll try to teach you all about how to protect yourselves and everything sometime, if you want, but for now I think it's bed time." He told them as their eyes started to slide closed. They both groaned but didn't fight him as he lead them to his bedroom and let them climb up on the king sized mattress before he tucked them in. He was surprised when they both kissed his cheeks but smiled at them fondly.

Jadelyn looked at her hand before back to him.. "Your supposed to kiss our hands now momma. That's what we always did. You kiss our hands and we kiss your cheeks. It's our special thing." She whispered and Gabriel took their hands kissing them making Jade grin and relax cuddling closer to her sister who was nearly asleep already.

"Night momma." She whispered and Gabriel looked down trying to keep from blushing at being called that before he nodded at her.

"Night princess." He told her and left the room sighing and rubbing his face. What was he doing? He was supposed to be hiding from his brothers not raising fledglings. But as soon as Sam had prayed to him saying that there were kids claiming to be his it was like his mind got stuck in a loop... All around his son.

It had been an accident, he had been playing around with humans along with the Gregori but then he found out that the girl he had been with was pregnant. He had never been so happy or excited. But then demons got involved and the nephilim started becoming tainted so Michael ordered every one of them be eradicated. He tried to tell her to run, but where could she have ran to? What if their child did end up tainted? Normal nephilim were one thing, an archangel's nephilim was another. Their child never even got to take his first breath. Now that he had the chance to raise two little girls, how could he refuse them? Even if he had to raise little Asher too. He couldn't clean his son's blood off his hands but he could do right for these kids. He could give them a safe home and love. He sighed hearing more angry prayers from Sam and Dean and decided he might as well get it over with while the kids were sleeping and vanished back to Bobby's.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Sam paced worriedly in Bobby's kitchen where he and Dean had been talking with Bobby and Cas about the children for the past few hours. He had prayed to Gabriel thinking he had a right to know if there were children that may be his but he hadn't expected the archangel to show up and kidnap them. Now they had no idea how to get the kids back and what Gabriel would want them for anyway.

"You guys are pathetic, you know that? Especially you Castiel. You knew what happened to my son, you know how I feel about kids..." Gabriel said before he could stop himself making both Winchesters look at Castiel then back at Gabriel surprised.

"Son? You have a son?" Sam asked and Gabriel flinched guessing he might as well tell them now he opened his big mouth.

"I almost had a son. My brothers killed him and his mother before he was born. Nephilim are outlawed you know. Because they were too powerful and too open to manipulation. There was nothing I could do but watch as they stabbed my pregnant wife and killed both of them. Michael had me restrained so I could watch and learn what happens to those who disobey even though the baby had been conceived before the law. Castiel was there at my wedding! So now I have the chance... Now that I have the gift of raising my own flesh and blood daughters, you think I would turn it down? Turn them down? No, Jadelyn and Alexandria are staying with me, safe, away from my brothers. If you want to see them that's fine, I can work with that, but