There may not be much time.  Sam, you should be hidden here.  Bobby and I have put up every warding we can think of.  But if Lucifer rises, you’ll feel it.  You’ll know.”

“I know where Lilith is.  Castiel, we can still stop her.  Or at least we can still try!”	

Cas shook his head.  “Stopping her means killing her, which is the exact wrong thing to do.  At least this way, she has to kill herself.  Lilith is the last seal.”

“…Oh.”

Castiel tilted his head, examining Sam curiously.  “Sam, why did you pray to me?”

“After the message, I was pretty sure Dean wouldn’t answer if I called… didn’t figure praying to do you would do much good either, but at least I wouldn’t know.”

“I see.”

Sam sighed.  “Look, you and Uriel did a pretty good job killing my faith, but… I was lost.  I was desperate.  I killed a woman.  I didn’t… Ruby wanted me to drink her so I’d be strong enough to kill Lilith, drain her completely, but I couldn’t go through with it.  I needed somewhere to turn, and I know what you think of me, but you were all I could think of.”

“How did the woman die, if you didn’t drink her blood?”

“I pulled the demon out of her to kill, but she was too badly injured.”

Castiel sat very stiffly on the cot beside Sam.  “I owe you an apology.  All of Heaven does, but right now, I’m the only one willing to admit that.  All of us, we underestimated you.  I judged you because of the demon blood you were given, and I was wrong.  I thought you would break, kill that woman, and kill Lilith.  That you would play your role, the role you were cast in long before you were even born.  I was wrong, Sam, and I am sorry.”

“I very nearly did.”

“But you didn’t.  When it came down to it, you made the right choice.”  Castiel stared intently at Sam.  "I was right about you all along.  You had enough strength and innate goodness to save yourself, even as deep as you got into the plan."

"But you thought I'd break."

"That's not the same as believing there was no hope.  An odd thing for an angel to have, but I always had hope that you would stop."  Castiel reached up, two fingers to Sam's temple, and warmth flooded through him.  "It's not easy to break free of the will of Heaven.  I admire you, Sam."

Sam was about to ask why they were hiding, but he bent over, as a wave of panic and despair hit him.  Castiel reached out, steadying him with a hand to the chest.  “What’s wrong?”

“It’s Lucifer.  Lilith did it.  He’s here.”

Castiel put a hand to Sam's chest, and pain seared through him.  “Listen very closely.  Archangels require very powerful vessels.  At any given time, there are usually no more than two or three people who can handle that power, because it’s passed down through a bloodline.  One reason Lilith and Zachariah thought that now was the right time for the Apocalypse was that for the first time in a very long time, the bloodlines of Michael and Lucifer came back together so that the true vessels are brothers.”

“Me and Dean.”

“Exactly.  Dean, the elder brother, the good son, is Michael’s true vessel.  You, the younger brother, the family rebel, you’re Lucifer’s.  Angels and demons both will be searching for you.  But there is hope.  They are angels, meaning they have to get consent to take you as a vessel.  I've hidden you, and I'll do the same for Dean, but they can find you in dreams.  They’ll try to wear you down.  We can’t let them succeed.”

“How do we stop the Apocalypse?”

Cas shrugged.  “Kill one or both archangels, or find a way to force Lucifer back into his cage.  It won’t be easy.  Right now, the only idea I have is searching for God.”

“Good luck.”  Sam shoved his hands into his pocket.  “How is Dean?  Is he somewhere safe?”

“He’s upstairs.  He wants to talk to you.”

Sam huffed.  “I doubt that.  Last I heard, he wanted to kill me.”

“Kill you?  No.  He’s still pissed, but he knows the two of you need each other.  If there’s any hope of surviving this, the two of you must find a way to forgive each other for the past year.”

“What’s to forgive Dean for?  He was right all along, Ruby was leading me astray.  Whether she