nature after the first few weeks of watery eyes and spasming, uncooperative eyelids, and over time Dean forgot to be humiliated – especially when he learned he could get different colors of contacts and change his eyes to whatever shade of sexy he wanted.

So by the time he drove up to Stanford to get Sam's help in finding their missing father, Dean had almost forgotten that there was anything different about his vision at all.

 

It hadn't been until Dean had started traveling the country with his younger brother again that he'd remembered how much he hated needing glasses and contacts.

Dad had known about his weakened eyesight, of course, since he'd been the one to make Dean go get it checked in the first place. Sam, though, hadn't been there for any of it, and Dean felt more than a little self-conscious revealing this particular weakness to his brother. It was stupid, he knew. Sam would never tease him about something like needing glasses. The kid would probably just reason it away, saying some stupid logical, rational thing like "If you need it to help you see, use it. What difference does it make how you help yourself aim for the monster as long as it keeps you alive?"

But still, he couldn't bring himself to tell Sam just yet. Sam had been so withdrawn after Jessica's death, Dean still wasn't sure exactly where he stood with his little brother. Was he just tagging along with Dean because he had nowhere else to go and he could help him get revenge against the demon, or did he actually want to see his big brother again after all these communication-less years?

Dean knew which side he was taking, of course, but that didn't mean Sam felt the same way. And if his little brother started seeing him as weak after all this time apart, Dean didn't think he could stand it. That realization ripped open every last stitch he'd ever sewn over his glasses-related insecurities over the last four years.

So he kept the whole thing a secret from Sam, carefully hiding it every time he put his contacts in or took them out. He made sure the bathroom door was locked when he was putting them in; cleaned them with the shower running on high so Sam wouldn't hear him pouring the old solution down the bathroom sink before he refilled his contact case; stored the case in an empty ibuprofen bottle filled with cotton balls to hide the rattling, so Sam wouldn't see anything weird if he looked in Dean's bag. And so far, everything had gone according to plan.

Or at least it had until the night after they finished hunting the Wendigo at Blackwater Ridge.

Both of the boys had decided to stay the night in town to recoup and tend to their wounds, rather than making another long drive so soon after an exhausting hunt. Dean was relaxing on the motel bed, lying at an odd angle so he could see the fuzzy TV without having to pull on the multitude of barely-sealed cuts he'd gotten from the creature, when he suddenly heard Sam make a puzzled humming noise from across the room.

"Sam? What's up?" he asked lazily, flipping the channel again when the show he had been watching ended and was switched over to an infomercial.

"Dean?" Sam's voice sounded totally confused, like whatever he had clutched in his monstrous mitt of a hand was something he'd never seen before. "Uh… since when do you wear contacts?"

Dean's heart almost skipped a beat, and for a second he completely forgot how to breathe.

"What are you talking about, Sammy?" he asked casually, hoping he sounded as relaxed and amused as he thought he did. "I don't wear…"

He stopped when Sam held up the tiny contact lens case between two fingers, one eyebrow raised as he caught his brother in the lie.

"How did you find those?" Dean choked out, feeling his heart hammering somewhere in the vicinity of his windpipe and making it very hard to breathe all of a sudden.

"I went to get you some pills for those bruises but the med kit is out of ibuprofen. I thought I saw some in your bag the other day while you were packing, so I went looking for it and found these inside instead. So, I ask again: since when do you wear these?"

When Dean didn't answer, Sam's eyebrows knitted together in confusion, gaze softening as he realized how red in the face his older brother suddenly was. "Dean?"

"Since you left for freaking Stanford, okay?!" Dean spat, turning away from Sam when his voice shook noticeably. This was bad. This was so bad. Sam was never supposed to find out about this.

"Since… Dean, that was almost four years ago!" Sam said softly, completely dumbfounded. "And I've been traveling with you for weeks now. Why would you try so hard to hide this?"

"wsmbrssed…" Dean muttered, still not