a good-looking guy like you is a virgin?”

“He doesn’t have a wife or kids, yet, but he will.  There’s a couple girls in the village he’s got his eye on, and I know that Jess and Eileen would both say yes if he asks them when he’s old enough.”  Dean rubbed the back of his neck.  “Also, Crowley figured you wouldn’t actually be able to tell if I was a virgin or not.  You don’t seem to give a crap about destroying the town, so… not a virgin.  Not anywhere close.”

The dragon laughed.  “I can respect sacrificing yourself for your brother.  I’m not going to eat you, though.  I was human before Lucifer did this to me, and it still feels like cannibalism to eat you.  You can stay here, if you’d like.  Good for sneaking back into town to see Sam.”

“Thanks.  You got a name?”

“Cain.”

“Why’d Lucifer do this to you?”

“He was corrupting my little brother Abel, trying to take him as his protégé.  I couldn’t stand to watch that happen, so I told Lucifer to go to Hell.  He agreed to leave Abel alone, at the cost of my humanity.  So here I am, a dragon.”

“How do you know Lucifer will keep his end of the deal?”

“How do you know Crowley will keep his?  You came here expecting to get eaten.”

“Fair.”

 

Dean and Cain had been holed up in their cave, Cain using magic to extend the food from his few hunts and Dean’s trips into town to pick up food from Sam as much as he could.  They had gotten very close in that time, and Dean wished he could break the spell on Cain so they could be together for real.  Dragons were great friends, but they were hard to kiss, and sex was… incredibly complicated.

Dean was dozing in the shelter of Cain’s wing when the sound of hoofbeats woke him up.  Cain groaned.  “This better not be what I think it is.”

No such luck.  “Dragon!  Come face me, in the name of King Chuck!”

“Great.  A knight.  I don’t want to kill him.  You want to take a crack at persuading him to leave us alone?”

Dean took a deep breath and straightened his clothes.  “I’ll try.”  He walked out and stared at the knight on horseback.  He was extremely handsome, beautiful blue eyes, and clearly brave.  “Sir Knight!  A word, if you please.”

The knight looked down, and his mouth fell open.  “Dean Winchester?  You live!”

“Yes, I live.  Cain – the dragon in this cave – doesn’t want trouble with the village at all.  He doesn’t want sacrifices or worship or anything like that.  He just wants to be left alone.  What will it take to convince you to leave here without a fight?”

“I cannot, Dean.  I’m sorry, but I swore an oath to Mayor Crowley to rid the town of the dragon that plagues it.”  The knight looked genuinely regretful.

“Cain’s not plaguing the town!  He’s just living up here peacefully in a cave, outside the borders of the town.  There’s gotta be something we can do to convince you.  Come inside the cave, take your pick of the treasure, go to Crowley and tell him that the dragon is gone but as he was dying he laid a curse on the cave, they’ll have no trouble with dragons and I don’t lose my love.”

“Your love?  And does this… creature… love you?”

“He’s not a creature, really.”  Dean explained about the curse.

Castiel dismounted and walked into the cave.  “Cain.”

“Sir Castiel.  I was afraid that was you.  Dean, I’m sorry, but Castiel is one of the good knights.  He takes his oaths seriously.  If he swore an oath to kill me, then we have to fight.”

“Wait.  Cain.  What, exactly, was Lucifer’s end of the deal?  You accept his curse, and…”

“And he stops trying to corrupt Abel.”

“Was that the specific phrase used?”

Cain closed his eyes.  “Does it matter?”

“Yes.  It matters a great deal.”

“I accept the mark of Lucifer, the curse to be given to me and my descendants from now until the end of time, and in exchange, Lucifer will no longer influence my brother’s life.”

Castiel smirked.  “Then I need not kill you to fulfill my oath.  Cain, as soon as you were gone, Lucifer killed Abel.”

Cain let out a roar at the top of his lungs.  Dean covered his ears and closed his eyes, trying to avoid Cain’s rage.  A hand on his shoulder caused him to look up.  There was no dragon in the cave; only himself, Castiel, and another