s shifted and changed in his absence. But he can't unknow what he knows.

Deanna swings the car abruptly, pulling off onto the shoulder and shutting off the engine. They both sit there motionless for a few minutes, listening to the faint pings as the engine cools.

Finally Deanna turns to him. "Okay. I get why you're freaked, Sam. I do. And I'm sorry I turned up like this without telling you. But you were the one who left, man."

"I was just going to college," Sam objects. "Dad was the one who said if I was going I should stay gone."

"Yeah, well." Deanna doesn't need to voice the rebuke.

"How could you not tell me?" Sam sounds young even to himself, plaintive. "You could have come to me."

"Could I," Deanna says, flat enough that it's not quite a question. "You were living your life, Sam, and I... I haven't changed, you get that, right?"

Sam looks at the firm line of her mouth and the shadow of stubble above it, the familiar warring with the unfamiliar. It feels wrong, like a crown in place of a missing tooth. But he'd be lying if he said he'd ever thought his sister loved being a girl. "You're still a jackass," he says shakily.

Deanna snorts. "You love it." She starts the car, and slots a tape into the cassette player. AC/DC blasts from the speakers.

"And your taste in music still sucks," Sam tells her.

"Driver picks the music," Deanna tells him. "Shotgun shuts his cakehole."

She smirks at Sam and turns the music up, and Sam knows they're done talking for now.

"Federal Marshals," Deanna says, nudging Sam to show his badge.

The sheriff scrutinizes them both suspiciously, but all he says is, "You two are a little young for Marshals, aren't you?" and Sam realizes that it hasn't even crossed the man's mind that he's seeing anything other than two guys. Which shouldn't be surprising - they were mistaken for brothers plenty of times when they were younger - but it's still a little weird and unsettling.

"Thanks, that's awfully kind of you," Deanna says smoothly, and launches into questions about the investigation. Predictably, the police have turned up precisely nothing that's of any use - however much Sam might wish it was otherwise, this is their sort of gig through and through.

Questioning the girls in town, it's the same deal: no one blinks an eyelid when they introduce themselves as Sam and Dean, and all the details point to the kind of urban legend that really does kill. Asking questions and doing the research feels normal, and Sam can feel himself falling into the routine, as if "Dean" has always been one half of the team. Which he guesses is true, in a way, even if whenever he looks over he still sees his sister, the person who made his meals and patched up his cuts and scrapes, and did all the other things that their mom should have been there to do.

Or the things that their dad should have been doing, but despite everything they're turning up, there's absolutely nothing which gives them a lead on Dad.

"We'll keep digging until we find him," Deanna says, like they have all the time in the world. "Might take a while."

"I told you," Sam objects, "I've gotta get back by Monday - "

"Monday. Right." The deeper dark in the shadow of the bridge isn't enough to conceal Deanna's glower. "The interview."

"Yeah." Sam doesn't offer any apology, because he promised Jess he would be back in time, and he knows he didn't leave Deanna under any illusions about how big a deal the interview is.

"Yeah, I forgot," Deanna says insincerely. She looks scornful. "You're really serious about this, aren't you? You think you're just going to become some lawyer? Marry your girl?"

"Maybe." Sam can feel the uneasy truce between them evaporating. He's worked hard to build the life he has, damnit. "Why not?"

"Does Jessica know the truth about you?" The question sounds almost careless, but Sam knows that it's not. "I mean, does she know about the things you've done?"

Sam doesn't equivocate. "No, and she's not ever going to know."

"Well, that's healthy," Deanna scoffs. "You can pretend all you want, Sammy. But sooner or later you're going to have to face up to who you really are."

Sam's actually speechless for a moment, too shocked and angry to respond. He knows in his heart that the reason it's such