.

After deciding there wasn't really much he wanted to do and knowing he had to be up early for work anyway, Sam burrowed under the covers and turned off the light, hoping that by tomorrow the gnawing ache in his chest would have disappeared.

Business at the coffee house was as slow as cold molasses the next day. There were a few customers between nine and ten in the morning, mostly kids who had traveled to the U.S. from India or China to attend college and couldn't afford to fly home for Christmas, but otherwise it was pretty much dead. That left Sam with a lot of free time, which he tried to fill by cleaning, sweeping under tables, organizing and restocking the shelves, and eventually just doing crossword puzzles in the newspaper. Once, he even tried calling Dean, but his phone dropped the call as soon as he tried. Of course.

Even with all of that, though, it was still a long, boring morning, and by three o'clock that afternoon he was ready to pull the radio speakers out of the wall so he wouldn't have to hear "I'll Be Home for Christmas" or "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" one more time. The skies had also darkened and clouded over, a light snow falling and dusting the roofs and streets so it looked like they were sprinkled with powdered sugar. It was like everything was suddenly out to remind him of the fact that he had no home to go to for Christmas, and no family to celebrate it with. And honestly, it was really starting to bring him down.

By three-thirty Sal decided to close up shop, seeing as they hadn't had a single customer in hours and he had his own family at home to spend Christmas Eve with. He walked Sam out and gave him a friendly clap on the shoulder, waiting for the younger man to shrug into his coat for the walk back across the campus to his dorm.

"Have a merry Christmas, Sam," he said, turning the key in the deadbolt and tugging on the front door to make sure it was securely locked.

"You too, Sal."

The two parted ways, and Sam headed back to his room alone. There wasn't a single other person to be seen on the sidewalks; everyone else was already gone, home with their families or gathered with their friends in their dorm rooms to celebrate Christmas Eve. Even the parking lots looked deserted, only the odd car breaking up the flat whiteness here and there. By the time he made it back to the fifth floor of his building and unlocked the door, Sam was pretty sure this was the lowest he'd felt since he'd come to this school.

He took a quick shower, only taking enough time to cleanse himself of the sweat and grime that came with working around steam and food all day, and then settled down on his bed to watch "A Christmas Story" on twenty-four hour replay. It was a classic, one he and Dean had watched every Christmas as long as they lived together, and it brought up a lot of bittersweet memories.

The most vivid, and the funniest by far, was the Christmas when he was five and tried to go outside and lick the Impala's passenger door while Dad was out and Dean was busy; he'd seen it in the movie and thought it looked fun. Needless to say, he'd ended up having about as much fun as the kid in the movie who licked the frozen telephone pole, and he got just as stuck.

But Dean had soon heard his cries of distress and hurriedly heated up some water to help pry him loose, being a lot more careful not to cause him pain than any other nine-year-old would have. And then Dean had even gone out and gotten him his favorite flavor of ice cream to help numb the pain in his tongue, a treat Sam always begged for but they rarely had enough money to buy. All in all, it had been a great Christmas, and it was still one of his favorite memories of his family.

Feeling inspired by the joyful memory, he picked up his cell phone, quickly dialing his brother's number and waiting while it rang. But after only two rings, the dial tone stopped, and then to his dismay he heard: "The number you have reached is no longer in service. If you believe you have received this message in error, please try again."

Sam didn't realize he was crying until the first tear dripped onto the back of his hand, and then all of a sudden he couldn't seem to stop. He put his face in his hands, silently berating himself as the realization that he'd essentially shut Dean out of his life as well as John hit him full force. He had no doubt he'd hurt his brother when he left for Stanford, but he hadn't been able to let himself care at the time; all that mattered was getting away from the hunting life. But then he'd never