his nails, brooding or something. "What if we get sick?"

"You allergic to mold, Sammy?"

"Shut up, I mean, what if we catch the curse too? Or whatever. We'll be in the house, it could get us. Like that poltergeist in Lawrence.

"We'll be fine. Only kids and old people have died, and Crystal's been there a couple weeks with a cold. Look at us!" Dean swings a hand over to thump Sam's chest, and Sam jerks away ineffectively. "Well, you could use a little more muscle."

Sam grumbles something like "brains over brawn", rubbing his chest. "Come on, like that actually hurt," Dean says, and Sam stops, holding his hand there, looks at Dean, but Dean doesn't look back, he's keeping his eyes on the road, and he isn't thinking about Sam's hand where his was, pressing over his heart.

-

They take the next day to gather house-cleaning supplies, so to speak. Dean's got the number of a girl a few towns over who carries the stuff to make poltergeist bags and spirit-cleansing concoctions. He flirts with her by rote but she's got eyes for Sam, which is hilarious. He'd accuse the woman of robbing the cradle if Sam weren't so oblivious about it all. Crystal said she and her daughter were in fact leaving town that evening, so they spend the rest of the day stuffing sachets in the motel room, passing a bottle of tequila back and forth. They pack everything up, planning on squatting at Crystal's while the job goes down, partly to keep an eye on everything but really mostly to save money on the motel room.

Bright and early the next morning, they get up with the sun. Dean slept restless and over-alert all night, and figured he wasn't the only one judging by all Sam's tossing and turning. Six o'clock, they roll out to get coffee; six thirty and they're surreptitiously unloading the trunk, wary of any morning joggers who might spot their gun and knife collection. Salt, anti-poltergeist bags, everything they can think to purify the house itself. Crystal's left them a spare key under the mat, and they let themselves in, easy as any professionals. Sure beats picking locks, and they've got a fridge for their beers. Sweet job, if you don't count the haunted part.

Splitting up the job of locking down the house, they work on opposite ends to be thorough, so it's an hour or so of silence before they're finished laying down salt along every window and in the corners. Dean whistles Metallica. Sam tells him to quit it once he's in earshot, and they're both salting the living room. Dean finishes the song and stops. The run-through with the EMF goes just as uneventfully, and Dean's starting to wonder if they've got any case at all here, but then he thinks of Crystal's sick look, and her young girl, and Sam's assurances that they'd find something. They'll find something.

"Well, you wanna start punching holes in walls to check for ghost mold?" Dean's leaning against the kitchen counter with a glass of water while Sam flips through his notes from Missouri on purifying houses and detecting spirits and poltergeists.

"Ghost mold." Sam huffs and blows his bangs up off his forehead. Dean would tell him it's an adorable habit, but he doesn't feel like getting hit just now. "If we're going to put holes in her walls you're going to have to patch them back up. We're hunters, not exterminators."

"Speak for yourself. I've done a little drywall work in my day. I've worked honest jobs."

Sam laughs, a real laugh, and Dean finds himself smiling along with even though by all rights he should be protesting.

That's the easy part, though. After a while of poking around for ghosts or mold or anything particularly haunted-looking, they have to look under the house, get down in the crawlspace to see if they've gone and built over some Indian burial grounds or monster's lair. Sam thinks it could be a weak haunting, the spirit diffusing its malaise over the household, but he admits it's all speculation from here. Getting out the shovels and holding the guns close, they don't talk, still tired. As Sam said, if he can't sleep he can't sleep, and Dean won't tell Sam he'll take more of the work on because of it, because Dean will take more on, and he won't give Sam any chances to argue.

"This sucks," Dean says, emerging from under the house. "Digging graves is one thing. Digging tunnels is..."

Sam agrees with a jerk