quickly faded when he saw that Castiel was serious.  “I can’t fix that, Cassie.  He’s too broke.”

“Fix.  HIM!”  Castiel walked right up to the archangel, standing nose to nose, although he had to lift off his heels to do it.

Gabriel gave his brother a hard shove, which sent the little boy falling back on his butt.  “Get out of my face, Cry Baby!”

“Hey!” Dean’s voice rumbled through the kitchen, which made Gabriel look at him guiltily.  He grumbled out a “Sorry” and then added, “Cassie, I can’t.  His arm’s too broke.  I would if I could, but I can’t.”

“Liar!” Castiel raged as he scrambled to his feet and started swinging.  Gabriel shoved him hard again, this time causing his little brother to hit the table.  The whisky bottle fell over and splashed some amber liquid into Dean’s open wound.  The resulting scream was followed quickly by a stream of cussing.

“Alright y’damn idgits, get out of here!” Bobby grabbed Gabriel by the elbow and made a move to grab Castiel the same way, however the tiny angel was too quick and rushed back to Dean’s side.

Sam held up his hand as Bobby made another move for Castiel.  “Balthazar, how ‘bout you and Gabriel go find something to do, OK?”

“Right then.  Gabriel, let’s go.  Cassie?”  Castiel shook his head, refusing to look back at his brothers.  Balthazar gave his older brother a slight shove and followed him out of the kitchen.

Dean sucked in breath as Sam and Bobby started treating his arm.  Through clenched teeth he said, “Cas, go on with your brothers ‘K?  This ain’t nothing you need to see or hear.  Please.  I’ll be fine and you’re just gonna be more upset if you stay.”

“No Dean.  I’m staying.  I’ll be quiet.  I promise.” Dean let out another stifled scream and Castiel sank to the floor, wrapping his way-too-big trenchcoat around his arms like the security blanket it was.  Slowly, he maneuvered himself between Dean’s legs and sat with his hands over his ears.  He hated hearing Dean’s cries of pain, but there was no way he was going to leave him either.

It actually helped Dean to focus on the feeling of Cas’s wings twitching against the back of his knees, instead of the surgery Sam was performing.  Between the whisky and the local anesthetic Sam had given him, the edge was off the worst of the pain, though he could still feel the tugging of thread through skin.  Dean patted soft dark brown hair with his right hand as the tiny angel heaved quiet sobs against his calf.



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Two hours later, with his bicep in bandages and his whole arm wrapped tight across his torso, Dean leaned down to gently nudge the sleeping pile of angel, coat, and feathers at his feet.  “C’mon Cas, time for bed kiddo.”

Sleepily, Castiel fluttered his eyes up at Dean.  “Where am I?” asked the angel.  Then he saw Dean’s arm and his eyes widened with memory.  “Are you fixed now?”  

“More or less, little guy.  Let’s go.  Bedtime.”  With his good arm, Dean lifted Castiel up under the armpit and helped the kid stand as he untangled himself from his huge trenchcoat.

Once they got upstairs to the skinny door that led up a narrow staircase to Bobby’s attic, where the angles had made their nest, Castiel hesitated.

“Can’t I sleep with you tonight?  You might need me.  I could get you water ‘n stuff.”

“You gotta sleep in your own space, Cas.”  He wiggled his fingers.  “See?  Still got one good arm.  I’ll be fine.  Nighters, Little Dude.” Dean mussed Cas’ hair and smiled at him.

“Nighters.” Castiel said, giving Dean one more quick hug before ascending the stairs.



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

“Cas?  What are you doing here?”  He glanced at the clock. “It’s 2am.  Why are you even awake?”

Without turning around, Castiel said, “Just because I’m in a kid's body doesn’t mean I have to sleep like one.”  In that moment, he almost sounded like the normal Cas, except that his voice was much higher pitched.

“OK.  But I do.  Well, I sleep like a man, but still, I have to sleep.”  Dean shifted his hips more towards the center, giving Cas some more room to sit on the edge of the bed.

“Go ahead.  You’re not bothering me.”  Castiel was looking at him now with the same quizzical look that the older Cas would get whenever he didn’t understand what Dean was saying.

“I can’t sleep with you just sitting there Cas.  Even in your grown-up form it was hard to sleep with you in a