get another one, or whatever else you want.”  Balthazar clapped a hand on Sam’s shoulder.  “I should head out, but if you need anything, call.”

Castiel brought Sam a bottle of water.  “Why did you compare this to a nightmare?”

“Because I saw something.  A little girl, a baby, and there was a fire.  It had to be a dream, because her mom was on the ceiling, burning and dripping blood.  I just don’t get why I’d be having nightmares while I’m wide awake, you know?”  Sam took a long drink of water.  “I’m sorry to have scared you.”

“It could have been much worse.  I’m glad you’re okay.  Do you want me to take you home?”  Sam was conflicted.  On the one hand, he had a feeling that he should probably get some rest, but on the other hand, just how many chances was he going to get to see Angel Headquarters?  Castiel seemed to sense his conflict.  “Of course I’ll bring you back later, next time you need to get out of the house.  Whether you stay today or not.”

“Thanks.  In that case, I should probably get home.  Dean kind of has this sixth sense when it comes to weird things happening to me, so he’s probably…”  Sam’s phone rang, playing Led Zeppelin.  “Dean, I’m fine, you can relax.”

“You still at HQ with Cas?”

“Yes.  I had some kind of seizure or something, so Castiel’s bringing me home, but I’m fine.  Really.”

“Yeah.  You’re awesome.  You just had a seizure out of nowhere, but sure, you’re just peachy.”

Sam laughed silently.  “It was like my nightmares, Dean.  Just happening when I’m awake.  Castiel had a medic check me out, you know I’ve never suffered much long-term side effects from them, I am fine.”

“Whatever.  Bitch.  Just get home so I can keep an eye on you and make sure.”

“Jerk.  See you soon.”  Sam hung up and smiled at Castiel.  “I love my brother, but he’s kind of smothering sometimes.”

Castiel discovers something in mission reports and comes up with a theory.

A couple days later, Castiel was reading mission reports to kill time before mail delivery.  Sam was coming back to the compound today, unless an emergency situation came up, after he’d read the latest threat.  Ezekiel had arranged for a Quidditch scrimmage for Sam to watch and report, and would use the response to the article to determine whether there was enough interest in a public exhibition.  They would finish the tour, Sam would join the Angels for dinner.  And then it would almost certainly not go the direction Balthazar insisted it would and Castiel couldn’t stop thinking about, because Balthazar was a terrible person.

Castiel had always been a fairly good multitasker, letting the fantasy play in the back of his mind while he read the tedious mission reports.  But Hester and Inias’s report of their trip to Tennessee made him focus.  He reread it, printed it out, and took it to them to ask more questions.  Then he called Sam.  “Sam, can I ask some questions about your nightmare the other day?”

“Um, sure.  Give me a second.”  There was some rustling and sounds of things being moved around, and then Sam was back.  “Okay.  Go ahead.”

“You said you were sure it was a dream because of the way the woman died, correct?”

“Yeah, pinned to the ceiling while on fire and bleeding from a belly cut.  Why?”

“And there was a baby girl?  Do you have any idea how old the girl was?”

“Not really, I don’t really have a good feel for baby development, all I can really tell you is that she was well beyond the newborn stage but nowhere close to being a toddler.  Five to six months, maybe?”

“Sam, I’m looking at a report from a mission last night.  Two Angels were in Tennessee, and there was a fire.  They were able to save the man and his six-month-old daughter, but they couldn’t save the woman.  By the time they could reach her, she was dead.  They’re not certain whether she burned, died of smoke inhalation, or bled out from the cut across her stomach, that’s a job for the full autopsy.  But they do specifically mention that there was an outline of ash and soot on the ceiling, and the blood pattern indicated dripping from the ceiling, and postmortem bruising consistent with a fall from that height.”

“So… just like I saw in my dream, or vision, or whatever you want to call it?  That’s really weird, Castiel.”

“It is.  You said you’ve had extremely vivid nightmares before?  Do you remember any of them?”

Sam laughed.  “