orange as the bells sang in reply. “You peed on my toothbrush this morning?!” Sam said in disbelief, causing a passerby to skirt widely around him as he talked to his own fist. “You better be kidding or I’m trapping you under a water glass when I go to sleep tonight.” 

                                                ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Upon reaching the diner, Sam debated carefully on where to sit. If he chose a dark corner to keep his brother out of sight, Dean would stand out like a thermonuclear nightlight, but if he chose a more open booth, someone would surely notice the atomic firefly dancing around the table top. Hesitating for a moment, Sam settled on the corner booth at the window, where the early morning sun made sitting slightly uncomfortable from the bright glare on the glass. If anyone saw Dean, they just might think he was a shard of light reflecting off the silverware rather than a pain-in-the-ass pixie.

A sullen waitress wandered by, depositing a small glass of water and leaving again before Sam could even think about giving his order. He blinked in slow surprise at her amazing disappearing act, wondering at her burst of speed to get away from the customers and her glacial pace to approach.

With a shrug he pulled the small glass closer, rifling through the condiments to find the sugar shaker. “Okay, Dean. Not sure how much you need so just warn me when to stop,” Sam murmured while trying not to move his lips.

He began pouring a thin stream of sugar into the water, casually stirring the white powder into a thickening cloudy swirl. Dean bobbled his way out of Sam’s pocket and danced around his fingers, tinkling encouragingly as he bounced on the back of Sam’s hand, urging him to add more.

Sam kept pouring until the sugar refused to dissolve any further and collected in a small mountain of ooze at the bottom of the glass. At that point, Dean spiraled his way down Sam’s finger, skimming over the surface of the water like a junebug.

He heard the waitress slogging her way nearer and cocooned Dean’s spastic brightness under the shelter of his large hands, tucking the glass closer to his body. She frowned at him absently, more from displeasure at working this crap job than any reaction to Sam in particular, he was sure, but it still made him feel oddly guilty. “I’ll have a Denver omelet, hash browns and some orange juice, please,” Sam asked politely, offering her a stilted smile to urge her on her way.

Once she was gone, Sam grabbed containers of sugar packets, mostly artificial sweeteners unfortunately, from the nearby tables and scrounged out every packet of cane sugar he could find, stuffing them in his pockets for later. When the waitress brought his breakfast, she arched a weary eyebrow at the dozen or so porcelain containers that now decorated the table next to Sam, leaving him with a baleful glare as she collected them to refill behind the counter.

Dean jingled from inside his water glass, the sound echoing hollowly, and Sam shook his head in polite disagreement. “We’re still going to leave her a tip, Dean.” 

                                                      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There was a minor problem when Sam was finished eating – Dean was nowhere to be found. He’d been busily dive-bombing Sam’s plate like an overeager horsefly while Sam ate and for one brief moment, Sam feared he had swallowed his own brother. Before he could even think, his tongue hesitantly ran along his teeth, digging into the nooks and crannies as he began to stir the dregs of sugar at the bottom of Dean’s water glass, now worried his brother may have inadvertently drowned going back for another drink.

After checking the most logical places for Dean’s pixified corpse, Sam looked to the next place he might find the neon spark that was his brother, swirling somewhere around the knees of the twenty-something waitress serving a couple of tables away. Dean hadn’t let Sam hear the end of that once he’d discovered Sam had sat in the corner of the restaurant served by the bionically-slow, elderly woman, when there was a pretty college girl available to bring them pancakes and assorted syrups at a fast clip – useful later, should the mood strike, and with Dean it always did.

Sam had pretended not to know the firefly buzzing under the woman’s skirt, and most certainly did not laugh when she had seen the flying glow around her ankles and nearly stepped on Dean with a muffled squeak that sounded suspiciously like the word cockroach, before the elder waitress gave her a warning glare that quieted her immediately. Dean had come floating back like a dismayed dust mote, glowing a dim vomit green as he tried to recollect his dignity.

Sam hadn’t told him he’d deserved it.

A tiny trill drew his attention to the napkin dispenser and Sam shoved it aside to find Dean curled up in a ball, fast asleep and snoring almost inaudible bell-like whistles. The awesome amount of sugar Dean had ingested for breakfast had put him into a sort of hibernation mode as his body processed what he’