away. Dean grabs your hips pulling your back until your bare ass touched the front of his jeans. You gasped feeling a large lump pressing against you through the fabric.

"Why are you doing this?" You cry again trying to get away, but his legs pinned you to the foot of the  mattress bent over. His hand moved along your butt cheeks until you heard a zipper being undone.

"I keep having dreams about your tight little ass so I figured I should try it out." He says as he tugged his jeans down his legs. You felt his hot skin press against your legs and ass.



"This can't be happening." You panic trying to crawl away with aching arms. One of Dean's large hand held you hip in place while his other hand moved his penis to press against your butt crack.

"Such a nice ass you have grown into. So round and fuckable." Dean chuckles rubbing his shaft side to side on your butt. You struggle wildly sobbing and begging for him to stop.

You hear a loud thud down stairs followed by pounding foot steps up the stairs.

"______!" Sam yells before you hear a loud bang. You glance over your shoulder to see Sam breathing heavily. He went into acting grabbing Dean from behind and wrapping his arms around the demon. He managed to pull Dean away from you letting you escape.

"Bad move." Dean growled as the door was swung shut Sam thrown against it a second later. He was spread eagle on the door a foot off the ground with a pained face.
"You should have just stayed away Sammy." Dean growled.

You manage to get your legs into the bed your ass still naked. You climb into the middle trying to get to the gun in your bed side table when your whole body was frozen. You tried to move willing your arms to inch forward with no control. You remain stuck with your bare ass in the air for Sam and Dean to see.

"Nice view isn't it? You see that round perfect ass? I'm about to own that ass." Dean moaned climbing onto the bed behind you. His penis head touched your crack making tears start running down your cheeks.

"Please Dean stop! I'm begging you just leave her alone!" Sam yells his voice cracking from desperation. Dean instead grabbed both your ass cheeks spreading them out. You sob again feeling him press against your anal rim.

"You ready ______." Dean asks teasing you before tearing your ass around him. The pain was blinding almost making you pass out and he wasn't even in half way. "Just breath. It's going to get a lot worse." He chuckled pushing all the way inside with out stopping.

You scream so loud your throat hurt. Dean wrapped a hand around your neck cutting off the ear shattering sound. You gasp needing air as his balls slap against your pussy. He groans pulling out a few inches to ram back inside only blood for lube.

"Even tighter than I dreamed." He whispered pulling now half way out. Your body was screaming in agony with every thrust. Your eyes were blurry with tears as your ass was ripped apart by your brothers thick shaft.

"Please stop." You chock out through sobs your hand and knees still forced in the same spot. The hand on your neck tightened blocking off all air flow.

He bucked harder ignoring the sound of you suffocating. He was like an animal fucking your bleeding ass. The hand on your throat moved to your hair. Making your back arch allowing his deeper inside of you. You gasped sucking in air greedily not realizing your arms had collapsed.



"Lets show Sam how well your ass takes my cock." Dean growled snapping loudly in your ear.



You felt like you were floating on air the pain still there, but you could feel or touch anything. Suddenly instant pain forced a scream from your mouth. You blinked now able to see Sam's pained and bloody face. He looked like he has been fighting tooth and nail just to try and save you.

"I'm so sorry." Sam mouthed as blood rain down the side of his mouth. You gasped being forced up and back down on Dean's cock. You could finally feel how you were positioned.

Your knees were on either side of Dean's thighs your back facing him. Your body was still covered by the gown, but your arms were chained to the ceiling. Dean's hands were on your hips forcing your body to ride his thick shaft. He pulled you flush with his hips before moving his hands up to grab the neck line of your gown.

"Please don't!" You beg as the sound of frantic ripping filled the dim room. Sam's eyes widened in shame before he turned away trying to keep his eyes closed. Dean ripped it all the way to the bottom they ripped each arm sleeve leaving you completely naked. 



"Look this nice pair of tits Sammy." Dean moaned his hand were back on your hips rolling them against his. Your ass was throbbing in agony every small movement was