’t seem worried about it, so Sam tried not to.

When that subtle celestial blue tinge to everything became permanent, that should have been a sign to him.  It wasn’t.  He didn’t realize what was going on until Crowley was in his head, telling him about the angel Dean had let possess him.  Sam had a million questions about this whole thing, but they could all wait.  The first thing was he needed Crowley and Gadreel out of what was supposed to be his head, his body.

Castiel was there, and an angel again.  God, how much had Sam missed over the last few months?  How long had Castiel been an angel?

Dean walked out, and Sam didn’t try to stop him.  He needed the time away from Dean.  He assumed Castiel would go with Dean, or go deal with the angel problems that had driven him to steal another angel’s grace, but Castiel stayed with him.  He explained it as Sam needing healing from the forcible removal of Gadreel.

Sam didn’t like Castiel using grace on him, not if there was a chance it could kill him.  Castiel said he was being careful, but he also admitted he didn’t know how long this would last or what would happen if his grace burned out before Sam was healed.

“Cas?  Can I ask you something?”

“Technically, you just did.”

Sam chuckled.  He deserved that.  “After April, why did you leave?”

“Dean said it wasn’t safe if I stayed.  The angels would track me here, and cause trouble for us all.”

Sam’s fists clenched, and he forced himself to relax them.  “That’s bullshit, Cas.  The only reason we didn’t lock this place down against angels is because that would lock you out too.  If you were human, there’d be nothing to stop us.  Where could possibly be safer for you?”

“Knowing what we do now, that it was Gadreel and not Ezekiel, I suspect Gadreel gave Dean a choice.  I left, or he would.  I don’t know what your state was at the time, but if Gadreel told Dean that you would not survive Gadreel’s departure…”

“Dean would have chosen to kick you out to protect me.  I’m so sorry, Cas.  I should have fought him harder.  Should’ve made him tell me the truth.  He said you left to protect us from the angels.”

“I have to say I’m a little surprised that no angels came hunting you down anyway.  What better way to draw me out than to attack you?”

“Yeah, that’s another thing that bugged me about it.  We’re stronger together.”

“Then why did you let Dean go?” Cas asked.

Sam sighed.  “Because… honestly, right now I’m so pissed at him I’m not sure he is safer with me than with Crowley or whoever else he’s gonna run into out there.  I’ll get over it, eventually.   It’ll help if he can acknowledge that what he did to me was wrong.”

 

After the angel-tracking spell failed, Sam took some time to think.  It must have been more time than he’d thought, because a worried Castiel came looking for him.  “Sam?”

“Cas.  Hey.  How are you feeling, after the emergency heal you had to do on me?”

“I’m… weak, but not terribly so.  I am in no more danger of dying anytime soon than I was before.  Even if I were, you can’t ask me to sit back and watch you die when I have the power to save you.  I can’t do it.”

Sam closed his book and looked up at his friend.  “Cas…”

Castiel held up a hand.  “I’m not going to go making stupid deals, but would you think even once before jumping in front of a bullet for your brother?”

“That wasn’t where I was going.  I just got thinking, and this is really, really weird and probably worthless, but you’d have a better chance of knowing anything about it than I do.”

“Oh.  What is it?”

“Angel possession leaves pieces of grace behind, right?  The grace bonds to the vessel somehow?”

“Right.  We just used that to try to find Gadreel.  I’m sorry it didn’t work.”

“Me too.  But see, I was thinking… back during the Apocalypse, I started researching Nephilim.”

“Sam, you know…”

“I know.  That was never a concern for us and if it had been we’d have done things differently.  But, see, we didn’t.  In order to get grace into the Nephilim, it has to be contained in your semen, doesn’t it?”

“Yes…”

“And I have had a lot of that in me over the last few years.  Is it possible that I have traces of your grace in me?”

“