Gabriel grabbed a bowl of jelly beans and popped a couple in his mouth.  “I’m just thinking him and Sam and you are going to be completely heartbroken when you’re pulled apart already, why not let it go another few months?”

“I invited Cas to come with us on Spring Break partly to see how he’d handle the road trip conditions,” Dean admitted.  “It’s a lot different.  Here, it’s easy to get away from each other when one of us is annoying another.  On the road, not so much.”

“And?”

“And I came here today to ask what you thought of us taking him for the summer.  We will get him back in time for school, I swear,” Dean said.  “I haven’t said anything to them to avoid getting their hopes up.”

“Well, it’s up to Cas.  I think he should go, but I won’t make him.  It might be best for him to use a fake name in case Michael has spies somewhere I don’t know about or is tracing his credit card,” Gabriel said.   “Let me know what you decide and I’ll set up whatever name you guys pick.”

“I might have an idea about that, no problem,” Dean said with a grin.

“Well then, that’s as decided as it can be without talking to others.”  Gabriel unwrapped a lollipop and offered one to Dean, who accepted.  “So that delays things until September.  Any chance your dad parks you here then?”

“Not likely, and even if he does, we’ll probably leave after a month or two, that’s just how Dad works,” Dean said.

“Hmm.  Think free, legal housing would make him consider letting you boys stay here?” Gabriel asked.

Dean blinked.  That sounded really good to him, but too good to be true.  “I don’t know, maybe.  Why, what are you thinking?”

“Anna’s leaving for college in August, so I’ll have an empty bedroom by the time you bring Cas back.  I’ll leave it to you boys to figure out who sleeps where, I’m not gonna interfere with you at all unless you ask.  Offer’s there, talk it over with the boys and your dad.  That can buy you until next June assuming things last till then,” Gabriel said.

Dean didn’t know what to say.  “That’s… Gabriel, that is really generous of you.  If we can get them through next summer, their relationship should be strong enough to handle the long-distance while Cas is at college and Sam’s still in high school.”

Gabriel took a few more jellybeans.  “Your dad first, or the boys, do you think?”

“The boys,” Dean said.  “At least for summer, because I really don’t care what Dad says about that one.”

 

Sam looked up from the notebook he was working in, smiling when he saw Dean.  “Hey, where’ve you been?”

Dean didn’t answer.  “Cas around?”

“Yeah, he’s…” The flush of the toilet made finishing that sentence unnecessary.

“You two in date mode?” Dean asked.

Sam gave him a weird look.  “Would I be out here if we were?”

“Just making sure,” Dean said.  “I need to talk to the two of you about something serious.”

Sam got up and went to the kitchen table.  He stopped with his hand on the back of a chair and narrowed his eyes suspiciously at Dean.  “If this is about the trouble at the track meet yesterday…”

“From the guy who skips class to make out in a broom closet?”  Dean laughed.  “Nah, Cas broke the district record, why shouldn’t you congratulate him?”  Cas came out, and Dean waved him over.  “I went to talk to Gabriel.  He’d been wanting to talk to me, too, and as it turns out, about the same thing.”

“What’s that?” Sam asked.

“Cas, you seemed happy enough on Spring Break.  Did you have fun?” Dean asked.

“Of course I did.”  Castiel tilted his head.  “What’s going on, Dean?”

Dean broke into a huge smile.  “Why June?”

Sam and Cas exchanged baffled looks.  “Because that’s when Dad’s going to uproot us?” Sam ventured.

“Yeah.  So we take Cas with us, bring him back in September.  You get about two and a half more months to be together, and in September, you’ll both have school to distract you from the pain of breaking up,” Dean said.

Sam and Cas stared at each other, both trying and failing to keep the look of hope off their faces.  “Do you think Dad will go for it?” Sam asked.

Dean shrugged.  “I think it’s not really up to Dad.  Can’t see why he’d get a