want better for you.

"...Cas?" Dean asked. "Yes?" The hunter hesitated before speaking. Just rip it off, like a band-aid. "Do you love me?"

There was a pause, the answer was surprisingly anti-climatic for something so uneasy. "Yes. Yes, I do."

Dean inhaled, closing his eyes. "How long?"

"Since I found you. Since I raised you from Hell." The hunter exhaled, and when he opened his eyes, he found the angel staring at him.

"Do you hate me for that?"

"What? No, of course not." More silence, a silence that stretched so long Dean could clearly hear the buzzing from the electricity emitted from the lamp before Cas spoke again.

"Do you...feel anything?"

"Can you say that again?"

"What, exactly?"

"What you said before. That you...love me. I want you to say it." 

Castiel gave a sad smile and said in a gentle voice, "I love you, Dean Winchester." The words touched a naked part of Dean that he rarely let be affected. If Sam was here, he'd be teased mercilessly. He swallowed, the spit dragging against his dry throat.

 "I love you too, Cas." 

It was quiet for a moment. The angel nodded gravely. "I understand," he said, and a smile creeped up at the corner of Dean's mouth. Dorky little guy. 

"Do you want me?" Dean asked.

 "Yes." Simple answer again, damn. For as much as Cas claimed his people skills were rusty, he could be blunt every once in a while. Dean caught Cas's eye, catching the ocean blues with his mossy greens. Lifting his hand up, he cupped the side of Cas's face, kissing gently, and it didn't take long for the angel to start the kiss back. Dean kissed him again, long and slow, the hunter slightly open-mouthed against Castiel's chaste replies. The angel reached up and palmed the back of the hunter's neck, pulling closer. Dean stepped forward, his body pinning Cas up against the wall; heat and the feeling of solid flesh up against him sending a twinge to his semi-hard cock, stiffening it like a taut rubber band. Breaking the kiss, he sucked his breath in from between his teeth when he felt the scrape of denim against the cotton dress pants. One bulge pressed against another. Well then. At least he didn't have to check if Cas was hard. A gasp came from the angel, a look of wonder and surprise on his face. He was still a...virgin, wasn't he? Yes, he must be, to react like that. Dean, watching him, placed his hands on the angel's hips, holding them in place. Castiel swallowed hard, and the hunter watched as his Adam's apple bobbed. Keeping his left hand on the angel's hip, Dean lifted his hand up and cupped Cas's jaw, leaning in and smacking wet kisses on him. Castiel pushed against Dean's lips, kissing him back. The hunter smiled to himself as he could feel the innocence slowly draining away from the angel. Silently, Dean dropped his hand from Cas's jaw and hooked his thumb underneath the buckle of Cas's belt, giving a sharp tug. The breath shut off in the angel's lungs. Dean chuckled.



***

Mercy, he was so close. Castiel trembled; he could feel the heat from both Dean's mouth and his thumb, both vying for his attention. The air was burning in his lungs. The only thing he could feel internally was the warming pull of oxygen and his heart pounding in his chest. It had happened so fast. He'd dreamed about this so many times, and it was finally happening; it was so much more intense than he'd managed to picture. His blurry thoughts were pierced by a sharp tug around his hips; his lungs shut off. He was afraid he'd cry out and ruin the moment. A low, dark chuckle sounded from the hunter's throat, and Dean moved his lips down to mouth at the angel's neck. Castiel closed his eyes, and the warmth of Dean's thumb shifted as the hunter moved his hand from the belt buckle to the solid swell. The angel heard a soft sound, and realized with a vague detachment that he had made it. All he could focus on was the pleasure; it blurred his other senses in waves of stroking fingers, blunt and warm and fuck, he thought, unable to form anything more that a simple thought. The sensation filled him, ran through him. "Please." The word was torn from him. Castiel didn't know what exactly he was begging for, only that he desperately needed it.



***

"Please." It was a whimper, so soft and gentle it stirred a long-dormant excitement deep within Dean, his stomach quaking. As