hazel eyes that seemed to sparkle with mirth above the friendly smile on his lips. His jaw was ever-so-slightly stubbled, as if he had just shaved it that morning and it was already coming back in. Most striking, though, was the long white coat covering most of his large frame, with the name "Dr. A. Cohen, OB/GYN" stitched just below the breast pocket.

"Hello," the man said kindly, extending his hand for Dean to shake. "I am Ahiel, one of the seventy angels of the childbed and a close personal friend of Castiel. More importantly, though, I am one of the few angels who was trained both as a healer in Heaven and a doctor on Earth, which I believe will prove beneficial when dealing with a pregnancy as unusual as this one. I will serve as Castiel's attending physician through the remainder of the pregnancy and delivery – if you're agreeable to it, of course."

"Wait, hold up!" Dean snapped, finally mustering enough control of his voice to speak again. "You're saying Cas really is pregnant? That's actually – that's possible?"

"It's very possible," Ahiel said nonchalantly, striding over to Castiel and pulling up his T-shirt so he could place his palm flat against his belly. "And based on the strength of the baby's grace, I'd guess he's about seven weeks along so far. But thankfully in this day and age, there's no need for guessing. Come with me to the infirmary – Castiel was kind enough to tell me where it was – and we can use some equipment I've brought from the hospital to get a better estimate."

"I… you're pregnant…" Dean whispered, staring at Castiel with wide eyes as if the angel had grown two extra arms. "We're gonna be parents… I'm gonna be… Holy shit, I think I need to lay down…"

And then in a moment of weakness he would deny forever afterward, his eyes rolled back in their sockets, and before Sam or Castiel could catch him he had fallen over like an old tree, landing on the floor in a crumpled heap.

Disclaimer: Supernatural and its characters are the property of Eric Kripke. I do not own any of the characters, barring any OCs, in this story.

A/N: I'm so sorry for putting this out two days late, everyone! I meant to have it up on September 3rd as scheduled, but I had a crazy school and work schedule this week, and on September 2nd I unfortunately had to have one of my two dogs put to sleep. I'm feeling much better now, but it was a sad thing to lose her and it was very hard for me to work up the motivation to write anything until today. I have posted a journal entry about her on my DeviantArt profile page (zanazira dot deviantart dot com) if you're interested in learning more.

On a happier note, though, this actually turned out to be the longest chapter I've written for this fic to date! In this chapter we're finally going to find out how this little miracle came to be, as well as Cas's due date, and after that the plot is really going to pick up. I have some cool plot twists planned for this fic, so I hope you'll keep sticking with me and enjoy the ride. :)

When Dean finally came to, it took him several moments to notice where he was, and to remember what had happened just a few minutes ago. But the second he realized he was in the bunker's infirmary, along with Sam (who for some reason had changed into a different shirt), Cas, Charlie, and the angel who called himself Ahiel, it all came flooding back. He stood so quickly from the chair he'd been sitting in that it nearly toppled over, giving himself a head rush and almost collapsing right back into it before Ahiel caught him under the arms and steadied him.

"Easy Dean, take a couple of deep breaths," Ahiel instructed calmly, waiting until he was satisfied that the hunter could stand steadily on his own feet before letting go of him. "We don't need you fainting again before we even get the ultrasound started."

"Didn't faint," Dean grumbled under his breath. "Girls faint."

"So, what, you just decided you suddenly needed a nap on the kitchen floor?" Sam asked with a raised eyebrow and the beginning of a smile trying to pull up one corner of his mouth.

"Shut up," Dean snapped half-heartedly. Right now he was too focused on what had happened right before he passed out to care that he was being teased. If what everyone was saying was true, then Cas was honest-to-God pregnant. And that was going to take some major explaining.

"So, is this really happening?" he asked softly, coming over to where Castiel was perched on the end