wavers in spite of herself. She doesn't know where Dean is, doesn't remember exactly what happened after they got back from Wandell's house and Sam disappeared into the bathroom to wash off layers of dirt and other people's blood, but none of the answers can be anything good.

Sam looks hurt. "I thought this was what you wanted."

His hand slides down her face, presses briefly and terrifyingly against her windpipe before slipping lower, cupping and squeezing her breast. "Isn't this what you wanted, Addie?" His voice is back to the sing-song croon. "Don't you want me to love you?"

Addie is frozen, blood rushing in her ears so she can hardly think. She should be trying to escape, working at her bonds to see where there's give, but all her attention is taken up by Sam. She can smell him, heavy scent of boy-sweat bleeding through the sharpness of motel shampoo. His hands burn where they touch her skin.

Sam leans closer, pressing his body against hers so she can feel the thick, heavy line of his cock. "Don't you want to be mine?"

"No," she manages to say, but she can feel her body making it a lie. It feels like it belongs to someone else, her cunt pooling hot and heavy while inside she's icy numb.

"Yeah, you do." Sam sounds satisfied, smug. "You've always been mine." He gives a short laugh and pulls away abruptly. "Isn't that right, Dean?"

There's a pained noise from the floor, and Addie can see Dean now, bound and gagged on the other side of the room. There's a bruise purpling on his cheek, and Addie guesses that Sam knocked him out.

"Yeah." Sam's on his feet now, pacing the room like it's too small to hold him. "Poor little Addie, missed Sammy so much she had to crawl into her big brother's bed. But you were always second-best, weren't you, Dean?"

Dean makes another strangled noise, fighting against his bonds, but there's evidently no give in them. Sam always was good at knots.

"Or maybe she's just like her mother," Sam muses. "Poor little Starla, so empty after our daddy took that demon out of her. 'Cause she missed it, didn't she, Dean? Missed it so bad she slit her own wrists."

Sam turns back to Addie, slides his hand between her legs. "It made her feel so good. You still trying to fill up that hole it left behind, little sister?"

"You're lying," Addie gets out. "The demon killed my mother."

"Nu-uh." Sam laughs mockingly. "You could say our daddy killed her, really, pulled that demon out of her so there was nothing left. But not before he took what he wanted, huh, Dean?"

Dean gives a kind of choking sob, and that's what snaps Addie back to herself. "You're not Sam."

"You've only just noticed?" He - it - laughs mockingly. "No wonder poor little Sammy feels like he doesn't fit in your cozy little family anymore. But then you've been praying for him to fuck you, haven't you? Maybe you prefer him like this."

He reaches down to caress her again, but Addie's already reciting the words of the exorcism.

Dean keeps them on the road for weeks, driving from hunt to hunt like they can outrun the whole fucked-up mess. Like that's ever worked for them before.

They don't talk about what happened.

Half the time Sam and Addie flinch away from each other, silently maneuvering to avoid sitting together in the car or in diner booths. Other times, Addie will meet Sam's eyes and they'll share a look of fellow feeling, communicating something Dean can't understand. Before, he would have taken that as a good sign. But not any more.

Addie still shares Dean's bed, but Sam's always there in the other bed, and they barely touch. Dean's not sure what Addie thinks about that.

They're in Ohio when Addie finally breaks the silence. Dean wakes to find her gone, and feels a moment of panic before he catches the telltale scent of smoke and sees her shadowy form outlined on the balcony. He pads out there to join her and accepts a cigarette he doesn't want.

"What it said, about my mother -" she begins.

"Demons lie," Dean interrupts her, the words scraping his throat.

"Not this one, though." Addie flings the words at him like a challenge.

"Not this one." It makes Dean heartsick to admit it. "But Addie -" He hesitates, struggling to find the right words.

"But what?" Addie flicks the butt of her cigarette viciously