?”

“Yes.  Hello, Ruby.”  Anna reached out to touch Ruby’s cheek.  “Thank you.”

Ruby pulled back.  This was an angel.  She wasn’t supposed to be nice to Ruby.  No one was nice to Ruby.  Not even Sam was nice to Ruby.  Not even Lilith.  “For what?”

“I’ve known Alastair for a very, very long time.  I know what he’s capable of, what you must have suffered to give me a chance to escape Uriel and Castiel.  I’m sorry.”

Ruby turned away.  “You’re an angel again.  What do you care what happens to a demon?”

“I was human for a blink of an eye, in the time scales you and I work on.  But so were you.  And unlike most demons, you remember it.”

Ruby shook her head.  “That was a lie.  I told Sam and Dean that so they’d believe me, so that Sam would do what he had to if he’s going to be able to gank Lilith, stop all this.”

“It wasn’t a lie.  You remember.”  Anna reached out, stroking Ruby’s cheek again, and the walls Ruby had built in her mind to let herself forget dropped.  She did remember what it was like to be human.  “We’re different from our kinds, Ruby.  We don’t have to let destiny rule us.  We can make our own choices, fight back.  We can stop this.  Lucifer stays caged, the angels go back to Heaven and leave Earth alone, the humans are okay.”

“You can’t honestly be that naïve.  Lilith is never going to back down unless she’s dead, and your side’s not backing down unless she does.”  Zachariah had contacted her only a week ago to discuss emergency strategies.  His guy Castiel was getting soft on the Winchesters, to the point where Zachariah was worried Castiel would rebel instead of doing his job and getting Dean away from Sam at the critical moment.

“So we kill Lilith.  Just not their way.  You know she’s the final seal, right?  So if we kill her early… the whole deal’s off.”

“Great.  One problem: Sam’s not listening to me.  He’s the only one who can do it, and he won’t do what he has to.”  Ruby shook her head.  “Anna, I’m sorry.”

“It doesn’t have to be Sam.  There are other ways to kill Lilith, Ruby.  Do you know a guy named Crowley?”

“Crowley?  He’s ambitious, but he’s not stupid.  He’d never move against Lilith and Lucifer.”  But even as she said the words, she wasn’t so sure.  Ruby had no interest in taking Lilith’s spot, ruling Hell while Lucifer was in the Cage, but Crowley… given half the chance, Crowley just might have the stones to not just take the throne to keep warm for Lucifer, but take it in his own name.  And if he happened to owe Ruby for his butt being there… “What do you have in mind?”

“Crowley has a gun.  Made by Samuel Colt.  With a very, very few exceptions, it can kill anything.  Lilith is a strong demon, but at the end of the day, she’s still just a demon.  Get that gun in Dean – or Sam – Winchester’s hands, they can end this tomorrow.”

Could it work?  Ruby knew exactly how well the Colt worked, having fixed it for the Winchesters.  “That’s what happened to the Colt?  I always wondered where it had gotten off to.  Look, I can’t… I can’t be the one to talk to Crowley.  Lilith thinks I’m loyal to her, so that I can keep tabs on her and tell Sam where to find her when she’s ready for him.  If this fails, I’m still useful… if you handle Crowley.  I can get you in to talk to him, but I can’t go with you.”

“Fair enough.”  Ruby breathed a sigh of relief.  “Ruby… thank you.”

“I need Sam on my side, which means keeping Dean on my side, which meant helping you.”

“You’re lying.  Again.”  Anna leaned in, kissing Ruby softly.  “If angels and demons can work together to destroy humans, and can work together to save them… why can’t they be friends?  Or more?”

“You’re an angel.  I’m a demon.  When you were human, maybe it could have worked…”

“You’re not like most demons.  And I’m definitely not like most angels.  We’re both closer to human than we are to our own kinds.”  Anna kissed Ruby again, this time letting her tongue slide into Ruby’s mouth.  Ruby couldn’t help kissing back, now.  This was ridiculous, and she would regret