s looking at his boots instead of meeting his eyes. They look worn but comfortably so, the way boots get after adjusting to the person's feet after a few years, the well-used way that means they're soft and flexible just in the right way, a little scrapped around the heel and toe but otherwise in good shape. Obviously cared for, but put to tests.

"No, wait, listen-" he starts, but she doesn't let him finish. Nothing he can say right now would make her feel any better. The damage had already been done.

"You replaced me!" she screams, and she hadn't meant to say that, hadn't meant to reveal so much, but Dean has always had that effect on her. Somehow, he's always managed to make her spill her secrets to him, to make her feel safe enough in his company to share what's on her mind. It's probably just what big brothers are, but to Sam Dean has always been more than that. A role model, a brother, a partner-in-crime. Her closest friend. Up until he up and disappeared, that is.

He lets go, because of course he lets go. He's a coward, he's a…

She struggles to draw in a breath, like someone's crushing her windpipe, and suddenly there's not enough air in the room, not enough space in her lungs for a deep inhale. She feels dizzy, and there's a sinking pit in her stomach. Nausea creeps in and the walls seem to close in on her all at once. The circle under her feet, under the carpet, doesn't feel so secure anymore.

She needs to sit down.

Dean catches her when she starts to wobble on her feet. She notes absentmindedly that his hands are warm, firm, and that he smells like something sharp, like how Dad smells after he comes back from the shooting range – once a week, like clockwork – or how Mom smells after she spends an afternoon wearing the leather jacket Dean had left behind when he'd left them. She still wears it around the house and sometimes even to work. She's just as tall as Dean had been, and though it's a little big around her shoulders – okay, a lot big – it fits her, in a strange, used-to-wear-these-all-the-time way.

With the help of her brother, she makes her way back to the bed – out of the circle, she notes absent-mindedly – and sits down slowly. The room is still spinning, her head still pounding and her breath still shallow and quick, but the presence of Dean so close to her does its magic and she slowly starts to feel like this dizzy blur of shock is fading.

Which leaves her sitting on her bed, with Dean's arms around her, the door still open, and the unnatural silence downstairs. She realizes her parents – and that boy – must have heard her, and flushes in deep embarrassment.

"Go away, Dean," she repeats the words in her note, the note Dean had ripped and crumpled and lay on her desk, her voice weak, no strength left. She feels exhausted.

"Sis…"

"Leave me alone."

"Okay, but would you come back downstairs?" he asks, sounding hopeful. She wants to cry again, but it feels like too much effort right now. She's really tired all of a sudden.

"No."

"Later?"

She purses her lips. She wants to say no, but she has to go downstairs eventually, to eat and go to school and talk to her parents. But she doesn't want to tell Dean that, doesn't want to give him that reassurance. She wants to be pitiful and childish and stomp her foot, saying she'll never go downstairs, stay in her room forever, maybe tie her lacy white window curtains and use them to sneak out the window to scavenger for food and water.

She keeps her mouth shut, waits Dean out. She has always been more stubborn than him, ever since they were children, she would give him the silent treatment while he would scream at her and curse and snap and throw insults and empty threats – as a young child, she hadn't realized they were empty, and had taken cover, hidden under his bed (god knew why she chose his bed rather than hers, probably because despite her fear she had always seen Dean as a protective figure, as someone safe whose room was safe and presence safe and just plain safe) and waiting for the storm to pass – and say things like "You're not Sam" and "I wish you'd never existed" and "I hate you".

She'd used to compare notes with her classmate Abigail, a redhead from a low socio-economic background and a smile that used to make the elastics on her early braces show their ever-changing colors proudly