. 

“What are you talking about Dean?” I ask looking at those black eyes on the page still making me uneasy after all this time. 

“Real devil’s minion's demons David. That’s why I could change my eyes black, I was a demon because of the F shape on my arms." He said seriously without even blinking. I looked down at the picture at the mark looking back up at Dean who had rolled up his plaid shirt showing me his now naked bare arm. I sat back in my seat the buzz making my head spin a little as I looked at the different looking people from the picture to the real Dean.

“What happened that made you change back to a normal human?” I ask curiosity outweighing my manners as the alcohol starts to affect me more.  

“I hurt someone that shouldn’t have been there.  I had lost control giving in to the mark and demon in my head. When it was all said and done the girl was in pretty bad shape.” Dean said his head swinging loosely. Maybe if I keep asking I could get a real answer. 

“What did you do?” I asked pouring us both more drinks. Dean sat up suddenly take a deep breath looking at me for a moment. 

“I was living in Texas right smack dab in the middle. There just happened to be a church trying to expand and on a day that I was really trying not to just go outside and literally rip people’s heads off a 13 year old girl selling bibles knocked on my door.” Dean said not looking at me, but yet I felt the heavy dread in his words.

 

*****FLASHBACK IN YOUR PERSPECTIVE******

You knock again the 5 bibles in your arms making you with one hip out to support them. You were in your best Sunday dress that had a that wasn’t white. It had no sleeves with a high neckline that covered your breast fully. The top was folded to give you a nice looking professional look. It was dark blue with white lines thin lines making squares all over it. The waist form fitting showing off you’re your still rounding teenage hips. The dress was shorter than your mother had wanted because it cut off just above your knee, but you wore pantyhose to make her more comfortable with it. You had your hair high in a ponytail to how off your bright face to the customer. You had sold 3 of your 8 Bibles this morning because of your positive attitude. 

“Yea?” You heard from inside the house a deep voice. 

“Hello, I’m from the Catholic Church on Main Street. I have bibles here for sale to help with the construction on the new fellowship hall. Would you be interested in buying one?” You ask looking up at the peephole feeling eyes on you. 

“Bibles?” The deep voice asked again sound upset. You get close trying to hear what he was saying. 

“Yes, sir. They are $5 for the large print of the new and old testament that way you can come to church with your own copy.” You say trying to sound happy about the heavy books in your hands. You heard a deep chuckle from inside of the house making you tense stepping back from the door as it opened. 

“Does that meant the church will not be providing any during services?” The tall man said with a raised eyebrow down at you. You gulped looking up into the handsome face of the stranger. His green eyes were cold starting down at you with lips formed into a smirk of cockiness. His hair was short combed over to the side neatly matching his nice looking long sleeve tight black shirt.

“We provide them there as well. People just like to have their own copies a lot of the time to write or highlight scripture.” You say trying not to look at his muscular chest. The man looked you over reading your name tag for a moment with a wider smirk. 

“Do you want to come inside for a moment set those other books down while you tell me more about your church.” The man offered stepping aside letting you look into the dark house. You gulped looking around for anyone else selling as well on this street seeing no one. 

“I don’t have all day ____ do you want to sell the book or not?” The man asked irritated. I smile tightly walking into the house looking around for somewhere to set up your books. The door shut behind you making your stomach tighten for some reason. You begin to turn around when all the book were taken from you by the man as he walked to the right into a living room with a coffee table and one couch in front of a fireplace. All the curtains were closed making the house dimmer than a normal home. He set them on the table while you sat down making sure to tuck your dress under your legs before crossing them. 

“Now like I said outside they are only $5 which is going to a go-.”

“Did I tell you to sit?” The man asked suddenly standing in front of you on the couch. You blink unsure what to say as you stand up