it."

"Alright, let me see."

"Wh… What?"

"Let me see your wing. Make it visible or whatever. I don't know a whole lot about angel healthcare, but I'll patch it up the best I can."

"That won't be necessary."

"Cas. We just talked about this." He was starting to get frustrated now. Why did Cas have to make even treating a minor injury as difficult as pulling teeth? Did all angels just live to make humans' lives more complicated than necessary? Actually, probably not; only the Winchesters seemed to be so lucky.

"I know, but I…" The angel's voice dropped to a barely audible level. "Please. I don't want you to see them."

"I'm sorry then, Cas," Dean answered, his own voice softening slightly when he realized that for some reason the angel looked truly embarrassed. "But it's gotta be done. Someone has to help you if your grace isn't patching this up for you, and I don't know a lot of other hunters or angels who will."

Castiel looked miserably up at Dean, almost as if he expected the hunter to ridicule him for something, and then nodded and allowed his wings to manifest behind him.

For a moment, Dean forgot how to breathe. He had seen the shadows of Castiel's wings last year, so he expected them to be impressive, but this took all of his expectations and blew them completely out of the water. The great black appendages were each almost three times as long as Castiel's body, sprouting from the middle of his back between his shoulder blades and extending out so far that they rested across both Dean and Sam's beds and bent against the walls of the room, drooping so low when relaxed that the tips brushed the floor. Shiny coal-colored feathers covered them from base to tips, sleek and soft and thick, and even in the motel room's dim lamplight Dean could make out a bluish sheen that made the wings resemble a raven's.

Awestruck and temporarily forgetting why he had asked Cas to reveal his wings in the first place, Dean stepped forward, stroking a hand down a long, ropey silver scar that ran down the inside edge of the left one. The silken feathers beneath his fingers, cool like water and yet completely dry, were unlike anything he'd ever felt before. The light touch immediately elicited a gasp of surprise from the angel, and then the wing seemed to twitch out of the hunter's reach of its own accord.

"Sorry," Dean muttered, coming back to himself when he saw how affronted Castiel looked. "Where's the cut?"

Cas gestured to the back side of his right wing, and Dean moved behind him and pulled out a small suture kit and a bottle of alcohol from the first aid kit, finding the angry four-inch-long "battle wound" Cas must have been referring to. It was just above the base of the wing, so close that had the enemy's aim been a little off they would have cut the skin of his back instead, and it was red and puckered in a way that meant it had been unattended for far too long. Dean sighed, knowing this was going to hurt, and reached his hand underneath the enormous appendage to pat Castiel's shoulder.

"I'm not gonna sugarcoat it, Cas – this is probably gonna hurt like a bitch. But I need you to hold your wing still, okay? I don't need you sending me flying into a wall or something while I'm trying to stitch this closed."

"Alright." Cas nodded and pulled his wing in close to his body, grabbing the outer edge as if to physically prevent it from flinching away, and straightened his posture. "I'm ready."

Dean did his best to be quick and painless, but he still saw the way Cas's entire body shuddered when he rubbed an alcohol-saturated cotton ball up and down the edges of the wound. He had thought it would be difficult to stitch through feathers, but luckily whatever had caused the injury had torn out the feathers around it too, so it was almost exactly like stitching up human skin. Castiel didn't make a sound, although he did grip onto the blanket so hard his knuckles were white, and by the time Dean finished putting in the last stitch he was visibly trembling.

"Alright, you're good," Dean said softly, watching with more than a little guilt as Castiel took a moment to bring his breathing under control – he didn't even need to breathe, so it was a little worrisome that he was in enough pain to warrant deep breathing like that – and then turned toward Dean with a curt nod.

"Thank you, Dean. It should heal very quickly now that the edges of the wound are sealed."

Even as he spoke, Dean saw the thin line of red flesh begin to glow, and before his eyes it sealed itself from one