blazing beside him to serve as his guide should the darkness ever take him.

When Sam was eight, his Dean was taken away – not far, about three feet from the fold away bed that was designated as Sam’s at every new motel, unless he was injured or sick or until he got too tall to be held comfortably on such a small piece of equipment. Then it was taking turns on the floor, just a touch further away from the steady puffs of breath that let him know his Dean was still close by, close enough to crawl next to should he need to - not that he would dare, not anymore – not even if both he and Dean slept better beside each other.

See, just as Sam had a Dean, Dean had a Sam. Even though Dean vaguely remembered there once was a world without a Sam, the world only really came into perfect focus after Sam came. Sam gave him a purpose – Sam made him something more than just Dean, Sam made him whole …a big brother, an idol, a God to something small and ineffectual. Dean was here because Sam needed him, so if there were no Sam, there would be no need for a Dean. These were thoughts that kept Dean up nights when he was younger, listening to the hummingbird heartbeat that was his little brother’s, cocooning that tiny body with his own to keep it safe and warm. Having a Sam was a lot of responsibility, but Dean couldn’t imagine things any other way.

Their names did nothing to delineate them in their own minds – where others heard the soft, slick susurration of Ssssam and the hard, defined D of Dean, all Sam and Dean heard was the absolute certainty of meyouus, an indefinable melding of pronouns that all led to the same conclusion. Neither one of them could explain it – how could they possibly clarify something so instinctive? Because there was a Sam there was a Dean, and because there was a Dean there was a Sam – two sides of the same coin, the yin and yang, a modern-day Janus. Dean was the extroverted Sam. Sam was the introverted Dean. If one was the other, was there really any difference?

Soon enough, they realized that others saw a difference. The others were wrong, of course, but when even Pastor Jim suggested to John that his boys were unhealthily absorbed in each other - that they seemed unable to differentiate between themselves in a way that bordered on pathological - the Dean that was Sam and the Sam that was Dean held a silent conversation consisting of nothing more than the flick of an eyelid and the brush of pudgy fingers across the back of a hand, debating the issue until they reached an unwelcome conclusion.

While they knew that Sam was Dean and Dean was Sam, others were not so enlightened. Others had to go through life existing in the terrifying loneliness of merely I, not the enveloping comfort of meyouus – that purifying baptism of brotherly breath and the sanctity of a sibling’s touch that blessed the Sam that was Dean and the Dean that was Sam for as long as either of them cared to remember. While those unlucky enough to live outside the shelter of the meyouus that defined their existence deserved their pity, they understood those on the outside could intervene, separating the Sam that was Dean from the Dean that was Sam. Somehow they knew this, and they knew it was wrong. However, they were children, all too aware of the lack of control they had over anything but each other in this world they lived in – a world where the supposedly never-ending constants of mother and father became as inconstant as the time of day.

So the Sam that was Dean and the Dean that was Sam took a step back and became just Sam and Dean, two half-things that to all outside eyes appeared a closer approximation to what was deemed ordinary, though ordinary was really never a word that seemed to fit.

Even years later, the brothers that had once been the Sam that was Dean and the Dean that was Sam subconsciously remembered a time when they had been more than just Sam and Dean; they intuitively remembered a time when meyouus was as sure as their next heartbeat, when every breath was savored for the scent of their other half that was only a hand-span away.

They sought that sanctuary in the only way they had available, trying to bind themselves in the physical world that had taken the warmth of the meyouus and left them in the horrible emptiness of just Sam and Dean. There was only one avenue left, and they hadn’t ever intended to take it – hadn’t ever needed to - but the quest for the piece that was missing led to its inevitable conclusion.

Sam had once known Dean’s touch as well as his own. When Sam had awakened, he was never sure if he were touching Dean or Dean were touching him - all that grounded him was that familiar sensation of skin on skin. Now it felt like the time before - that vague memory of being something more, something complete - and his fingers would dig in deeper to the curve of his