away from them. Sam’s grip tightened as he started to pound you into Dean. Dean pulled your hair watching how your face twisted in silent pain while his baby brother fucked you relentlessly. 

“So is soooo fuckin tight Dean.” Sam moaned starting to slow down not wanting to waste all his energy too quickly. 

“I bet you like this don’t you?” Dean asked petting your red sweaty cheek. You shook your head no violently in his lap. Dean laughed as Sam started to speed up again. 

“I can’t hear a no. Which means you must love it. Maybe Sam should go harder?” Dean suggested pulling your hair forcefully. You shake your head no so hard your eyes hurt while Sam fucked you harder. He was brutal pounding your entrance without any lubrication until he started to swell painfully larger. He pulled out letting the blood run down your leg before he shot his cum all over your ass and hole.  Sam moaned and grunted behind you after pumping his shaft a few more times. Thankfully your underwear had caught most of the cum, but you could still feel the blood leaking from you. 

“That was so pretty fucking sexy. Do you mind if I have a turn, Sam?” Dean asked with a lust filled voice.

“Be my guest.” Sam chuckled pulling away from you. Dean grabbed you forcefully throwing you to the ground not caring that you were shirtless. You shook your head no over and over while Dean grabbed either side of your underwear pulling it roughly to the side as far as it would stretch. The fabric ripped leaving you naked except your shoes. Dean stored the underwear in his back pocket before he forced your legs apart. He unzipped his jeans quickly pulling his rock-hard cock out. 

“Lucky for you I’m gonna cum quick tonight darlin.” Dean grinned sinking his member to the bottom of your cervix. You whimper lightly through your torn vocal cords. As Dean pulled out roughly tearing your walls apart with his massive dick head. 

“God, you are tight. So, fucking wet and needy like a bitch in heat.” Dean kept taunting you pounding your body into the dirty ally as you screamed silently into the night. Dean laughed at you pulling your legs high around his hips as he pumped in and out of you. He pulled out and back in with jerking thrusts keeping a quick painful rhythm. 

“Tell me to stop and I will.” Dean laughed watching you mouth the word several times while beating on his chest. He pushed further into you rubbing your cervix with each thrust.

“I can’t hear you darlin. Do you want me to go faster?” Dean mocked with a growl his dick spreading you widely. You shake your head no as your mind bounces from his thrusts. Your eyes hurt from all the tears leaking from your eyes. He moaned louder his legs pushing yours wider letting him rock deeply against your walls. 

“Can’t say we raped you if you never said no.” Dean moaned thrusting harder until his tip swelled like Sam had before. He gasped pounding a few more times before letting his seed spray all over your walls. You whimper on the ground still hitting him weakly as he pulls out. They laughed as they fixed their clothes taking your torn and dirty clothing and throwing it to the end of the ally away from you. 

“Try to be loud when you call for help.” Sam snickered leaving you on the ground staring at the wall with blood coating your inner legs. You sobbed silently holding your body tightly with your bruised and sore arms. The night was long and cold they didn't find you until around 2 am. A police officer was walking a K-9-unit dog and the dog had smelled your blood down in the ally. You were rushed to a hospital then to a trauma home where they taught you proper sign language.

 2 Years later you were leaving the coffee shop where you now work when you see two men walking your way. You tense remembering the awful night, but you try to relax and act normal. The men passed without even noticing you making you realize there is normal after something awful has happened. You can survive just as you had done as a child you will survive after Sam and Dean.

I like this so much that I want you to do a second part of it. Could you? If so, can you please do one where they meet again shortly at her workplace and the reader thought she's strong than ever until she saw their normal self. Dean and Sam met her while they were with Cass and Crowley discussing Lucifer's case and he (Crowley) sense something was wrong and see the brother's memory. He talked with them and said something like, "I am a demon, but I can never think of myself to rape a helpless girl as her" or something. When she walks herself to go home, Sam and Dean called out to her and she tensed, finally turning around they have a talk about what happened. She didn't forgive them and walk out of the shop but Cass talked to her outside