’s foot inviting him to follow. He watched as Dean made his way to the shore, wriggling forward in the mud to grab the edge of Sam’s jeans and dragging them towards the water to search the pockets for his treat.

“Dammit, Dean! Get your hands out of my pants!” Sam threatened with a grin. It wouldn’t be the first time in the past few weeks that he’d lost a pair of jeans or a shirt to his brother’s insatiable curiosity. Where he managed to hide them, Sam was never sure. Probably had some kind of nest underwater lined with Sam’s lost clothing.

Sometimes, Sam was sure Dean was more seal than fish, but he refused to balance a ball on his nose no matter how nicely Sam asked.

Sam swam towards shore to give Dean the bag of goldfish he’d hidden out of Dean’s reach, still wondering how far those tunnels extended if larger fish were making their way in – and if there were now a way for a six foot tall fish to get out. 

                                                 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It was over a month in when Sam took a break from sorting through Bobby’s books earlier than usual one afternoon and jogged his way towards the pond. A few steps out the back door and a subsonic vibration made his ears tingle, like a slow change in air pressure – not an entirely unpleasant sensation – but it made his skin prickle with a faint hint of…something. Before Sam even left the confines of the salvage yard, Sam could make out words, his brother’s voice ringing over the water and crashing through the thick trees as he sang Wheel in the Sky at the top of his lungs.

Sam shook off the desire to just lie back and listen – his brother had always had a natural talent for song – unnerving images of Dean singing him to sleep as a child brushed by something darker.

“Dean!” Sam shouted almost angrily once he reached the shore, shaking off the sensation as he interrupted his brother’s recital. “No singing, remember? We’re just lucky there aren’t any people around!”

A flash of something inexplicable slid over Dean’s face, gone faster than a sparkle of sunlight across the water’s surface. Dean kept his gaze fixed in the distance as he murmured softly, “No people around…yeah…”

Sam’s head suddenly popped up alongside Dean, clinging out-of-breath to the pile of rocks nearest his brother. With another flash of sharp teeth, Dean slid into the water beside him, slapping Sam on the shoulder. “Tag, you’re it.” At that, he splashed Sam in the face, leaving him sputtering in his wake as Dean sped across the water. 

                                                   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

“Have you heard from Ellen lately?” Dean asked casually, swinging his tail back and forth to tickle Sam’s feet as he dangled his legs in the cool depths of the pond.

“She’s in Oklahoma, I think,” Sam replied. “Hunting a poltergeist or something…as I explained to you before.”

“She gonna swing by this way any time soon?” Dean’s movements became less fluid, and he clung tenaciously to the rocks until his knuckles turned white.

Sam laughed, shaking his wet hair out of his face as he said, “You ask about her every time I see you lately. Why are you so curious….”

Dean’s voice growled around the rocks, making Sam draw his feet nervously out of the water as he lost sight of his brother around the curve of a boulder. “I’m hungry, Sam!”

Sam unconsciously settled himself more centrally on the rocks, momentarily regressing to the age when anything dangling over the edge was in danger of being dragged under into the darkness. He couldn’t catch sight of Dean’s golden head anywhere around his outpost, but his brother’s laugh came bubbling up behind him, the sound of warm summer rain on the rooftop. “Stop worryin’ so much, Sammy,” Dean chuckled teasingly, darting off to the right with a flash of golden fin.

Sam let out his breath, relaxing atop the rocks as his eyes slid closed, basking in the warm summer sun.

Everything was fine. Dean was only kidding.

Sam smiled as he heard the surprised squawk of another duck as it disappeared beneath the water.

He wasn’t paying enough attention to realize he didn’t hear it surface, the red tinged feathers quickly lost amidst the dry leaves on the shore. 

Sam sprawled across the couch, reveling in the privacy. It was great having Bobby around to help – hell, it was great having a place to stay that didn’t cost $45 a night and not to be living off the puffed up balls of grease any diner called French fries – but Sam had gotten used to Dean; anyone else in Dean’s place, however unintentionally, felt wrong, like he was wearing his shoes on the wrong feet.

He wasn’t sure Bobby would like to be associated with the idea of uncomfortable and annoying.

Fortunately, Bobby had gone