react. I pushed the shard into his chest, the blood spilling from the wound, onto my hands. 

I stumbled backwards, watching the man crumble to the floor. A delighted smile formed on my face as I watched the life leave his body. I did it! I survived! Suddenly, my legs wobbled, and I fell to the floor. It was then I realized I had been on an adrenalin high for a long time, and that had drained my energy. Black spots clouded my vision, and I gladly fell asleep.

I awoke in my bed, it was still dark out. Normally, I loved the dark, but tonight it felt eerie. It was as if someone was there. I looked around my room, searching for anything out of the ordinary. My eyes landed on yellow circles in the dark. Freezing, my nose registered the scent of rotten eggs. 

"You're awake. Good."

I didn't answer. Instead, I kept staring at his strange yellow eyes. 

"I know this is a lot to take in, but you did well in killing that hunter."

Hunter? Was that what that guy was? But... a hunter of what exactly?

"You... you sent him after me?" 

"Don't act like you didn't like stabbing that corpse. I knew you would like stabbing a living human."

"You were watching me! I knew somebody was... who even... what are you?"

He let out a sigh, the little lights vanishing for a second, before the were there again, this time at the end of my bed. Strangely enough, I wasn't afraid of him hurting me. It was still weird that he had watched me literally gut a man.

"It's quite a lot to explain."

"I've all the time in the world."

He sighed, standing from your bed.

"Walk with me, then. This room is... suffocating."

I sat up, hesitantly getting out of the bed on wobbly legs. 

"First of all, I wanna know our name. And I want to know what you are."

"My name is Azazel. And what I am is... complicated. You will know everything you need to know in its own time."

Slowly I descended the stairs, eyes carefully watching Azazels back. Question after question raced through my mind. 

He halted at the bottom of the stairs, and I stopped besides him. My eyes searched the living room for any indication that this was just a dream. 

"Wait... where's the mess? And the... body?" Azazel smiled mysteriously.

"I had it cleaned up. Don't worry, your mother hasn't seen anything."

That was good to know. I let a deep breath leave my body, my mind still foggy from sleep and excess adrenalin. Azazel was right, it was suffocating in here.

We left the house. The cold air filled my lungs, clearing my head just a little. 

"So. Start talking. What are you?", I breathed, glancing at Azazel from the corner of my eye. He was walking beside me, his expression never really changing, but not staying the same either.

"I'm a demon."

"And that was your long story?"

"You're not surprised. Why is that?"

You rubbed the back of your neck, eyes flicking up to look at the sky. It was beautiful tonight, stars twinkling above your head, the moon casting soft light on the streets.

"My mom used to tell me stories, and I think I never really doubted her? I mean, I know she's not perfect, but I always knew she'd never lie to me."

Azazel chuckled, the sound not evil nor mocking but understanding. Almost kind. I shook my head. No time to think about it now.

"The guy... that hunter. What was he doing in my home?"

"I lured him there." I motioned for him to continue. Like hell I would be satisfied with that answer. "I wanted to see how you would react. How you fight when your life depends on it. And I must say, what I saw was pleasing.", he said almost... proud? 

"Why me though? Why are you interested in my life? I'm... ordinary."

"That is what you think. However, I know more about you than you do. But that's a story for a different time."

Azazel stopped if front of a house. I knew that house. The owner was a kind old lady, who always gave me sweets whenever I visited her. Mom told me she was brought into hospital only a day before I came back home. I should probably visit her sometime.

Azazel turned to me, a serious expression now prominent on his features.

"When you go into that house, your life will change. Fate will take its course and you'll have no choice but to go along with it. I take it that you believe in fate?" I nodded. "Did