demon, you crossed the line from using blood to being addicted.”

“So you’re saying I started the Apocalypse?” Sam said, everything hitting him.  “You’re right about me?”

“You pulled the trigger, but starting the Apocalypse is far too big for you to claim credit for alone,” Castiel said.  “It was what you did afterwards that made me realize I was wrong about you.  You admitted you’d made terrible mistakes, asked for forgiveness you didn’t really expect, and did everything you could to redeem yourself and fix your mistakes.  You kept fighting, even when none of the rest of us could.  Dean broke once, but you… even this plan to allow Lucifer to have you, it was a way of fighting.  The only way any of us could think of.”

Sam was trying to process it all, he was.  But he wasn’t sure he could.  “Ruby…?”

“I’m sorry.  Your trust is misplaced.  She’s working for Lilith, earning your trust, allowing herself to be tortured or even ‘killed’ to help you.  You trust her because she saved you from your pit of despair, correct?”  Sam nodded, and Castiel continued.  “A ploy on her part.  That way, you wouldn’t question the demon blood as much.  I wasn’t there, I was dead at the time, but you told me later that you held her arms while Dean used the knife.”

That was a lot to take in, but it made sense.  Except… “You were… dead at the time?”

“Killed by Raphael for interfering with prophecy,” Castiel clarified.  “I was brought back, I can only assume by God.  Raphael thought it was Lucifer, but Lucifer wouldn’t waste his power on me.  It requires a great deal of power for an archangel to restore life to an angel, and Lucifer had to focus everything he had on finding and winning a suitable host.  We’ve all been brought back from the dead at least once.  One notable occasion I babysat your corpse and your brother’s while you searched Heaven for an angel who might know where God was.”

“I started the Apocalypse, and somehow I got into Heaven?” Sam demanded.  This was a bridge too far.  Castiel was crazy.

“Yes.  By then, you had… well, for one, God had personally granted salvation to both you and your brother, or so Joshua said.  There were other reasons.  Your continued work toward redemption, Dean’s need for you, my… the point is, you had very little chance at Hell unless you jumped in yourself.  Which you did.  Which I am trying to stop.”

They’d both been so engrossed in their conversation that they hadn’t seen Dean until he yanked the driver’s door open.  “What the hell are you doing here, you feathery asshat?  Sammy, you okay?”

“I’m trying to prevent your brother from jumping into Hell,” Castiel said.

Dean’s eyes went wide.  “Sammy, come on, I know they’re dicks, but…”

“Not now.  In a year and a half,” Castiel clarified.

“I’m fine, Dean, Castiel is… apparently a year and a half is enough time for minds to change,” Sam said.

“You’ll need to convince the me of this time that his doubts are well-founded, that this is not God’s will but the plans of angels, working with the demons,” Castiel said.  “It won’t be easy.  I do have a plan to make it easier… here, take this.”  He handed Sam a small rock engraved with Enochian script.  “I’ll recognize it – after all, I made it several thousand years ago.  The Enochian is a spell that prevents the holder from lying.  If you truly believed that the sky was red, you would be able to say so, but while you hold that in your hand, you can’t lie.”

“Helpful,” Sam said.  “But there is that loophole.  I’m taking it on faith that what you’re telling me is true, that the future you say is going to happen is what’s going to happen.  You could argue that you’re lying to me… although why you’d feed me lies to convince you to do something breaks my brain.”

“I know.”  Castiel twisted a ring on his finger, eventually pulling it off.  “Don’t lose this.  I don’t know what’s going to happen in the next year and a half if you do manage to convince me to help you now, but no matter what, I’ll remember the way things happened in the timeline I already know, and I will want this back.  This may be all I have left.”  He handed the ring over to Sam.  “It feels wrong to give this to you.”

“Why?” Sam asked as he took it.  His eyes widened in shock as