with his own face similarly hidden from the cameras.

Tamara looked up at him. “Dean Winchester. I always knew you were more than just a pretty face.”

Dean smiled. “So no microphones or sound recording in here?”

“No. But there are guards outside who’ll get suspicious if we keep talking quietly. So. Did you get kidnapped too, or is this a rescue?”

Dean admitted that he’d been kidnapped, but that he was sure Sam would come for him.

Tamara’s lips thinned. “The wrist cuffs? Do not come off. I’ve tried everything. So whatever Sam’s got planned, I hope he’s got some seriously heavy-duty mojo behind him or we’re all dead.”

“What do you know about--” Dean began, but was interrupted by the guards banging on the cell door. “Una, Decimus, break it up!”

“Go,” Tamara said, going back to her thousand yard stare.

Dean got to his feet without argument. He alternated between leaning against the wall and pacing. He watched as other hunters were led from the cell and then brought back again fifteen minutes to half an hour later, always sweaty and dishevelled, sometimes bruised and bloodied.

Reggie. Tim. Annie. Tamara.

Roy came back with a broken arm and blood dripping from a gash in his temple. Dean didn’t care.

Grady came back limping and holding his arm gingerly against his body. Dean got him some water from the barrel in the corner and held it up to the older hunter’s lips while he drank.

“Werewolf,” Grady said. “An old one.  Wolf born. Wily bastard.”

Dean frowned. “What do you mean, wolf born?”

Grady coughed. “Born a werewolf, not turned. You haven’t run across those before?”

Dean shook his head.

Grady grunted. “They’re real dangerous. In full control of their shifts. Don’t have to wait for a full moon.”

Dean’s eyes widened. “Shit. That don’t sound good.”

“Decimus!” The guard at the door called out to Dean. “You’re up.”

Dean got to his feet and rolled his shoulders. “All right. Let’s do this. Let’s go entertain the people.”

He was led to the gate. Beyond it he could hear a man with a microphone pumping up the crowd. He heard his gladiator name mentioned and then some death metal song started blasting out of the arena’s speakers. The gate clanked open and Dean was pushed through the gate and out onto the sand.  

The arena was much smaller than your typical sporting stadium, but there were still at least five hundred people in the audience, and that surprised Dean. He hadn’t realized that so many people knew about the supernatural. He inclined his head. Maybe they weren’t all people.

Dean ran his eyes over his surroundings until he spotted the small booth, high up in the stands, which he thought was probably where the person in charge of the fucking awful music was sitting. It had a platform in front of it, which is where the MC was standing with his microphone.

Dean pointed at him and then very obviously put his fingers in his ears and shook his head. “Your taste in music sucks,” he yelled. “Next time, you introduce me with good music.”

The music cut off abruptly and the MC announced that the hunter’s opponent, a vampire (the crowd booed and hissed), would be released into the arena. The gong, he said, would signal the beginning of the fight.

A gate on the opposite side of the arena screeched open. Dean turned to face it and watched as a blond man in his twenties hurtled across the sand toward him.

Shit.

“What about the gong?” Dean yelled.

 Weren’t they supposed to wait for the gong?

The crowd booed at the vampire.

Okay. Apparently the vamp wasn’t waiting for permission to come at him. Dean wondered if they kept them hungry.

He cast about and spotted a pile of weapons lying in the sand in the middle of the arena. He ran for them, and the clang of a gong reverberated throughout the stadium.

Dean rolled his eyes and continued to charge forward. The vamp was quicker, though, reaching the weapons and picking up a machete. He swung at Dean and Dean went to his knees, his momentum making him skid past the weapons. He picked up an axe on the way past and then threw himself onto his belly when he felt a stir of air, as the vamp’s machete swung again, far too close to his head for comfort. Dean rolled onto his back and swept the vamp’s legs out from under him, causing him to fall flat on his back. Dean was on him a microsecond later, pressing the axe hard against the vamp’s neck. The vamp flailed and snarled, his fangs descending as he arched and bucked and twisted, trying to throw Dean off. Dean sat