in order, but finally, Dean was ready to prove his devotion to the angel who had already given up so much for him. He had made dinner reservations at a local Italian restaurant in Lebanon – Castiel adored the place's chicken cacciatore so much that whenever it was the blue-eyed man's turn to pick a place to eat out, no one even had to ask where he wanted to go. He had also called Charlie and invited her to stay the weekend with them, giving some lame excuse about needing help with the technological aspects of archiving the documents in Library Number Three of the bunker.

Now the entire group was sitting around a large table, munching on garlic-butter-smothered breadsticks and laughing as Charlie told them all of the things she had been doing in the last few months – all of them, that was, except Dean, who had so many butterflies fluttering around in his belly that he doubted he could fit so much as a sip of water inside. His hands shook as he placed his order, and he hoped Cas hadn't noticed the way he kept nervously touching the ring box in his jacket pocket just to make sure it was still there. If he started asking questions now, Dean knew he was going to lose his nerve completely.

Luckily, though, dinner passed in a blur of conversation and the scraping of forks on plates, and no one seemed to notice anything odd about the fact that Dean was barely picking at his food. Right before dessert, though, he realized that there were only about fifteen minutes remaining until the time he planned to propose. And he was suddenly completely terrified.

Muttering something about needing to stretch his legs, he excused himself from the table, ducking into the remarkably clean restroom as soon as he was out of sight of their table. He strode over to the row of beige-colored, pebble-filled sinks and gripped tightly to the edge of the last one, trying to will his heart to stop beating so painfully hard. It wasn't working, and he bent forward over the basin, suddenly dizzy and nauseous and confused by the way his breaths were hissing in and out of his chest as fast as they would if he'd just been running from a Wendigo.

He wasn't sure how long he had been standing there trying not to pass out when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he gasped loudly, nearly jumping out of his skin before he realized it was just Sam. The younger man moved slowly, almost like he was trying not to spook him, and rubbed his back soothingly with one hand while the other grabbed a paper towel from the basket by the faucet and started running it under cool water.

"Okay, easy Dean," Sam said quietly, placing the cool paper towel on the back of Dean's neck and guiding him to sit down in a chair near the door. "Take it easy."

"Guh… I think… I'm gonna throw up…" Dean moaned, feeling the butterflies in his stomach start thrashing around wildly in a bid for freedom. The fact that he couldn't seem to catch his breath was definitely not helping matters.

"No you're not, relax," Sam coached, pushing his head down between his knees and rubbing the wet towel up and down the flushed skin on his neck. "Calm down, breathe."

"What if… he says no?" Dean was starting to gain a little more control, fighting valiantly to match his breathing to the slow, steady inhales and exhales Sam was exaggerating next to him. "What if he… doesn't want –"

"Stop. Just stop there." Sam squeezed his shoulder hard, standing up to get another paper towel so Dean could press it to his face. "He's gonna say yes, Dean. You know he is. Just get out there and tell him how you feel, and I know you won't regret it."

Dean nodded, taking a few more minutes to pull himself together before standing and giving Sam an embarrassed grin.

"Thanks, Sammy. I owe you one."

"No problem. Now get back out there before Cas starts thinking you fell in. I told them I had to take a phone call from another hunter taking down a Shtriga, so I'll hang out here another minute or two and then meet you back there."

"Yeah. Okay."

Dean took a slow, deep breath and willed himself to relax before opening the door, making his way back to the table and hoping he looked as normal as he always did when returning from the bathroom. He must have, because other than Cas giving his hand a squeeze under the table once he'd sat down, no one said much of anything when he came back; they all just continued their conversations as if he had never left.

After another minute or two Sam returned, and when the waiter brought them all individual plates half-filled with tiramisu and half with cannoli, Dean steeled his nerves as well as he could and stood up from his seat.

"Excuse me, everyone,