the new Winchester slut I’ve been hearing about?” Your uncle Dean asked as he lifted you from the bed by the back of your neck. You tried to cover your body in confusion until you saw your uncle’s eyes were pitch black. You scream loudly trying to escape. Dean chuckled tightening on the back of your neck. He controlled your body with just one hand making you walk butt naked out to the dining room where your father was sitting at one of the chairs. 

“You won’t believe what I just caught your whore of a daughter doing.” Dean laughed throwing the vibrator at your dad.

“Don’t touch her!” You father yelled thrashing around in the cheap chair, but he wasn’t able to get up or move. Dean slammed your face into the table making you whimper in pain. Your right ear was ringing as you felt Uncle Dean’s hand clawing at your ass cheeks. Your arms were laid out on the table showing the different jagged scars all along your inner arm.

“What is this?” Dean asked grabbing at your arm with the most recent  pink cut on it.

“____ I didn’t know you cut yourself?” Your father said shocked looking into your misty eyes. Dean threw your arm down with a chuckled doing back to playing with your ass cheeks. 

“I hear cutters have a high pain tolerance. Let’s try it out.” Dean chuckled purposely scratching you violently with his nails. 

“Dean, please. You're hurting me!” You yelp at the feeling of him biting into your flesh with his hands. Dean laughed moving his finger down to your already swollen and wet entrance. 

“I couldn’t have picked a better time to visit my baby brother. He gets to find out all kinds of secrets about his baby girl.” Dean moaned pushing two fingers inside of your virgin walls. 

“Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus!” Your father rambled off make Dean scream and shove 2 more fingers inside of you.

“Please STOP!” You yell your hands clawing at the table in pain. Sam continued the exorcism pray you could just hold on. 

“omnis satanica potestas,!” Sam yelled louder of your scream in agony. Dean shoved his 4th finger inside of you. Dean chuckled watching the blood starting to spread on the finger jammed inside of your hole. 

“DON’T ADD ANYMORE PLEASE!” You shriek so loud your dad stopped talking. Tears were rolling down his face in helplessness watching you get almost fisted by your uncle. 

“But, I don’t even have the thumb in yet. Sam, are you going to try to exorcise me again?” You uncle growled working his four fingers back and forth inside of you. 

“No just stop! Tell me what you want and leave her alone!” You dad scream in defeat. 

“I just wanted to meet your pretty little daughter.” The Demon said in a disembodied voice thrusting his fingers faster in and out of you. Your fingernails were making lines on the wooden table while you still sobbed in pain. 

“Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus,” You dad started again making the Demon scream in anger.

“You fucking prick. I said stop!” The demon growled shoving his thumb inside of you. You start to feel like you were about to pass out from pain. “Omnis satanica potestas, omnis incursio infernalis adversarii,” Sam continued watching your eyes start to close on the table. 

“Wake up  ____ Uncle Dean isn’t done yet.” The Demon laughed pulling his hand out of you in one painful motion. You screamed so loud it was silently the pain blocking your airway.   “Omnis congregatio et secta diabolica. Ergo, draco maledicte,” Your dad still yelled tears running down his face as he tried to break from the chair.

“Dad am I going to die?” You whimper making Sam’s voice crack for a moment. Your uncle pulled his pants down just enough to pull out his rock-hard member.

“Just try and relax ____. It’s gonna hurt baby, but I’m right here with you. I’m so sorry baby.” Sam choked out as Dean rammed his cock into your cervix. You clenched your teeth trying not to scream from the immense amount of pain.

“Oh, your real Uncle just moaned a little bit. Your cunts still so fucking tight even after I just had tore you apart.” The Demon laughed pulling out to slowly sink back inside of your bleeding walls. He was going to enjoy every second of the Family Circus he had caused. 

“Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus,” Sam started again still fighting against the invisible force holding him to the chair. You whimper and squeak trying not to scream while your Uncle’s cock makes you want to moan his name for hours. 

 “omnis satanica potestas, omnis incursio infernalis adversarii,” Your dad repeats trying to stay calm for your sake. With every hard thrust into you, Dean shook the table closer and closer to Sam. Until it was being pushed against his chest with each time you were spread by Dean’s cock.

“omnis congregatio et secta diabolica