later? Just as fucked, Sam supposed, as seeing people become corpses in his sleep.

---

Sam's eyes opened and he breathed a sigh of relief into the darkness of the motel room. Not real.

He looked beside him at Dean's sleeping face. He was always so relaxed when he slept, mouth slack and eyelashes resting on freckled cheekbones.

Their Dad was in the other bed, snoring lightly. Sam let his body gradually relax as he let Dean's warmth soak through the t-shirt he wore to bed.

The pleas for help still echoed in his mind. His eyes flew to Dean again, trying to focus on the here and now.

He shuffled closer to his brother and closed his eyes. He was immediately assaulted with pictures from his nightmare – a young couple begging their captor to spare them as he bashed them to death with a baseball bat.

He opened his eyes, trying to calm his erratic breathing.

Seems like he wasn't getting any sleep tonight.

---

Seeing things in his dreams is one thing. Seeing them walk down the school hallway, unharmed and with their arms still attacked to their body, was another thing entirely. Sam bumped into someone as he followed the boy in pure shock. He didn't bother with an apology, just hurried to turn the corner he saw the boy disappear around.

There was no mistake. It was the same boy. A lot less bloody and a lot less dead, but undoubtedly it was the same person from his dreams the night before.

Sam lost him around the next corner, and even though he searched relentlessly for the entire school day, he didn't catch sight of the boy again.

But Sam knew what he saw. And he knew what it meant. And he didn't even pretend to hide his hysterical sobbing from Dean that night when they heard the sirens rush past the motel. He didn't even try to look away as the town got smaller and smaller in the rearview mirror of the Impala, Dean in the driver's seat throwing him worried looks but thankfully not calling him out on it.

He was done pretending.

---

The next time he woke up from a dream of blood and that empty look people get in their eyes after they die, he skipped school and spent the entire day researching.

He had seen the initials sown into a pre-school backpack so he combed through Lentisfield's entire pre-school system, pulled every child's records from the flimsily-locked cabinets in the main offices of the places, and let his eyes wander over the faces of every child on every playground, desperate to catch a glimpse of that specific shade of brown hair and hazel eyes.

At the end of the day, he walked back to the motel room, defeated, his head bent shamefully as guilt pulsed through his veins at giving up so easily. But that kid could be in another town entirely. Hell, he could be in another state.

Dad was on a hunting trip, so at least he didn't have to stand through an entire evening of gritting his teeth through 'Yes, sir's and trying to keep himself from back-talking his way into another six-mile run in the mud and rain. Relief at that, however, was short lived, because as soon as he stepped through the door, Dean was on him, tackling him and holding him down, completely ignoring – and Sam hated him a little bit for how easily he overpowered Sam's skinny teenage form – Sam's attempts at twisting out of his hold. He was glaring at Sam fiercely, and if Sam hadn't known him, he would have seriously been afraid.

"What the fuck, Sam?" Dean growled. "Your teacher called. You weren't in class. I couldn't find you anywhere!"

Sam huffed out a breath, looking to the side to avoid Dean's accusing glare.

"Do you even know what I thought? What I was preparing myself for?"

His brother looked spent, short hair in disarray and eyes half-crazed with fear.

"I'm sorry," Sam whispered.

"Sorry isn't going to cut it! What happened? Where were you?"

Sam sighed and looked at his wrists still held in Dean's strong hands and then back at Dean pointedly.

"Got a problem?" Dean snapped.

"Well, yeah. Get off!" Sam tried to get his knees up so he could kick Dean off, but Dean maneuvered himself so that Sam was helplessly pinned.

"I'm actually very comfortable here."

Sam glared up at him.

"Now tell me what the fuck that was," Dean demanded.

Sam hesitated. Dean must have seen it in his eyes, because he continued.

"If you leave anything out, I'll know," he threatened.

Sam sighed again. "Fine," he mumbled.

Dean shot him an expectant look.

"I think a family is about to get hurt, so I tried to find them, but I couldn't, so now they're