the evils of alcohol?” Cas asked, downing the shot all in one.  “There hasn’t been much opportunity.”

“No, not that one,” Sam said, refilling Cas’s glass.  “Family doesn’t end in blood.  You and Bobby are all Dean and I have.  Maybe Adam, if he survived Michael’s wrath at Dean’s eleventh hour change of heart and wants anything to do with us.  But you are definitely family, Cas.  You’ve given your life for us twice, you’ve killed for us.  I still can’t believe you chose me over Anna, but if that didn’t make you family…”

Cas turned to him, face unreadable.  “Why do you not believe?”

Sam huffed.  “Well, I mean, Anna was your boss for what, centuries?  Millennia?  You didn’t want to kill her when you were still Heaven’s loyal soldier and had orders, and after you rebelled, she was the only other person who could really understand what you’re going through.  But even though she had a point – don’t lie to me, her plan could have at least stalled Lucifer long enough for you and Dean to get the rings and shove him back in the Cage.  But you chose to protect the abomination.  I’m still the boy with the demon blood, remember?”

“The boy… oh,” Castiel said, a look of surprise on his face.  “Sam.  I have changed since then, a great deal.  For what it’s worth, I am sorry our first encounter did not go better.  Did I ever tell you that you surprised me that day?  I had hoped Dean would spare the town, but for you to do so on the grounds of the innocent lives that would be lost was a surprise.”

“Hey, look, the abomination isn’t a bloodthirsty monster,” Sam said.  His voice took on a tone of resignation.  “Look, Cas, I know how it is.  It doesn’t matter.  It doesn’t change the fact that you’re family, no one ever said family had to like each other.”  Sam reached for the laptop, looking through folders to find The Empire Strikes Back.  That way he didn’t have to look at Cas anymore.

Sam and Cas clear up lingering doubts, and then create brand new ones.  Also, Castiel doesn't understand Han/Leia.

Castiel considered flying away.  He considered calling Dean.  He considered taking a swing at Sam, as Dean had done often when Sam said something ridiculous.  All were rejected in favor of staring blankly.  He had no idea Sam felt as though he was unliked.  “You don’t know how it is,” he said.  “When I was given this assignment, I was told that you were an unredeemable, bloodthirsty abomination.  I had no reason to question my superiors, then.  You changed my opinion very quickly, Sam.  You made mistakes, which you acknowledge and are attempting to redeem yourself from.  I made mistakes, too.  Everything about Alastair was a mistake on my part.  Allowing myself to be captured the first time I tried to rebel was a mistake.  Letting you out of the panic room was a mistake.”  He saw the surprise on Sam’s face.  “It seems I am still making mistakes.  Calling you an abomination was a mistake.  Dealing with angels is simpler.  Angels do not feel, so you cannot hurt an angel’s feelings.  I meant only that the demon blood within you made it impossible for you to wield the stake, just as having rebelled against Heaven made it impossible for me.  I don’t know how to convince you that I care for you.  But I will try to do better to show it.”

“Uh.”  Sam looked at Cas oddly, face turning somewhat pink.  “Wow.  I… I’ve seriously misjudged you.   That explains a lot, really.  I guess I’d built up more resentment than I thought, normally I know better than to dwell on something someone says when they’re drunk.”  He rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment.

Cas tried to think what to do now.  He felt as though he should be doing something, but he had no idea what.  Sam didn’t look expectant, though.  Cas was just about to break down and ask for help when a strange sound came from his phone.  “You’re in the arms of the angel, may you find some comfort here.”

The pinkness increased.  “That’ll be Dean.  Sorry, not intended to mess with you…” Sam stuttered out.

Castiel handed the phone to Sam.  “Speaker.”  He waited until Sam set the phone between them.  “Hello, brother.”

Sam smiled, but Dean sounded confused.  “Cas?  What…”

“Michael.  Did Dean put me on his no-harm list, then?  Or are you calling simply to remind me of my failure?”  Dean was the one who had taught him about fun and practical jokes.