slow, this is tantalising and taunting because every day he’s wondering how long it’ll take till he won’t be able to come when Dean or Sam call.  How long it’ll be till he can’t whisk his charge away from under Zachariah’s nose.

He’s not Fallen till he gives up his final, damning duty.  He’ll give up his mission when he Falls.

A neverending cycle, one that Pestilence shoves in his face, one that Crowley implies with snide, shocked looks and murmured biting half-comments because is there anything more pitiful than this?  Glory brought low.

Oh, so low.

 

~

 


the one who fled,



away, away from the cruelty of heaven,



and the taint of hell,



only to find on earth a special kind of dark



invasive, pervasive,



for what else is hope?



what else is love? -



but God’s most wicked sin



.


Anna distantly remembers her Fall with a distance that’s ever-present, that resonates with every memory, every trembling not-human-not-angel nerve. 

She remembers in the same way she remembers being Hanael, not a she but a you, tall and bright and strong with unseeable wings and an unemotional love.

Beautiful Hanael, lost in an instant, an instant she feels with every step she takes in her human body before Dean Winchester is saved and she knows what that instant feels.

It’s not an explosion of sensation, a piercing finite pain as she rips her Grace out of her, all silvery shimmery life.  That’s what she tells Castiel, though she gives him fair warning (because that’s the path he’s taking, slowly and surely with shocking speed) of the pain.  Of hooks that embed God’s light deep into an angel’s core, into the incorporeal and corporeal body as one, linking light-soul-body.

But it’s more than that.

 It’s who she is, what she is.

It’s taking the you and leaving the she, lesser for all that humanity is great.

(An angel without Grace, after all, is an angel without Grace.  No human.)

The first thing Anna thinks when she Remembers is that nothing, not cold, distant brethren, nor an absent, uncaring Father, could equal the cruel loving of her Fall; the sensation of every bone shattering in a grotesque harmony with her screams.  A moment of doubt that not even Dean’s warmth, the smooth stroke of his skin against (in) hers can erase.

The last thing she realises when Michael grips her face with cold, loving fingers, is that they already have.

For if Heaven is God, and Hell is God, then what can Earth be but God, cruel and righteous?

 

~

 


the one who led,



with steady gaze and passion bright



the army of dark



crushed by the light



and we’ll remember still now that name



that name of heaven’s greatest shame – 



Lucifer.



 


Lucifer knows it’s over when Sariel coughs up a last weak spurt of blood, clutching weakly at the gaping hole in her chest; dying in harmonious tandem with Remiel, now inert though his screams still echo around the field.  From where he crouches, leaning heavily on the hilt of his broken sword, Lucifer can see the convergence point of that verbalised agony of death.  A body, covered ignominiously by two vast, once-glorious sapphire-blue wings.  Now, they’re speckled with blood, rumpled. 

Even from this distance, it’s impossible to miss two particularly dark, twisted patches, one on each wing.  Uriel and Zerachiel had held Remiel down as Raphael gripped tight, pulled and wrenched.

Lucifer used to tend those feathers.

It’s over, he thinks, hollowed out with despair and guilty, horrifying relief.

There’s a slight laugh, beside and slightly behind him; Michael.  Stiffening at the noise, Lucifer makes to push himself to his feet, to turn and face his death with dignity.

Instead, he feels a foot kick him forwards violently – off-kilter and exhausted, he can’t stop the fall, can’t stop from landing face-down in the dirt.

Oh, little brother, Michael sighs ruefully.  It’s not over yet.

 

~

 

It isn’t over even when he lies twitching, bones laid bare and his Grace slipping through the idle, fidgeting fingers of the high angels – the Archangels, the Principalities, the Seraphim.  They whisper and taunt him, play disdainfully with the flickers of red-gold-black that taint his Grace now, no longer pure silver-white.

Each stroke of fingers feels less like an agonising whip of energy coursing through every cell of his body; it’s more a tangible imprint of fingers on his soul; who he was, who he is, who he’ll ever be.

(An imprint that scourges and burns, acidic and cold.)

It’s not over when he’s on his knees before every angel in existence, whispering out screamed apologies in a