.  “Cas is not abusing me.  My entire family has gone out of their way to give us a chance at this being forever, they wouldn’t do that if Cas were abusive, and we’re so close to Dean there’s no way we could keep that from him.  He’d notice.”

“What about Cas’s family?” Mrs. Soliz asked.

Sam scoffed.  “Well, Gabriel is rooting for us enough to ask us to live with him and Cas, his daughter Anna cleaned out her room for Dean to have, and Cas ran away from the rest of his family because of their reaction to him being gay.  We really couldn’t care less what they think of us.”

“Are the two of you sexually active?”

Sam rolled his eyes.  “He turns seventeen tomorrow.  I’ll be sixteen before he’s eighteen, there’s not a time when statutory rape could apply.  Yes, we are having sex.  Dean knows and enables – you know, makes sure we have condoms and stuff, gives us our privacy, that sort of thing.”

“And who initiated that?”

“I guess Cas, but if at any time I’d said no, he’d have respected that.  I say no sometimes, and he always accepts it.”  Sam thought back, smiling a little at the memory.  “That night, he asked before he’d even touched me, because he wanted to be sure my consent was real and not just heat of the moment, that I wouldn’t regret it when we woke up the next morning.”

Mrs. Soliz wasn't smiling at all.  “Is that a common problem for you?”

“No, I’ve never regretted any line I crossed whether it was planned or spontaneous.  But that’s kind of a big one, so Cas wanted to be extra careful,” Sam said.

“So you’ve never regretted saying yes… have you ever regretted saying no or to wait?” Mrs. Soliz pressed.

“Not because of anything Cas has done, no,” Sam said, staring at her oddly.

“Hmm?”

“There were a couple times where I wasn’t sure about something so I said no, but come morning I wished I’d said yes.  Not because Cas was doing anything to make me feel bad, but because on further reflection I had been ready or up for it or whatever,” Sam explained.

Mrs. Soliz hmmed again.  “So, despite your age, you genuinely believe that you and Cas have a healthy relationship?”

“Seven months together, and our biggest problems have been time limits and me taking him for granted once the time limits were gone?  Yeah.  Open, well-used lines of communication, clear expectations on things like spending and school and work, support from all the family we care about, and a shared desire to build our future together?  Give us three years, would you even question that?”

“What happens when he goes to college next year?”

Sam shrugged.  “Dean and I find a place to live with him, or near him if he has to live in a dorm his first year.  I finish high school.  If I get in, I go to the same university.  If not, I go somewhere I do get in, Cas either finishes where he is or transfers to where he wants to be and we give long-distance a try if we have to.  We’re looking at schools together.  Right now, we’re making our own lists of dream schools and safety schools, and then we’ll compare them and come up with a joint short list.”

“How involved is Dean in this process?”

That threw Sam for a minute.  “Once we get our short list, he’ll check out the towns and give us feedback.  He’s not planning on going to school, though, so he’s said he doesn’t care what school we pick.”

“Once you’re eighteen, how involved is Dean going to be in your relationship?”

This was somewhat more familiar ground for Sam.  Concerns about his closeness with Dean were standard fare for counselors.  “Probably about the same as he is now?  Cas and I are both happy with things as they are.”

“You don’t think it’s a little weird…?”

“No?” Sam said.  “Dean’s an integral part of our friendship.  He’s our brother, our best friend.  He’s good about staying out of the parts of our relationship that it would be weird to have him in.”

“Oh?”

“Dean and I are brothers by birth.  Dean and Cas are brothers by informal adoption.  Cas and I are together.  The three of us are best friends.  If Dean finds a girl to bring in, we’ll adapt, I’m sure, but for now, we’ve got a balance between the three of us that works well and that we’re all happy with.  That’s actually one sign to me that Cas