, mostly.  My mom was killed in front of me when I was a little kid, and my dad was killed in front of me when I was fifteen.  How about your parents?”

Claire actually looked impressed, but not ready to back down.  “My dad volunteered for a stupid war that meant we never saw him again, and I found out years later he’d been killed less than a year into it.  My mom destroyed her life trying to find Dad and got captured by enemy soldiers and tortured and killed.”

“Soldiers, huh?  So what were they… demons?”  There was probably a better fit, but demons were the first thing that sprang to mind.  Probably because two hunts prior was a demon who claimed to be fighting a holy war.

Claire blinked.  “What makes you think they weren’t just normal humans?”

“Well, I don’t know what got my mom, but my dad was taken out by a vampire.  So I know there’s other things out there.”

Now Claire looked really impressed.  “Huh.  Well, you probably still won’t believe me, but the things that killed my parents were angels.”

“Angels.”

“Angels."  Claire sighed and took a long drink from her bottle.  "Told you you wouldn’t believe me.”

It wasn't that Krissy didn't believe angels existed.  Why wouldn't they?  But... “I thought angels were supposed to be good guys.”

Claire rolled her eyes.  “Supposed to be, maybe, but it turns out they’re mostly douchebags.  Even the one I’m kind of friends with.”

Krissy thought for a minute, then shrugged.  “Okay.  Works for me.  I’ve heard some pretty weird things out here, angels being dicks isn’t the weirdest.”

“So is that why you were staring at me?  Thought you recognized another kid with a supernaturally crap life?”

“Pretty much, yeah.  My friends and I are hunters, thought maybe we could swap stories, tips, whatever.  I mean, how often do you bump into other hunters, honestly?”

“Uh-huh.  Hunters."  Claire gave Krissy an appraising look, and somehow, Krissy felt like she wasn't quite passing muster.  "So what brought you to town?”

“There was a spirit.  We found the body, did a salt and burn.  It’s, forgive the expression, kiddie stuff for hunters.”

“The Woman in White?  Good, saves me the digging.”  Claire pulled up a chair.  “So you got into hunting when your dad died?”

“I got into hunting when my mom died.  Dad raised me in the life.  We got out after my first hunt, but the vamp didn’t get the memo, so I got back in.  Sort of.  Not directly."  Krissy stopped herself from further babbling.  What was wrong with her?  "What about you?  After your mom?”

Claire shrugged.  “That’s when I started actually hunting, but I’d taught myself a lot of the skills after my grandma died and I went looking for my mom.  Then I got caught and shipped off to the Wayward Daughters Academy, but they can’t make me stay there forever.”

“Wayward Daughters Academy?  What’s that?”  Honestly, it kind of sounded like fun.  Way more fun than some random aunt she barely knew.

“Oh, it’s just a joke.  Jody Mills is the sheriff around here’s, she’s a friend of some friends of the angel I’m sort of friends with, they’re the ones who caught me.  It’s kind of nice, but if you ever tell Jody or Alex or Donna I said that, I will deny it and probably stab you.”  Krissy laughed and zipped her lips.  “Jody’d already taken in Alex after wiping out the vampire nest she was the honeypot for, and then she ran into more vampires on a sheriff’s convention or something like that and Donna stepped up to help out.  Donna’s the one who came up with the nickname when she heard Jody had taken in two troubled teenage girls.”

“Well, if you wanna blow it, you can probably come with us.  Aidan’s a bit of a flirt, but something tells me you can handle him.”

“Not even my type.  I can handle him.”  Claire grinned, but she shook her head.  “Nah, if I tried to leave, Jody’d send her friends after me.  Trust me, you do not want Jody’s friends hunting you.  I guess you’ve got pretty good ties to the community?”

“Yeah, Dad knew a bunch of people, most hunters if I drop his name or Garth’s they’re welcoming.  You know Garth Fitzgerald?”

“Not personally, but I know of him.  He disappeared a couple years ago, right?"  Krissy nodded.  She'd always wondered what had happened to him.  He wasn't dead that anyone knew of, but he