’ll even let you drive.”

“You are so ridiculous.”

At prom, people stared when Sam walked in with a hot older guy.  He hadn’t made any friends at school yet.  Dean played it up, putting a possessive hand on Sam’s back and winking at some of the girls who were staring.  They giggled and turned away.  “So I guess I’m the gay kid at this school now,” Sam whispered to Dean.

Dean chuckled.  “Well yeah, what did you think was gonna happen when you showed up with a hot older guy at prom?”

“I thought you’d say you were kidding and we were headed for a bar or something.”  He really had.  It's not that Dean had a problem with gay people, but he tended to be a little weird about people thinking he was gay himself.  Which is why Sam hadn't come out as bi.

Dean punched his arm lightly.  “I’ve been bugging you to go to prom how long now?  And you thought I’d back down?”

“Yeah, fine.  Whatever.  Are you actually gonna dance?”

“Sure, why not?  Think they’ll play any decent music?”

“I’m sure we’ll hear ‘Don’t Stop Believing’ or something at some point.”

“I said good music.”

Sam swatted Dean on the arm.  “You are such a pain in the ass.”

Dean smirked at him.  “Sure you wanna say that to someone everyone thinks is your boyfriend?”

“Oh my god.”  Sam burst into laughter.  “I’m going to kill you.”

Dean did, in fact, dance with Sam that night.  On the rare occasion someone came over to talk to Sam, Dean played the role of hot older boyfriend a little too well.  Sam almost believed it himself.  Dean noticed Sam’s smiles becoming more and more forced.  “Hey.  You okay?”

“Yeah, I’m fine.  Having a great time.”  Sam put as much effort as he could into faking the smile this time.  Truth was, he wanted to get out of there.  He wanted Dean to stop pretending to be what Sam had wanted him to be for two years now.  But he couldn’t tell Dean he wanted to leave, not without giving a reason, and he didn’t have one.

Dean wrapped an arm around Sam’s back.  “Come on.  Let’s get out of here, huh?”

Sam chuckled.  “You know what everyone’s gonna think if they notice us leaving early.”

“They’re gonna think my car must have a comfortable back seat.  Yeah, I know.  That a problem?”

Sam shrugged.  “You’ve already got them thoroughly convinced you’re my boyfriend.  I don’t think it matters.”

“Then come on.  Let’s go.”

 

Instead of going home, Dean drove them out to the middle of nowhere.  He threw a blanket over the hood of the car and offered Sam a beer.  Once they were settled, looking up at the sky, Dean reached over and took Sam’s hand.  “Hey.”

Sam looked down at their joined hands.  “Dean?”

Dean's voice was soft.  “Did you know you talk in your sleep?”

“What are you talking about?”  Sam hadn't known.  What that had to do with Dean forgetting that the show was over and he could go back to being Sam's brother who hated shows of affection, he didn't know, either.

“It’s usually fragmented, a few words at most, but I’m around you when you’re asleep enough to have put it together.  The bad news: Dad too.”

Sam pulled his hand away from Dean, eyes widening a little in fear.  He was pretty sure he already knew the answer, but still, he asked.  “What are you talking about?”

Dean reached out and caught Sam's hand again, lacing his fingers through Sam's.  “I’m talking about you.  Dad didn’t want me to do this for another couple weeks, wait for your birthday, but I don’t care.  Just wanted to make sure it was a real thing, not just some bizarre dream plot.  And after tonight, I’m pretty sure it is.”

“What’s my birthday got to do with anything?”  The only thing Sam could think of was that John and Dean were going to kick him out early, but that didn't explain Dean's sudden need to hold his hand...

Dean shrugged with a wry expression.  “Honestly, not that much, and I told Dad that when I told him to take off without me.  Pretty sure you’re capable of making decisions for yourself already.  You’ve been through way more than most thirty-year-olds.  And it’s not like it’ll ever be completely legal for me to take you to the backseat of the Impala.  What do you think?  It’