?”

“A mighty Tyrannosaurus Rex,” Sam growled, trying to tug it from Dean’s hand before he could figure out what had happened. “Ready to rampage and devour the hapless herbivores of the Mesozoic era….”

“This is a freakin’ bunny rabbit,” Dean shouted, shaking the animal by the ear and hitting Sam in the face with its fluffy tail.

“In my opinion, a girl would prefer…” Sam began.

“Expert that you are.”

Sam ignored him. “A girl would prefer a cute, fluffy bunny to a dinosaur.”

Dean opened one eye, that singular green orb expressing his displeasure to its fullest extent until he happened to glance down at the wavering ground several yards below. His tan skin paled to a sickly gray and the eye snapped shut once more, the maligned rabbit falling from Dean’s lax grip and flying through the air to join Chester in whatever stuffed animal afterlife they had in store.

“Dude, I never realized a guy your age could be this afraid of heights.”

“Hey!” Dean grumbled. “I’m not afraid. I’m respectfully cautious.”

“Yeah, whatever,” Sam chuckled, tilting his head back as he put a little more effort into scaring the shit out of his brother. He swung his lanky legs as hard as he could, his laughter melding almost seamlessly with the squeaking of the metal seat, the occasional cracks and wavers that plagued his voice harmonizing perfectly with the sounds.

Even with his eyes closed, Dean’s aim was nothing to sneeze at. “Ow!” Sam yelped, jerking away as Dean’s fist hit his shoulder.

“Next one is your nose if this thing moves again.”

Sam paused, biting his lip as he considered Dean’s threat and was just about to start rocking the hell out of their bench seat when he glanced down and saw their father’s familiar glare aimed right at him, even through the brightness of the lights that lined the spokes of the Ferris wheel.

Damn if he didn’t look just like Dean at the moment.

“Dad’s here,” Sam admitted reluctantly, a tiny smidgen of guilt poking at his conscience when he saw the relief flood over Dean’s face. “He’s trying to fix the engine.”

Worry creased the smooth skin of Dean’s forehead, and he blindly swung his face in Sam’s direction. “He’s supposed to be manning the Moon Bounce right now. Is he pissed?”

“When is he ever not pissed?” Sam asked rhetorically, receiving another punch on the arm. “Especially in that outfit,” he muttered under his breath, rubbing his shoulder as he relayed the goings-on below. “Well, it looks like Dad is having one of his patented ‘you stupid bastard’ talks with Randy.”

Sam lowered his voice, growling, “The doohickey fits in the whatchamacallit, asshole. Haven’t you ever seen an engine before?”His voice rose in pitch, trilling through the air as he replied, “Why no, sir! Why don’t you be all manly and show me how to work that wrench?”“Gladly, you incompetent piece of crap. Just watch my awesomeness!”

“You know, I never thought a man dressed like an alien could be so skilled! I think the bobbling antennae add just the right amount of macho to your image.”

“That’s what all the ladies say. Yee-hup. And my dick is huge.”Dean snorted, trying to stifle what appeared to be an on-coming fit of the giggles, relaxing slightly in the seat next to Sam. “Dad would kick your ass if he heard that.”

“Good thing he can’t then,” Sam agreed. He peered over the side of the cart to check on their progress. “God, I wish I had a camera. Dad’s green spandexed ass would be my Christmas card. Bobby would get such a kick out of it.”

“Dad would get a kick out of you,” Dean reminded him, a small grin softening his tense features. “Literally.”

“I am both entranced and appalled,” Sam admitted. “It’s like a car wreck and I just can’t look away. I am undoubtedly scarred for life.”

“I’m going to tell Dad you said that.”

“Fine. He can start saving up for my therapy bills.”

The Ferris wheel gave a jerk, screeching in complaint as it inched its way around before shuddering to another stop, giving a wheezing croak that sounded like its dying breath. Dean gasped, another wash of white lightening his skin as he grasped the lap bar more tightly. “We’re gonna die.”

Sam’s hand edged closer on the bar, barely brushing the side of his brother’s to remind him of his presence. “Just lean your head back Dean.”

“What?” Dean’s eyebrows flew up in surprise, a faint sheen of sweat dotting his upper lip, his breath coming a little faster as panic crept closer.

“Lean your head back.” Sam waited until Dean gave