but then they looked at you weirdly.

“Have you ever done this kind of thing before.” Sam asked motioning to all the men. You shook your head, no another tear falling from your face. Your pussy throbbed as you still felt Dean’s hand on you. Your walls still feeling him buried balls deep inside of them. You trembled leaning back to the wall again looking down at your dirty body. 

“What he means is have you ever had sex before just now?” Dean said bluntly catching your groggy gaze. You shake your head no again watching the men’s face widen in shock, they backed away from you a few steps looking at one another.

“I can heal her.” Castiel offered looking at Dean.

“She will still go to the cops.” Dean said his hands on his hips.

“I don’t think she will Dean. She didn’t even fight once, she is scared shit less.” Sam said motioning at your shaking body. 

“We can’t take that risk, Sam.” Dean almost yelled his voice solid. 

“Cas can you take her back to the motel get her cleaned up. Sam and I will find the car and meet you there in a few hours.” Dean said going over to grab your shorts and thong. He handed them to you like it was normal for this kind of this to be happening. 

“Ok, just hold on.” Cas said reaching out to your arm in a few seconds you were zapped into a hotel room. You freaked out backing away from Castiel into the open bathroom door. 

“What the hell!” You yell holding your hands up in a panic.

“I am an Angel of the Lord. I can heal your wounds if you like.” Cas said reaching his hand out to you. You looked him over before lowering your hands slowly allowing him to get closer to you. He touched your shoulder and a second later a bright light and buzz zoomed through your body. You gasped, but it was over before you could blink twice. 

“There that should feel much better.” Cas said stepping back into the motel room. You were stunned your body had felt sore and swollen even used until just now. All you felt was the satisfied swell of your clit from your orgasm. You looked around the bathroom seeing soap in the tub. 

“Can I shower now?” You asked Castiel your hands covering your exposed sex. 

“Of course, just leave your messy clothes here.” He said patting the sink before closing the door for you to shower. You instantly looked for a way to get out some how like a window maybe. There was nothing not even a vent for steam to leave through meaning you were trapped with a fucker that forced you to give your first blow job. You started to cry again in frustration until your body went into auto piolet and you started getting undress and showered. The water felt amazing and at least the crazy angel healed you completely. Every time your pussy throbbed your thought of Dean’s cock ramming into you. Shampoo and body wash cleaned away all the dirt and pebbles still embedded in your skin. 

“Are you almost done?” Cas asked knocking on the door making you jump from your thoughts.

“Out in a second.” You called back turning off the water quickly to find a towel to wrap around yourself to discover none. You get behind the door before opening it just a crack seeing Castiel still on the other side with a sad smile and wave. 

“Can you bring me a towel please?” You ask throwing him off guard.

“Oh yes, a towel. I forgot how showers work my apologies.” Cas said scrambling to get a towel. You smile slightly watching him search around and fumble with stuff every now and again. He brought you a blue towel smelling of Dean you froze for a moment remembering the two other men were on their way here. You had almost forgotten what had just happened to you when tears started to run down your face again as you toweld off. You had to get out of here some way. Castiel knocked again rushing you out of the small bathroom, you stepped out with the towel secure around your body. 

“Do you want to sleep?” Castiel asked motioning to the bed next to him.

“I just want to go home.” You said not looking at him, but down at your feet trying to look as sad as possible. You were an actor damn it you could act your way out of this. 

“You can’t go home. You will get used to all of us, I apologize your first time was like that. My first partner killed me.” Castiel said putting a hand on your shoulder in understanding. You meet his clear blue gaze complementing his black hair in a perfect way. He was too perfect to be a normal man and did he just say he was killed. There was no way out of this at least with him as your guard dog. 

“Then yea, I want to go to sleep.” You say moving to the bed. You get under the blankets before taking the towel off. You