, totally un-hilarious irony to this.

 

~

 

“I can’t do anything.  I’m sorry,” Castiel says but doesn’t feel; it’s as though his emotions have reverted back to how they used to be, filtered and distant, when he first entered Jimmy Novak’s body. 

It’s entirely possible that this is what humans refer to as shock.  But the condition, if indeed that is what he suffers from in this moment, is misnamed.  Shock implies violent sensation, and there is no violent anything.  Merely emptiness, as though part of him died the moment he realised that he can’t do anything for Dean.

“If only-“ If only what?  He lost his powers long ago, and it’s a mercy (or a curse, for the reminder it forces him to live with of his former glory) that he still holds his old form, even though his wings, contrary to Dean’s dying insistence, are withering and moulting, a shade of what they used to be.

“It’s fine, Cas, really-“ Another coughing fit, and Dean convulses in Castiel’s arms.

On an impulse, he shifts from Dean’s side to behind him, shuffling back till he feels a wall behind him and pulling the dying man into his chest.  He can feel Dean’s spinal cord through their shirts, and he doesn’t understand how he didn’t notice Dean wasting away, growing thinner and thinner as opportunities to eat properly became more and more rare.  “No, Dean,” he says gently, “it’s not.”

He’s in your care, Castiel, Zachariah tells him with a smirk underscoring the words and Castiel doesn’t understand but he is a soldier and he will obey; and he does, even when he’s cast out and perhaps this was God’s plan for Castiel, some punishment for the inevitability of his falling because Dean is dying and there is nothing he can do-

Dean manages to turn slightly, sagging into Castiel before mustering enough energy to force his eyes upwards to meet Castiel’s, pain bright and sharp in his gaze.  “Dude, I can feel you freaking out.  Just – it’s alright, really.  I mean, I’m going to heaven, right?  That’s what happened last time, anyway, and I reckon if I am then Sammy’s going to be there too, yeah?”

There could be no God, no angel, cruel enough to cast either Winchester into perdition after all this; so Castiel nods, because he will believe that.

He must.

“Will you?”

No.

“Cas, promise me you’ll be there.”

And so he says “yes,” because he will never refuse Dean anything, will turn himself mortal and then kill himself and fight his way to heaven if that’s what is required.

Dean relaxes, lets his eyelids droop closed.

 

~

 

Dean can feel himself drifting off into sleep, the pain softening as his body adjusts (it always does, or did, since he’s pretty damn sure it’s not going to get much opportunity after this to do that.) 

But he’s not stupid – sleep now would be fucking dying, and he’s fine with that, except there’s something he wants to ask.  One final question, because he’s curious.  “Hey, Cas,” he mumbles, too weak to turn his face around.  “I can see you now, ‘cause I’m dying.”

“Yes.”  Cas’s voice is cautious; he sounds confused, like he’s not sure if that was a statement or an actual question. 

Dean’s not sure either, really – he’s still hoping, maybe, that at the last minute Cas will do his thing and just whip something out of his ass, something that might save Dean  – and it might be fucking stupid but he can’t help it.

“So I figure that if I see you,” he stops to moisten his throat, “then I can hear your real voice?”

 

~

 

“Yes.”

Truth be told, Castiel isn’t entirely sure; but it isn’t an unreasonable leap of faith to assume that, if Dean is able to bear an accurate visualisation of Castiel’s true being, then the same might be made for his ability to process Castiel’s voice.  “What would you like me to say?” he asks.

For a moment there’s no response and Castiel feels his human form tense, feels his wings prepare to fold in and cover them as a gesture of mourning, a yearning for privacy in a world that offers nothing but destruction.

But then Dean turns his face away from Castiel’s chest, tries to pull himself up slightly (blood flowing more freely over Castiel’s fingers from around the knife in Dean’s chest) and Castiel shifts again, so Dean is cradled in his arms.  It’s effortless for him, but the way Dean twitches, a very light