of you inside. A soon as he released you, two arms wrapped around you from behind, and you were lifted up from the ground. Sam held you for some time like that, making you giggle at the tall guys actions.

Only minutes later you were sat on a couch, a cold beer in your hands, and Sam and Dean on either side of you. You were talking about this and that - mostly just recent events and hunts - when a confused looking Cas walked into the room. You got up, giving the angel a quick hug. You really wanted to linger around him, but you knew hiding your feelings would et harder the longer you were around him. You didn’t see Sam and Dean exchanging a look.

“So, (YN), anyone been warming your bed lately?”, Dean asked, grinning slightly as your eyebrow rose, Cas settling besides Sam.

“Dean, we’re not talking about my love life right now!”, you laughed, gently shoving Dean.

“That means no, right?” In answer, you just rolled your eyes. “Great! Means I have a chance!”, Dean laughed.

“Keep dreaming, Winchester.”, you answered, shaking your head fondly.

“Yeah, Dean. Keep dreaming. We both know I’m the better choice!”, Sam chimed in, his arm wrapping around you to pull you to his side.

Cas felt… something he hadn’t felt before. He quickly calmed himself down before acting up on his feelings, which would’ve made everything awkward.

“Well! I need to pee!”, you exclaimed, giggling.

“And I’ll get more beer!”, Dean answered, leaving the room only a few seconds after you. Sam let out a sigh, eyeing Cas out of the corner of his eye.

“I think Dean has a chance with her, you know? They’re pretty close.”, Sam mumbled, obviously in thought.

Cas growled, which took him by surprise. And why was his chest aching all of a sudden? He noticed how the feeling started when you were talking about your love life. How he felt relieved when you said you weren’t with anyone. Without saying a word, Cas flew away and in front of the bathroom you were in.

You ran into Castiel as you left the bathroom. Confused, and slightly dazed, you looked up, directly into Cas’ blue eyes. You wanted to pull away, but Cas kept you close to him by holding onto your shoulders.

Suddenly his lips were on yours, a strange, yet amazing scent in your nose. Without thinking you kissed him back, pouring every ounce of feeling into the kiss.

Cas pulled away, about to say something, but you pulled him back, shutting him up by kissing him. Finally you had the chance to touch him, and you wouldn’t let it go to waste.

Suddenly you were up against the wall, Cas’ hands holding your wrists over your head. A predatory look was on his face, and yet he seemed to hold back. A whine tore itself from your throat as you struggled slightly.

“I don’t want anybody to have sex with you, (YN)…”, he mumbled. “Nobody else can touch you… I want… I… I need you…”

“Then take me.”, you whispered back. His lips were on yours again, and suddenly you were back in the bathroom, Cas fumbling with your shirt while your hands the holding his head.

His lips travelled down your neck, making goosebumps rise on your flesh. A chuckle from him made you realize that your shirt was off, and your nipples were already waiting for attention. His tongue circled one of them, making you suppress a wanton moan. Fuck, how was he so good at this?

He just wouldn’t switch nipples. No matter how much you begged him to, he ignored the other one completely. The pleasure from only one nipple being teased bordering on pain, but it felt so good.

Acting up on a feeling, you moved your hand to the front of his trousers, stroking the obvious bulge there through his pants.

“(YN)”, Cas whispered. “I wanted to take my time, you little minx.” Keeping eye contact with him, you snuck your hand into his pants, feeling the texture and heat of his cock. Cas growled, and you couldn’t suppress a shudder.

Suddenly both you and Cas were naked, his fingers teasing your wet folds.

“Can I…?”, he asked, and you felt touched at his concern. You nodded, pulling Cas in for a kiss as his fingers pressed into your heat.

Before you knew it, you had your legs wrapped around Cas’ hips, his cock inches from your entrance while his fingers were still buried inside of you.

Slowly, he eased his fingers from you, taking his cock into his hand and teasing your slit. He positioned himself by you entrance, seeking your gaze for consent. You nodded, and his cock slowly pushed into you.

His pace was slow at first, testing the waters, but