enough to respond to his questions. "Just… head east on Main and then go right when it intersects Pine Street. You can't miss it."

"Thanks. Make sure to wash the blood off your hands and hide that knife somewhere," Sam said hurriedly as he bent down to slip his arms underneath Dean's knees and shoulders, not caring how much his back protested hefting his brother's full weight into a bridal-style carry. The older hunter's eyes cracked open at the movement and he whimpered pitifully, unconsciously trying to curl into a ball and protect his middle, and Sam took off running toward the church doors as fast as his long legs could carry him.

He reached the Impala in record time, gently laying Dean across the passenger side of the front seat before climbing in himself, one hand on the steering wheel and the other keeping pressure on the still-gushing wound.

"S…am…" Dean whispered, barely able to force the words out between his helpless gasps for air. In the dim illumination provided by the streetlights, Sam could see his older brother's lips beginning to turn a pale shade of blue. "Don' wanna die… yet, S'mmy… 's what I c'nfessed 'n there… 'm scared, Sammy… I don' wanna d… die yet…"

"Okay, Dean," Sam said softly, holding back tears as he took a moment to give his brother's hand a reassuring squeeze before returning to holding pressure over the blood-soaked cloth. "Hang in there, man, we're gonna get you some help. It's all gonna be okay."

He sped through every red light between the church and hospital and wove wildly between the slower cars that blocked his way, nearly hitting a couple of different people and not even caring, and reached the ER parking lot in under two minutes. Wasting no more time, he ran around to the passenger side, reaching in and hefting Dean into his arms a second time as he made a beeline for the ER doors. His brother wheezed and moaned with every movement but stayed still, drifting in and out of consciousness as Sam took them both into the crowded lobby.

"Help! My brother needs help!" the younger hunter cried, drawing the attention of several nearby employees. Within seconds he found himself surrounded by a pack of doctors and nurses in multi-colored scrubs and Dean was being taken from him, head lolling limply back and forth on the gurney as they wheeled him away toward the trauma ward. Before he could even think to try and follow after them they were gone, heavy double doors swinging shut behind them and leaving Sam alone in the waiting room with nothing but his own panic and despair.

It took several hours for anyone to bring Sam news about his brother's condition, and when Dean's doctor finally arrived, he had to try very hard not to shake the man until his teeth rattled out of pure desperation.

"How is he?" he demanded instead, hands clenched into fists at his sides to try and hide how hard they were trembling.

"Your brother is lucky you brought him in when you did, Mr. Hensley," the balding man answered, looking very calm despite the fact that his scrubs were covered in blood – most likely Dean's. "Whoever stabbed him was definitely trying to do some damage. The tip of the knife punctured his duodenum, which is the upper part of the small intestine, and that allowed some of the contents to spill out into his abdominal cavity. It also severed the artery that feeds that part of the intestine, which is why he was hemorrhaging so severely."

Sam suddenly felt like his legs were made of jelly, and he barely had enough time to plop himself down into a chair before they decided to give out entirely. He buried his face in his hands and heard the doctor asking him if he was okay, knew the man was telling him to take deep breaths, but he couldn't bring himself to care. He wasn't a doctor, but he knew enough about the human body to know that injuries like that were extremely serious, and it just reaffirmed the horrific thought that had been swimming around in his mind since they had arrived at the hospital:

His brother had almost died tonight. Not because of the Mark of Cain, or an attack by a demon or angel, but because of one run-of-the-mill vengeful spirit. And if he had, all of the work Sam had been doing to try and cure his brother would have been for nothing. He closed his eyes, taking deep breaths through his nose and reminding himself, "It's okay, he made it through. He's okay,"over and over until he could feel his heartrate returning to normal and his panicky, staccato breaths evening out.

Once he'd calmed himself he looked back up at the doctor, who seemed about half a second away from admitting him as well, and smiled sheepishly.

"Sorry, it's just a lot to take in.