produced a saltshaker standing on the palm of his hand, brandishing a bottle of tequila with the other.

“Uh, Dean…,” Sam interrupted, or tried to as his obviously insane brother began to coat his damp chest with salt like he was a human margarita. Sam bucked, just a little, to get his attention. “Have you already had a bottle of that this morning? I’m just...uh…curious.”

Dean pouted theatrically, setting the shaker aside. “You think I’m drunk? You think I could drug you and then carry your heavy ass out here and tie you to the hood of my car while drunk? I let you have the last beer to make my nefarious scheme work! I practically slipped a disc getting you out here! This is my well-crafted and…honed…and strategic plan of vengeance! This is evil genius here, Sam, and I don’t think you’re appreciating it!” Dean got that I’ll-show-you look on his face and shoved a lemon wedge into Sam’s mouth. “Now shut up.” With that, he shimmied down Sam’s body and poured a liberal amount of tequila in Sam’s belly button until it formed a pale pool in the flat of his brother’s stomach.

Sam sucked his breath in sharply, the tequila rippling faintly as his body trembled with anticipation. OK…not possessed…insanity still a very likely possibility…or else I’ve been a very good boy this year and Santa came early. He winced as Dean slurped loudly at the liquid warming his skin before trailing his tongue up the line of Sam’s body, licking up the salt like a cat with cream. …if I don’t first…deadKITTENS….

With his body nearly perfectly aligned with Sam’s beneath him, Dean dragged the tip of his tongue up Sam’s throat and drew it up with a curl off his chin…like a not-dead kitten, Sam thought randomly...before darting in with surprising quickness to meld his lips to Sam’s, using his nearly prehensile tongue to scoop the lemon wedge out of Sam’s mouth.

Whoa…. Sam blinked owlishly at the unique taste of lemon-flavored, tequila marinated Dean-tongue as his brother grinned down at him like a contented monkey, the lemon rind still covering his teeth. Dean spat it over the side of the car, sliding back down into position over his brother. “I can tie a double knot in a cherry stem, ya know,” he bragged good-naturedly, before leaning in to nip at Sam’s lower lip. Sam craned his neck up to capture Dean’s mouth as best he could, needing another taste of his brother.

Dean evaded him smoothly, laughter rumbling deep in his chest as he lapped up the line of Sam’s throat before liberally applying more salt. Dean authoritatively told Sam, “Open up, but don’t swallow.” With an eyebrow arched inquisitively, Sam obeyed, disappointed when the taste of tequila washed over his tongue. With a languorous stretch, Dean again met his mouth, using the suction to drink from his brother as his lower body rubbed deliciously against Sam’s. Sam whimpered, spilling tequila over his cheeks and making Dean snort with amusement, leading to a sputtering coughing fit as Dean tried to collect himself. “Shit, Sam. Keep still! You drown me and you’re stuck here until someone comes to untie you.” Dean grinned maliciously, “And Bobby won’t be back for another week.” Sam nodded mutely, his tongue running over his lips seeking the mingled taste of tequila and Dean.

Dean carefully screwed the cap back on the bottle before flinging it aside. “Too dangerous to our health. I want to live through this.” Dean sat back in his usual spot low on Sam’s belly, running his fingers absently up and down his brother’s sides, making Sam squirm to try to keep from giggling. “Now that chicken stunt you pulled…that was classic. But chicken was not suitable for this mission. I looted Bobby’s pantry and he had nada – no whipped cream, no chocolate sauce, nothing! That man needs to learn to experiment,” Dean pouted, before breaking into a lecherous grin. “But I did discover this!” With another flourish fit for kiddie magicians at birthday parties, Dean proudly flashed his find.

“Spray cheese?” Sam yelped, thunking his head back against the windshield again. Ow. “Are you serious, Dean?”

Dean frowned at it thoughtfully. “You’re right. The chemicals in it might eat through my baby.” Dean tossed it to join the rest of the detritus surrounding the car, lovingly running a hand over the sheen of the Impala’s hood alongside Sam’s body as he murmured reassurances under his breath.

Sam rolled his eyes, bucking once more to regain his brother’s attention. “Dean, you’re…cooing…at the car.”

Dean snorted. “Jealous? I haven’t cooed at you since you