Can I talk to you?”

“Sure.  What’s up?”  Dean closed the door behind them.  “There a reason you’re coming to me instead of Sammy?”

“Yes.”  Castiel went over to one of the walls, staring intently at one of the swords.  “I’m worried.  I think Sam may be having second thoughts.”

“Uhoh.”  Dean came over to stand beside him.  “Dude, I’ll admit, the proposal was kinda out of nowhere, but the two of you have seemed so in love I’m just wondering how I missed it before.  Why do you think Sam’s thinking about backing out?”

“Every time I go looking for Sam, I find him with Gabriel, and as soon as they notice me they stop talking and shove whatever they’re working on out of sight.  So I’m concerned… what if… Sam barely knew the real Gabriel.  He just knew Loki.  The real Gabriel is so much…”

Dean grabbed Cas's shoulders.  “Whoa.  Cas.  Calm down.  I’m sure there’s a perfectly good explanation for it, but if you’re worried… why don’t you go talk to Sam?  Ask him about Gabriel.  Tell him you’re worried.  If you’re worried that Sam won’t tell you the truth, talk to Gabe.”

“So you… you haven’t noticed anything?  Nothing weird with them?”  If Dean said so, then Castiel could calm down.  A little.  Dean had missed Sam's love for Cas.

“Nah.  I mean, yeah, they’re hanging out, and if you’d asked me three weeks ago I’d have said that in itself was weird, but the way Sam looks at you when the two of you are together, the way he talks about you… he’s in love with you, man.  Don’t blow this because you’re paranoid.  Just talk to them.  Both of them at once, maybe.  I’ll come with you, but you gotta do the talking.”

“No, I’ll… thank you, but I’ll handle this myself.  I’m going to go think for a bit.”  Castiel left, turning over Dean’s words in his head.

 

The night before the wedding, Sam retreated to his bedroom relatively early.  Cas followed him.  “Sam?”

“Hey, Cas.”  Sam gave him a hug and a quick kiss.  “So glad all of this is over tomorrow.  I don’t know how people handle it when they’re actually planning a big wedding and don’t have an archangel to handle the food.”

“So you’re glad Gabriel’s around?”  Castiel had managed to squelch his fears, but now they were coming back.  He tried to ignore the jealousy pooling in his stomach.

“Yeah.  It’s weird, but he’s become a good friend.  Never would’ve thought that would happen."  Sam smiled.  "He’s so different now.”

“Do you regret asking me to marry you?”

Sam’s eyes got huge and he put his hands on Cas’s hips.  “Never.  I mean, I kind of regret the way it happened, but honestly, I don’t know what else could’ve broken through my self-doubt.  Just ask Gabriel.  Not only does he get to listen to me gush about you in person, apparently he’s been getting the prayers of thanks I say every night when I close my eyes.”

“Oh."  Castiel's brow wrinkled.  "Shouldn’t I be getting those?”

“You’re not?  Well then.”  Sam knelt at Cas’s feet.  “Castiel, thank you.  Thank you so much.  You’ve given me so much more than I deserve, and I hope never to prove ungrateful or unworthy of your generosity.  Please help me continue to be who you think I am, even when I lose my faith.”

Castiel rolled his eyes, but smiled as he ran his hands through Sam’s hair.  “Granted.  Help me do the same.”

 

The wedding began after lunch.  It was very simple – Dean’s guy giving a quick speech about the sanctity of marriage, asking the questions to get the “I do”s, and then asking for their vows.

Cas went first.  “Sam, when I came to Earth, I was so afraid to meet you.  You were everything I was supposed to set myself against.  There are no words for how wrong I was, and how important it is to me that you forgave me for that and allowed me to redeem myself.  Every time I mess up, you’re there to catch me, to keep me from falling too far.  You’re my redemption, Sam.  And I’m yours.  I swear to remain by your side, to catch you when you fall, and to reach out to you when I need help, for all of eternity.”

Sam