to the cage when we found out about Lucifer.”

“So?  Wouldn’t it be better for the two of you to be around each other?”

Sam shook his head.  “We Skype and Facetime as often as we can.  It’s helping, which is why I think meeting up might be a good idea.  I miss my angel.”

“Well.  Let’s go check out the decomposing composer, then.”

 

Cas agreed to the meetup enthusiastically.  He and Claire had just found and slain the werewolf, so they agreed to come to Kutztown.  “I always liked Beethoven’s music.  Very powerful.  We can probably get there in time to go tonight, and report our experience to you when you arrive tomorrow.”

“You paid attention to human music?”

“Of course.  His Ode to Joy is practically a hymn.  See you soon.”

When they met up, Claire told them all about the experience.  They’d gotten there shortly before midnight, which is when reports said the music would start.  Cas heard it first – angel senses – precisely at midnight.  Claire didn’t recognize any of the songs, but she knew it was Beethoven.  “You know.  The loud angry DAH-Dah-Dah-DAAAAAAAAH, DAH-Dah-Dah-DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH.”

Cas rolled his eyes.  “The Fifth Symphony.”

Claire grinned.  “The tinkly de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-dooooo.”

“Für Elise,” Castiel clarified.

“Sorry I’m not a classical music nerd like you.”  Claire stuck her tongue out at Cas.  “We were out there four hours before Cas couldn’t hear any more.”

“It started very faintly, ended very faintly, but for most of the time it was loud enough that anyone should be able to hear it.  Unless, like Beethoven, they were deaf.  I tried to locate it, but it seemed to be coming from all directions.”  Castiel looked over at Dean.  “No sulfur, but there was a drop in temperature right around midnight and a rise in temperature around four a.m.  It could just be the daily weather cycle, but since the sun didn’t come up for quite some time after, I don’t think so.”

“So we’re thinking ghost?  I’m still thinking kid with iPod, but the cold sounds weird.”  Dean looked over to Sam.  “What kind of ghost haunts a cemetery by playing creepy music?”

Sam shrugged.  “I don’t know.  Why don’t you go talk to people, and I’ll look for recent deaths in the area, see if we can come up with some kind of theory?”

Claire groaned.  “Are you gonna make me come with you, Sam?”

“Nah, you’re plenty old enough to be a reporter.  If you’d rather talk to people than go take a nap, that is.”  Dean winked at Cas.  “Besides, I don’t trust Cas with interviews ever since the time he decided the most productive use of his time was interviewing a freakin’ cat.”

Claire giggled.  “A cat?  Really, Cas?”

“He knew something about what was going on.”  Castiel stepped over to stand beside Sam.  “If Claire’s going with Dean, then I should go with you and help you research.”

“Yeah, that’d be nice.  Dean, I’ll call you if Cas and I find something…”

“Oh god, please don’t.”

“Dean!”  Sam’s eyes nearly bugged out.  “We’re working, here!  I’m not you.”

“Duh.  I wouldn’t even be bothering with pretending to work on the case and you know it.  C’mon, Claire.  Let’s get out of here before you get any more traumatized.”  Claire had been looking a little green, but it cleared up as she followed Dean to the Impala.

Castiel watched them go.  “You didn’t mean anything like that, did you?”

“No.  I meant research.  Figure out this case.  I miss you, but I’m pretty sure that I’m not ready to jump right back in.”

Castiel’s shoulders relaxed and he reached out to take Sam’s hand.  “Good.  I’m much better, but not enough.”

 

When they met up for dinner, both teams had come to the same conclusion.  It wasn’t necessarily a ghost, but a haunted object.  Carl Schmidt had been buried a month earlier with his beloved viola, an instrument he’d always bragged had once belonged to Beethoven.  He could never prove it, so he never sent it to a museum.

“So Beethoven’s viola is decomposing.  Do we… do something about it?” Dean asked around his burger.  “It’s not really hurting anything, is it?”

“Kutztown could even use it as a tourist attraction, until the viola is rotted away,” Claire suggested.  She popped a couple of fries into her mouth.  “