break down before the discarded form of his brother.)

But before that – before time begins, before he looks at humanity with anything more than mild curiosity – that’s when they live, that’s when they’re happy.

Anael complains to him about angels not being able to love in the seventh century, and Balthazar nods polite agreement as he echoes the conversation back to Castiel (his Castiel) and the other angel laughs, sending shivers of pleasure through their link (profound and strong and there in a way Balthazar isn’t linked to any of the others).

Either she’s wrong, or we aren’t true angels, Castiel tells him.


Sometimes, he doubts himself; but if Castiel isn’t an angel, then he must be God.



They say that the Morningstar shone brightest, that he was resplendent beyond all others.


They can’t have seen Castiel in the aftermath of climax, or running through the Gardens, or in the Golden Fields with his face tilted to the sky, or at all.







~

 

He remembers. 

“I remember,” Balthazar tries to explain, waving away a glass of water, but Sam merely looks confused, and there’s nothing (too much) to say so he gives up and asks instead, “Where is Castiel?”

Because that’s always been the question, even when he couldn’t remember.

The Winchesters and their surrogate father exchange glances, and Dean starts talking, hesitant and defensive and you’re in love with him too, aren’t you? Balthazar realises. 

At some point, he’ll care about that; but for now, he’ll look at maps and records of weather and miracles, at books and to his long, failing memory for some impossible way to summon the only Horseman that could ever really matter (because Azra’il stands above their Father, above the universe herself for that fateful day when everything will fall under Death’s scythe.)

He doesn’t know who brought him back, but he knows.

It’s always the same, always the same name to blame the same Father to curse, hidden away and shrouded from scrutiny and any possible hope of reprimand.

~


Castiel is dead, Raphael tells Balthazar with no anger, no sorrow, no concern; the good soldier, doing what he must to ensure that what should happen will happen, and Balthazar leaves in an instant, catching the slightest flicker of surprise across Raphael’s Grace before he’s overlooking an Antarctic valley, blessedly empty.  


No, he thinks.  No.

No.  This time, it trembles through his Grace, vibrating in his soul.

NO.

A few penguins shriek in fear, and he ignores the sound of their eardrums bursting with soundless pops that ring out, intrusive and gratifying.  Because for the first time, Balthazar is reaching out and up, spreading his being through the world in a way that reminds him jarringly of just how different they are to humanity.

Father.

FATHER.


DEUS, PATER, PATER, HEUS-


Hello, Balthazar.

 

~

 

“I’m sorry, but…how the fuck are you still alive?”

Soulless or Lucifer’s vessel, Balthazar will always be a million times more fond of Sam than of Dean (not because of the way Castiel looks at the older Winchester sometimes, or of the number of times Castiel has died for that moron, because he didn’t remember).  But he can’t muster the energy (not now that he remembers) to bother with a retort.  “I don’t know,” he says dully (lie, because he never died).  “And as much as I’d love to speculate – don’t you have more pressing concerns?”

Some sort of jibe about psychotic angels with illusions of godhood turned to monster carrier promises to form till Balthazar realises with a sickening twist somewhere in his vessel’s gut that this is Castiel.

Cas, Dean calls him like it’s a good thing to take the most important part of Balthazar’s brother’s name from him – as though he’s not worth the time to worship every syllable of that name.


Cas-ti-el.



I love you.








~

 

I can’t.


He feels the shrug ripple through the valley, echo on some plane above the physical, but below the astral – somewhere that is for Balthazar and his Father, for this conversation that reminds him how to be an angel, devoid of cynicism and wit that he falls into every time he manifests in human form.



Fuck Anael; this is how to love, or at least this is how Balthazar can love Castiel-


Could love Castiel, if his Father has his way.

Then do not.  Castiel is my son, but I have lost many sons.

But none of them are Castiel, none of them are my Castiel, Balthazar wants to cry out to the stars, and if he gives up his memories (the memories that his Father, for some inexplicable reason, wants to take from him) then he won’t be Balthazar anymore.

A life for a life, his Father