Sam bites.

"Shove it, kid," Dean growls, again so much like his older self, and disappears up the stairs with the water.

Jess sighs. Well, this went wonderfully.

"Let's go back to sleep, Sam."

"I'm sorry," Sam rests his forehead on her shoulder. He places a soft kiss on her skin.

"It's okay."

It's not okay. But she's got her Sam with her, and as long as that fact remains, she has hope that it will, someday, be okay.

 

The morning passes without so much as a glimpse of the future folk. At some point during breakfast – scrambled eggs again, because that's all the-guy-whose-place-they're-staying-at seems to know how to make and Jess doesn't feel like intervening – she hears the pretty distinctive sound of gunshots and jumps, startled. Beside her, Sam tenses but relaxes almost immediately, like it was the suddenness of the noise that surprised him and not the fact that there are guns going off not a mile away from them.

Around noon, older Dean stumbles back into the house, clearing his throat and adjusting the sweat-soaked collar of his shirt, with his Sam in tow. Not-her-Sam is doing that cute thing where he's all 'I can't see you, so you can't see me either', avoiding her eyes , anyone's eyes really, as he and older Dean exchange a few words with the-guy-whose-place-they're-staying-at before they head upstairs.

They appear downstairs in time for lunch, skin flushed from the shower and looking refreshed. Older Sam is wearing flannel and jeans, and Jess is both amused and reassured that some things never change. That it's not a stranger sitting there with them at the table, avoiding her gaze – which she sort of understands, but still hurts – with determination she's used to seeing directed at books and pouting at the greasy food like it personally offends him. It's Sam.

After they take care of the dishes, both Deans, older Sam and the guy-whose-place-they're-staying-at (she has got to catch his name sometime) shut themselves in one of the rooms down the hall to discuss the best course of action from here on out. When her Sam makes a move to join them, older Sam shakes his head with a sad smile and tells him firmly, "You're out. You got out. We'll tell you what you need to know, later. Right now, stay with her. Don't throw away everything you've built together."

The group stays there until dinner, which they eat in silence before returning to the room for more discussions of strategy.

Around ten-thirty Jess decides to call it a night. She tells Sam and he nods and follows her up the stairs. They fall onto bed together, exhausted. It's been a long week, for both of them.

 

Jess wakes up with an urgency her body immediately translates as the need to pee. She remembers dreaming about her and Sam and a bunch of blond, hazel-eyed children playing cowboys with real guns. It's not her Sam in the dream, though. It's other Sam. Older Sam. Which is fucked up, and should worry her, but is so minor in comparison to everything she's experienced in the last week or so, so she brushes it off to think about later.

At the moment, she pushes current Sam's head off her stomach where it's squishing her bladder, and sits up groggily. Sam makes an attempt to talk, but it comes out gurgled and she smiles affectionately, brushing his hair away from his closed eyes.

"Bathroom. Be right back," she promises in a quiet whisper and kisses his eyebrow. She straightens out her pants – little fuckers tried to reach her shoulders again – and tiptoes out the door.

Older Dean and Sam's room is on the way to the bathroom, so it's totally not her fault that she hears them. She's worried, that's what she is. That's why she puts her ear to the door after the first sound comes through. Just to make sure they're okay.

She knows what Sam sounds like when he's having sex. Has heard it countless of times up close. Has committed it to memory, has played it over and over again in her mind when Sam's been gone for too long and she had to take care of things herself. Little grunts and high, breathy moans. The occasional whimper. And that's what coming through the door right now. Which could only mean one thing. One too big and too mind-blowing thing. She balks, but crowds further against the door, trying to catch the rest. Maybe she's mistaken. This could be another nightmare,