“Push at them how?”

“Jesus, are you just gonna keep spitting out the same questions over and over again?” she shoots rhetorically. “I don’t know. I just push at them with my head and then they leave. Sometimes I have to push harder than others.”

“What happens to them when you push them?”

She bits her lower lip. “I don’t really know. It’s like… I know they find it uncomfortable and it hurts. I asked Millie once if I could push at her and have her tell me what it felt like.”

Dean flips through his notes. “Millie…. Millicent Cooper, the one you say is a 1950s starlet?”

“Yes. She said it was like when she was alive and her funny bone would get hit, real bad. She said it hurt, but it was the kind of pain you can’t ignore. And she said it lasted for a long time after I stopped.” Farrah pauses and then calls out. “Sorry about that Mil.” She pauses again and her eyes are clearly directed to someone, something at her right. “I know, but I still feel shitty about it.” She turns back to Dean. “She also says she felt really weak and shaky.” Farrah’s eyes flick back to the empty space. “You never told me that before.” Pause. “Well I do feel bad and I was gonna feel bad anyway, you should’ve told me.” Another pause and then she laughs at something. “Okay, okay.” She turns back to Dean. “That’s all she’s got.”

“So what kind of problems make you threaten a ghost?”

“I dunno. Like if they’re mean to the tourists, or to the other spirits. Or we had one that was pyrokinetic and would set fire to stuff. Or they are really destructive with hotel property. Or sometimes I just get a real bad vibe off them. Like I walk into a room and I know they’re there and it feels… stained. Or tarnished.”

“How do they usually take it?”

“Like kids who’ve been caught doing something naughty and are pretty sure you can’t touch them. They get snarly and mean and flashy, trying to show off their mojo or whatever. Toss some stuff around, try to toss me around.” She huffs. “A ghost hasn’t been able to move me or Oliver without my permission since I was six.”

The same age she was when she went into Room 43.

“And after you push at them?”

“Sometimes they still try to act out and get a rise out of me. Sometimes they just leave right away. Cross over or go haunt somewhere else. I don’t really know. I just know they leave.”

Dean wonders if any of his haunts have ever overlapped with ghosts that have been kicked out of Cross Creek.

“So you think you’re what, Professor Xavier’s school for gifted spooks?”

She bristles at his tone. “You know, I didn’t ask you to come here and I didn’t ask you to help and I think I’ve been really good at answering your questions, but I’m done for today.” She pushes her chair back and gets up, stretching her back and legs with audible pops from her spine and knees.

Dean sigh is rueful and deep. “Look, I… In my line of work, I’ve never met a ghost, sprit or spook that wasn’t seriously fucked up and trying to do harm or just plain bat-shit crazy and causing trouble. This whole… situation you got going on here? It’s a new one on me and I’ve been hunting since I was eight.”

She eyeballs him. “Was it something you wanted to do?”

He shrugs. “Yeah, why not? I’m good at it. My dad did it.”

“It’s pretty much the same for me. My dad did it and he was good at it. It was never something I thought about ‘not’ doing.”

He mulls that over, nodding slowly as he does, and he thinks he gets it. He’s about to say something else when her attention goes from him to something lower down by her waist.

“Calm down,” she says immediately and then crouches down. “Okay, okay.” She looks up at Dean. “Charlie needs to talk to us. I can make him corporeal so you can see and hear him.”

“You can do that?”

She nods like it’s obvious. “Yeah, it’s what I do for the disco every year. It’s their one chance a year to be corporeal again.” She turns back to the empty space that must be Charlie and as she does, Dean can feel the air shift. The back of his neck tingles and the fine hair on his arm stands up with a prickly sensation crawling across his skin. As he watches, a little boy with a dark