sound of his own voice. Even if it was just his imagination, it at least made it sound like someone was talking to him, instead of just talking around him and pretending he wasn't even there. Sam might be able to make it for long periods of time without talking to people much, but Dean just wasn't that way; he needed constant companionship, support, reassurance, even though he vehemently denied that fact. That was why he always looked forward to lunch with Sam. The two of them could sit on opposite sides of the table, never saying a word, and yet know everything about what the other was feeling.

So when Dean walked into the lunchroom today, he instantly sensed that something was off with Sam, and it raised his hackles immediately. He scanned the cafeteria for whatever was making him so uneasy, his darting gaze settling on his brother when he spotted him on the other side of the room. Dean's eyes narrowed to slits when he saw the look on his little brother's face; even from the other side of the room, Dean could see him fighting valiantly not to burst into tears while another boy shouted something at him. He was in full-on big brother mode in an instant, dashing through the middle of the room until he reached Sam and placed a firm hand on his shoulder.

"Sammy? What's going on?" he asked softly, watching in satisfaction when the other boy backed up a couple of steps in the face of Dean's glare.

"D-Dean… I…"

"It's okay. You can tell me, you know that."

"Dean, did Mom leave because of me?" Sam's voice was soft, barely a whisper, and it was obvious that he was speaking through tears that were warring with him to break free.

"…What?" Dean stared at Sam incredulously.

"Was it my fault? Mikey was saying that Mom left because sh-she wished I wasn't ever born, and that's w-why Dad… Dad's always g-gone…"

Dean stood still for a second, hearing Sam's voice choking up and feeling like he had just been punched in the stomach.

"You little son of a –!" he roared, charging at the younger boy and pinning him against the wall by the collar of his shirt. "You wanna run that by me again, huh? You wanna tell me you think our mom didn't love us? Didn't love Sam? Come on, tough guy! Say it again! I dare you!" The younger boy stared wide-eyed at Dean, fearful tears pooling in his eyes when Dean shook him roughly. "Oh, so you got nothin' to say to me now, huh? Can't pick on someone bigger than you?"

"Dean, stop…" Sam whispered, his eyes wide as he pulled at Dean's sleeve. "You'll get in trouble again, and –"

"I don't care, Sam! He had no right to say that to you! No right! I'm gonna teach this little punk never to mess w –"

Dean was completely caught off guard when a fist smashed into the side of his face, blacking his eye and splitting the skin over his cheekbone before sending him crashing to the floor. He heard Sam scream his name, and then he was roughly jerked up by the collar of his shirt, held up above the floor by a boy of fifteen or sixteen – a ninth grader, if Dean had to hazard a guess. He thought his name might be Ray, but he couldn't really remember.

"You think you can go around threatening my little brother, bastard?" the older boy snarled in a deeper voice than Dean's, dropping him to the floor and shoving him roughly.

Dean clenched his jaw, speaking his next words through gritted teeth; being called a bastard was the one insult that ever really stung him. "After what he said to Sam, you're lucky I didn't flat-out kill him." Ray punched Dean again, snapping his head back and splitting his lip; from the way blood began to drip from his nose, it was probably broken. He chuckled, feeling the blood drip into his mouth from the split lip, and spat in the older boy's face.

An instant later, both of them were on the ground, nothing more than a tangle of flailing limbs and screamed obscenities. Sam and Mikey both watched in terrified fascination as their brothers fought, not even noticing that a crowd had begun to gather around the older boys. Dean seemed to be winning, but just barely; Ray was a lot bigger than him, and his size plus the fact that he had gotten two hits on Dean before they started put the older Winchester at a disadvantage. They traded blows, blocking and punching and trying to grab each other in as tight a hold as they could, but neither was really making much progress.

Dean heard Sam shout at him to just quit, that this guy