that ain’t normal, but it’s not something to shun the guy over!  And maybe the guy's incisors are a little pointier than normal, but your hair's just as freaky, how it's so long and you don't have to do anything to it to keep it perfect.”

 

Sam was determined to prove that he wasn’t being paranoid.  He’d taken to following Benny around, watching him swim, trying to figure out why his instincts were telling him there was something wrong with how he approached the water.  Benny’s coach certainly wouldn’t agree – he was great, the star of the team, one hell of a distance swimmer.

Benny noticed, of course.  His good friend’s little brother, taking any excuse to be close to him – especially when he was dressed for swimming?  Quite the ego trip.  He’d heard Dean talk about the kid all the time, and Castiel corroborated what could have been big brotherly pride.  He caught Dean after their American history class one day.  “You notice Sam bein’ odd lately?”

“You mean other than his obsession with you?  If he’s bothering you I can tell him to knock it off.  No promises he’d listen.”

Benny ducked his head.  “Nah, I think it’s kinda sweet.”

“Sweet?”  Dean stared blankly at him.  “You think it’s sweet that he thinks you’re some sort of weirdo or possibly psycho and is stalking you to figure out how?”

“Oh is that what it is?”  Benny stared at his hands.  “He may be a little late gettin’ home from swim practice, then.”

Dean’s face clouded and his hands clenched into fists.  “Why?  What are you thinking you’re going to do to him?”

“Not gonna hurt him.  Just wanna talk, see if I can’t straighten things out a bit for him.  May take a while.”

Dean relaxed.  A little.  “Good luck getting him to talk to you.  Have fun.  Do what you can to make him see sense.”

 

After swim practice, Sam liked to leave right away.  The sooner he was out of there, the less chance there was that Benny would catch him spying on him.  He tried to leave, but this time, Benny got out of the pool and headed for him instead of for the locker room.  And his clothes.

Dean was never going to let him live it down if Sam got flustered by the guy he’d been calling a weirdo walking toward him still dripping from the pool and wearing a Speedo.  Those things did not leave much to the imagination.  Dammit.  Benny may be some sort of supernatural plant monster, but he was a hot one.

“Hey, Sam.  Mind hanging here for a bit?  Need to talk to you.”

Sam swallowed hard.  “Um, sure.  I’ll be… I’ll be here after you… get dressed.  Promise.”

Benny gave him a half-smile and walked to his bag, grabbing his track suit and quickly pulling it on, along with his shoes.  “All right.  Come with me?”

“I… should tell Dean…”

“Dean knows I was gonna talk to you after practice.  Don’t worry.  I’m not gonna hurt you.  Just wanted to talk alone.”

“Dean knows?”

“Dean knows.”

If Dean knew, that meant that if Benny did do something to Sam, Dean would know who to blame.  Benny knew that Dean would kill him if anything happened to Sam.  Sam nodded.  “Okay.  Where are we going?”

“Where else?  Bit cold to go in the river, but we can go to the river.”

“O-okay.”  Sam slung his backpack over his shoulder and followed Benny.  The whole trip, he couldn’t shake the nerves.  What exactly he was so afraid of, he couldn’t define.  Benny wouldn’t hurt him, not if Dean knew where Sam was… but what if Dean didn’t know?  What if Benny had lied?

 

Benny stopped at the river and found a giant rock.  “This is my favorite place to get some sun.  Nice and warm long into the fall.  Dean tells me you noticed I’m not exactly what you’d call a normal guy?”

“I, um…”  Sam blinked a couple of times while he processed that.  Benny knew.  Suddenly Sam felt foolish.  Dean had probably been right all along, Benny was just a guy.  “Sorry?”

“I’ll show you, but you gotta understand, it’s gotta stay between us.  At least for now.  You can’t even tell Dean.”

Sam swallowed hard, but he nodded.  “I won’t tell anyone.  Even Dean.”

“All right.”  Benny stripped down, even removing the Speedo.  Sam tried not to flinch, but Benny didn’t seem to think it was weird to be standing there butt naked for no apparent reason.  He laid down on the