wanted to promise it, he couldn’t.  So he promised what he could.  “As long as I can.  As long as he’ll let me.  If I turn out to be a mass babykiller, I wouldn’t blame him for throwing me out of his life.”

Dean snorted.  “Guess that’s really all I can ask.  Don’t think you’re a babykiller, though.  Just can’t imagine it.”

 

Cas was torn after that.  If saving Dean meant losing Sam, he wasn’t sure he was willing to make that trade.  But he also couldn’t bring himself to tell Sam he wouldn’t help anymore, either.  Bobby was sympathetic, also torn between the two “idjits”, but not helpful in helping Castiel figure out what he should do.

The brothers disappeared on May 1st.  Time was running short.  Cas panicked, but Bobby just rolled his eyes.  “Come on.  Dean don’t want witnesses and Sam wouldn’t let Dean out of his sight, so the two of ‘em took off.  I got GPS on ‘em.  You coming?”

Cas was already heading for Bobby’s truck.  “Of course.”

They caught up to Sam and Dean talking to… something.  Dark, thorny, evil.  What were they doing?  Bobby didn’t look surprised, just exasperated.  Castiel got out of the truck.  “Sam.  Dean.”

Dean turned around.  “The hell are you doing here, Cas?  Bobby?”

“Do I look like a ditchable prom date to you?”  Bobby grabbed Dean’s shoulders and shook him.  “Family don’t end in blood, boy.  This is our fight, too, and we’re in it as long as we can hold out.”

“No, you won’t.”  Dean jerked away from Bobby.  “You’ll get out of here so no one but me gets hurt.  Take Sam and go!”

Sam stepped away from Bobby and Cas.  “I’m not going anywhere.  I’m with Dean until the end.”

“So are we,” Castiel said.  He turned his attention back to the dark thing.  “Who’s this?  Is she here to drag Dean to Hell?”

“No, this is Ruby.  She’s…”  Dean glared at Sam, and Sam trailed off.  “She tried to help,” he finished badly.

“She’s evil.  Like the blood.”  Castiel’s right hand flexed, and he glanced down at it.  Why he’d expected something to happen that didn’t escaped him.

Sam shook his head.  “Not exactly.  Yes.  She’s a demon.  But she’s on our side.”

Ruby sighed.  “Don’t bother, Sam.  You’re never going to convince an a-”  Whatever she was going to say was cut off by a scream and a swirl of black smoke.  Once the smoke was gone, the dark entity was different.  More powerful.  “Hello, Dean.  I know, I’m a little early, but you seem to be ready to go.”

Dean took a deep breath.  “Cas, Bobby, take Sam and get the hell out of here.  It’s too late.  No eleventh hour save.  You don’t need to stay and watch.”

“No.”  Once again, Castiel’s right hand twitched, and he could feel a weight on his back that he couldn’t quite explain.  “I’m fighting.  This isn’t right.  There is something very wrong happening here, and I cannot stand by and let it.”

Dean sighed.  “Cas, I made the deal.  This is what I signed up for.  Get Sam out of here.  You promised to look after him for me, give me this one thing.  Let me go to Hell knowing you’ll keep your word.”

“I’ll keep my word, Dean.”  Cas moved to stand between Dean and the new demon.  “Starting with fighting to save you, because that’s what’s best for Sam as well.”

“It’s too late!  I can hear the hellhounds.  They’re coming.  You can’t stop them, so get yourself and Sam to safety!”

The demon smirked.  “I don’t know what’s wrong with you, Castiel, but even at your full power you don’t have the juice to take me down yourself.”  She whistled, and Dean tensed up.  “Sic ‘em, boys!”

Castiel turned.  Two hellhounds leapt at Dean from behind.  Castiel didn’t think.  He leapt between his friend and the dogs, using himself as a shield.  The demon was right – as he was, he didn’t have the power to stop the hounds, but he could try.  He could give Dean and Sam the chance to fight, or to run.  The dogs took him to the ground, and blood pooled as they ripped him to pieces.

*hides**leaves cookies**parks Juliet