over Sam's shoulder. Sam took satisfaction in the fact that Dean had to crane his neck a bit to even see over his shoulder, but that satisfaction was short-lived because as soon as Dean opened his mouth again- "Shit, dude, you have to kiss me."

Sam choked, beer spraying everywhere, and he couldn't even gather enough coherency to apologize to the couple that had just passed them on the way to get their drinks. Dean's shirt was dotted with drops of Sam's drink, but he didn't seem to notice, face still urgent and pleading, hand already on Sam's arm dragging him closer as Sam hurriedly put his drink back down on the bar top.

"Dude, no! What?!" Sam let a nervous, incredulous laugh bubble past his lips.

Dean groaned anxiously, using the grip he had on Sam to tug him off the stool and towards Dean. Sam resisted.

"Stop, Dean, what are you-"

Dean's other hand closed around Sam's waist and Sam found himself being pulled flushed against the strong body of his big brother, his own hands fumbling to take hold of Dean's shoulders to push him away, but Dean suddenly had a hand on Sam's hair and was pulling his head down to whisper in Sam's ear.

Dean's breath was hot and humid as it fanned over the naked expanse of Sam's neck and ear, between the strands of his hair at the nape of his neck. Sam suppressed a shiver, but couldn't quite bite back the gasp that escaped his mouth.

"There's this girl here who I used to hook up with except she's bat shit crazy and I had to tell her I was gay to break things off without anyone missing any teeth," Dean hissed into Sam's ear, the hand in Sam's hair tightening and this time Sam couldn't stop the shudder racking up his spine. "So either get ready to knock that two hundred pound fucking women league sumo wrestler to the ground or help me preserve my alibi and fucking kiss me."

Sam sighed, already knowing he was going to do it, little-brother-obedience never more than a strict tone away. Dean had that tone, firm and non-negotiable, one that sounded nothing like Dad's overbearing drill-sergeant commands. Sometimes Sam slammed against that tone with all his might. Mostly though, he just caved. It was instinctual.

Sam leaned in and pressed his lips drily to Dean's unbelievably soft ones, mashing them up and angling his head to make it look more believable even though he kept his mouth very firmly shut. His hands rose to frame Dean's stubbly cheeks, nose bumping against the dip beneath Dean's eye where it met the bridge of his nose. It wasn't that weird. They'd been almost intimately tangled together on more occasions than one, mostly during sparring or brotherly-wrestling. They'd also had that unhealthy mutual-awareness thing going on, and had walked in on each other fucking or jerking off enough times that it felt sort of natural to press himself against his brother's muscled body, to rub their faces together slowly to make it seem as if they were making out deeply and passionately. All in the name of self-preservation.

Through the slits of his eyes, Sam saw Dean peek behind Sam again as Sam angled his head to the right, saw his eyes clench shut once more with an obscene moan that Sam thought was ridiculously over-played. Dean's hands drew him even closer, settling over his back and slowly shifting lower, massaging Sam's muscles over the shirt he wore. Sam groaned as those fingers pressed small circles into the dimples at both sides of his spine, before traveling lower, and Sam jerked backwards when those hands landed on his ass out of nowhere – or not, he really should have seen it coming – and gave it a firm squeeze.

His breath got stuck in his throat and he forgot to keep his lips closed. Before he could reclaim his bearings and remember to push his big brother away after Dean closed the distance Sam had tried to force between them with one quick step, plastering himself against Sam's front once again with another near-painful fondle of Sam's – admittedly – round ass cheeks, Sam felt a slick, warm tongue slip between his open lips and into his mouth, and he felt more than heard the pathetic little whimpering sound he made.

They were making out right now, for real. Tongues battling and stroking each other's, hands roaming and squeezing and teasing along the hem of pants and shirts, heavy breathes, twitching hips real making out.

Sam did not have the first clue how the situation got turned around so dramatically in the span of all of three minutes.

He also had no idea how to backpedal and go back to when things were normal and not borderline incestuous.

He also, and that he could barely even admit to himself inside his own head, had no idea of