the tears.  She’d graduated from Tulane at the end of May, and Benny died the first week of June.  He’d been weak, but he’d promised Elizabeth he’d hold on until she was ready to move on and start the next stage of her life.  She’d been declared the sole executor of his will, and to her surprise, his only heir.  She hadn’t known just how well-off Benny was until the lawyers told her.

She’d taken it upon herself to start going through things, looking for family heirlooms that others might want or things that should be sold or thrown away.  One day, as she was up in the attic, she came across a dusty box sitting on top of a stack of books.  Curious, she opened the box and dropped it in shock.  Castiel and Meg’s rings were in there, tied to a third ring with a white satin ribbon.

Most of the letters looked old, but there was one right on top that looked relatively fresh.  She picked that up.  It was in Benny’s old-fashioned handwriting, shaky from the tremors that had plagued him in the last few years of his life.


My Lizzie,



I know you’ve always wondered what happened to the rings.  Don’t go thinkin’ ill of your old uncle just yet, not until you’ve read through everything and you know the whole truth.



Castiel and I met during the war.  He and a friend of his were trapped behind enemy lines, and I just happened to be in position to get them back.  Took a bit longer than I’d expected, but the three of us became fast friends.



When the war was over, Dean had a brother and a girl to get home to.  Cas and me, we were alone in the world, so we decided we’d find our post-war life together.  I know it ain’t no big deal these days, but cher, back then you didn’t fall in love with another man.  If you did, you didn’t advertise it.  You kept it discreet.  For a while, no one cared about two soldiers choosing to live together while they adjusted to being home, but after a while the whispers would start.  They always did.



We’d both go out to the dance halls, the movies, all the things you did back then to meet girls.  Cas was so scared to tell me when he realized he was falling for Meg too.  He tried to hide it, but the more he tried the weirder everything got.  I wasn’t stupid, I had eyes, I knew there was someone else.  Didn’t mind it being a girl at all.



I asked Meg to go to the lake with me, and sitting on the tailgate of my old truck, I told her everything about Cas and me.  To be honest I’d expected her to get mad and break up with Cas, or to tell Cas he had to break up with me.  Instead, when we got back from the lake, she informed Castiel that he was marrying her so that she could move in with us without anyone judging.



Lizzie, I didn’t just pick you because you were going to Tulane.  You’re my great-granddaughter, not Castiel’s.  Later on, when the tech made it possible, we got a test to confirm it, but we’d known from the moment we saw that red hair growing in that Anna was mine.  To avoid scandal, we never said anything to anyone.  Anna never knew, so she couldn’t have told your daddy or you.  I don’t want you to change how you think of me, or of Cas, but now that there’s no one left alive to hurt, thought you ought to know.



When Cas realized he was dying, he and Meg gave me their rings.  I’d never been able to wear mine openly, but I had one too.  Do your uncle one last favor.  Tell whoever you want that you’ve found the rings, but don’t let them separate the three.  Cas and Meg’s dying wish was for the three of us to be together that way, the only way we could, and it’s mine, too.



You made an old man’s last years some of the best he’d ever had, Lizzie.  I don’t know that there’s a way to say thank you enough for that.



With all my love, your uncle Benny


Lizzie went through the older letters, doing her best to keep her tears away from the old paper.  The earliest were letters between Benny and Castiel, that sounded like letters any friends might have written each other.  Then there was one where Benny broke down, confessed everything he felt for Castiel, and asked for a miracle – and Cas’s response granting it.  After that, Benny always referred to Cas as “my Angel” in letters.

Later letters included some from Meg.  She remembered her