, so he totally would.

Dean just smirked.  “What do you think, Cas?”

Cas looked between the two of them.  “I think that I am very confused.  I admit, I’m curious about who it is that Sam loves, but I don’t need to know if it would cause him distress.  I also believe that there’s something the two of you know that I don’t.”

“What, you mean like who it is Sam’s in love with?” Dean said.

Castiel nodded.  “Dean, I trust your judgment.  Is this person worthy of Sam’s love?”

Dean nearly fell off his chair, he was laughing so hard.  “I am absolutely positive he’d say he wasn’t,” he gasped out once he’d caught his breath enough to speak.  “I’m not so sure.  I think in a lot of ways he and Sam deserve each other.  Of course, there’s not actually anyone good enough for Sammy, but this is about as good as he’s gonna get.”

“I wouldn’t have come to dinner if I’d known it was going to be Humiliate Sam Comedy Hour,” Sam grumbled.  “Shut up, Dean.”

“I can’t, this is just too much fun, Sam,” Dean said as he wiped the tears from his eyes.  He turned back to Cas.  “Personally, I think Sam should just sack up and tell him, but he keeps being emo about how the guy’s obviously in love with me, which is bullshit.  He knows me too well to be in love with me.”

Cas tilted his head.  “What makes you think that?”

Dean just grinned.  “I know the flaws I bring to a relationship.  I’m closed off, demanding… and I can be a total jerk to the people I love most, right, Sam?”  He shook his head.  “The right person could deal with it, but this guy?  He needs Sammy.  I’m not saying Sam’s perfect, he’s got his own flaws, but they’re flaws that this guy would be able to work with.”

“I… see,” Cas said, staring at his spaghetti again.

Sam sighed.  “Well.  Now that we’ve thoroughly analyzed my love life, let’s say there’s someone you’re in love with but you don’t think they love you back.  What do you do?”

“We talking you have no idea what they think of you, or they’ve said things indicating a lack of interest?” Dean asked.

“Hmm…” Sam actually had to think for a bit.  “Let’s go with the no idea one.”

“I’d go hit on her, make sure she knows I’m interested, and ask her if it’s possible,” Dean said.  “She says yes, I start working to increase her interest level to match mine.  She says no, I accept it and walk away and get some booze.  Least I tried, I don’t sit around all emo for years like this bitch.”  Dean jerked a thumb at Sam.

“And if there were signs of expressed disinterest?” Castiel asked, and Sam shrank a little.  Had Cas figured out…

“Depends what and how sure I am.  Might give it a shot anyway depending on the exact situation, otherwise I’d probably find something to occupy my mind until the next girl comes along.”  Dean grudgingly took a few bites of salad.  “You’re lucky you’re an angel, you don’t have to deal with this bullshit.”

“I have been among humans enough that, as it happens, I do have to deal with this,” Castiel said.  “And while I don’t believe I’ll get to be with him, I can’t regret the joy I feel because of my love for him.”

“Human or angel?” Dean asked.

“Human,” Castiel said, but he looked suddenly uncomfortable.

Sam tried to leave, but Dean grabbed his wrist.  “Finish your spaghetti, Sam.”

“Please, Sam.  You need to eat,” Castiel added as Sam broke free.

Sam put his plate down and glared at Dean.  “Leave Cas alone, Dean.  If he wants us to know, he’ll tell us.  And given how you act when you know a secret, I wouldn’t blame him a bit for keeping it to himself.”

“Hey, I can keep a secret,” Dean protested.

“But you tease mercilessly when you know one that would embarrass someone,” Sam said.

“Look at Cas’s white knight,” Dean proved Sam’s point with.  Sam shoved a giant forkful of spaghetti into his mouth, an attempt not to engage any further.

Castiel looked between the brothers.  “Dean, are you certain it’s wise to make Sam associate food with getting teased?  It’s hard enough to get him to eat as it is.”

“Yeah,