, doll”.



Hi, all! This is my first ever fic. In case anyone  cares to follow, I wanted to let you know that I intend to post at least one to two chapters a week. I'm having so much fun creating this. Thank you so much for giving it a read! Much love, ZB 



You have the powerYou wear the crownFrom the pinnacleTo the pit

Ch 4 

You awoke in the dark, on a soft surface somewhere. Your muscles began to relax, as you realized you were in your own bed, safe and sound. You had been dreaming something...weird. A sudden movement in your close proximity, a shift coming from your very bed, caused you to freeze, stealing your breath away from you in a panic. You were definitely not alone. You were definitely not safe. 


Dean.


The word entered your mind sharp as a bullet. A surge of unsavory memories from the events that took place before you passed out flooded back to you in a rush. Laying as still as possible, you wondered with unease what had transpired after you had passed out. Your brain was thick and bleary as you tried to piece together what had happened, unsuccessfully. Another soft rustle pervaded the stillness in the room. Wincing, you swiveled blindly in the dark waiting for unseen hands to snatch at you. 

“Y/N”...Dean murmured.

Judging by the proximity of his voice, he was somewhere above you, possibly behind you. You whimpered--you couldn’t help it. It was an involuntary reflex, though you were trying to be as quiet as possible. You clamped your hand over your mouth, desperate to control yourself and quit shaking so hard. You were trying to breathe; trying to steady your racing heartbeat--

“You know, I can see you in the dark, so you can drop the hide and seek act. But, just for looking so cute trying to cover your mouth there, I’ll even the playing field just a little for ya, sweetheart” he chuckled grimly. 

Moments later, lights flickered on all around the room, seemingly by themselves. You blinked as whiteness flooded your irises uncomfortably. Your heart thumped painfully in your chest, as you tried in vain to soothe your shakiness. But where was he--? Suddenly, you felt the large hands on the back of your shoulders, but they were oddly...gentle. Nevertheless, you jumped about a foot off the ground and let out a yelp of fright. 

“Shhhh....” He soothed, rubbing wide circles into your shoulder blades and at the base of your neck. What the fuck was going on? A demon, possibly the most dangerous and deadly one out there, was giving you a...a back massage? You tensed, completely stiff under his hands, completely aware that he could snap your neck in that instant if it fancied him. It was like being in the jaws of a tiger, toying with its prey. 

“You oughta relax more, you know that?” He murmured, sounding amused with himself as he continued to work your taut muscles in his massive hands. This had to be a trick of some sort; you just knew it. Why else would he be doing this, when his sole purpose seemed to be to torment you? He relentlessly went on. But despite your pride, your sensation of total danger, and your utter unease at the bizarre situation unfolding, your muscles began to betray you as they loosened for him. 

“Atta girl” he hissed into your hair from his position behind you. You moaned in fear, but it was laced with slight pleasure at having the tension in your frame slowly eased away by the unending pressure in his careful hands. 

“You’re quite the talker in your sleep you know...”

Hatred surged through you. Pure, blindingly white hot hatred slammed through your entire nervous system like a surge of lightening. A disturbingly out-of-control, murderous urge had ousted every other emotion in your capacity.

You could not move.

His hands stilled, now cupping your shoulders firmly. His skin seemed to be abnormally heated to the touch. It was just too warm to be human. Suddenly, and hypocritically, an unwarranted, fantastical image of him sharply emerged into focus in your mind's eye--him, lounging on a bed surrounded by the fires of Hell, warming his firm, muscle-bound body, and you noted that his shirt had conveniently, magically been misplaced somewhere of little importance, and--

His hands had begun to move, and this time, they were moving down. Before you could cry out, or even make a move to get away, his hands were sliding into place over the swell of your chest. And you knew there was nothing, absolutely nothing you could do to prevent it. Immediately, you became motionless, your own skin now flushing hot. His palms tensed and released, gently rolling your breasts into his large fists. Over and over. You still had yet to take a real, steadying, solid breath, when he reached his left hand back for a moment, bringing back a glistening finger that