able to sense that Garth was planning a surprise. Garth had been a jumpy, shaky mess the last few days, rarely pulling Mr Fizzles out to talk. It wasn't like him, and Garth knew Mr Fizzles knew it.

When Mr Fizzles finally saw what was on the display in front of them, he snapped back to gape at Garth. Garth wasn't sure how a sock puppet managed to look shocked, happy and anxious, but somehow he did.

“Yep, we’re here for Mrs Fizzles,” Garth said with a proud grin. He'd wanted to surprise Mr Fizzles with a lady to call his own, and it had been difficult to hide his research over the last few days, trying to find a craft store that had an entire section devoted to sock puppet kits and supplies, but he'd pulled it off.

Mr Fizzles turned back to the display, scanning the packaged socks, googly eyes, yarn wigs, and buttons with obvious delight. Garth watched with a soft grin and held his free hand out for the items Mr Fizzles selected.

***

Later that evening, after assembling Mrs Fizzles and giving the two sock puppets time to get to know each other, Garth sat down on his couch. The new Mr and Mrs were whispering and giggling, canoodling and necking like a pair of high school kids parking at Lover’s Lane for the very first time. It made Garth smile, and he leaned his head back and dozed while they enjoyed their alone time.

***

Some time later, Garth woke uncomfortably aroused and not sure why. He blinked a couple of times, trying to clear the groggy haze from his brain, then realized there was something going on his his lap. He flipped his head forward, wincing at a crick he'd developed in his neck while he dozed. He wasn't sure how long he'd been out, but he felt pretty out of it, and the room was dark. It had been before sunset when he'd sat down.

He blinked at the scene going on in his lap, trying to decide if he was maybe still sleeping. But no matter how many times he blinked he didn't see anything different, and he didn't wake up again, so he concluded it must be real.

“Mr Fizzles?” he blurted out in confusion.

Mr Fizzles froze and looked up at Garth, tiny black leather flogger hanging from his jaws. Did a sock puppet even have jaws? Whatever. The important thing was that there was an apparent sock puppet scene going on in his lap. Mrs Fizzles was draped over Garth’s thigh, face down, ass up. Or was that ‘Garth’s forearm up’? Garth shook his head, trying to dispel the fog of combined  sleepiness and arousal so he could concentrate.

“What’s going on?” His arm hurt, he realized as Mrs Fizzles squirmed around to look up at him.

“Shhh,” Mr Fizzles said, then gave Mrs Fizzles a look before they both moved towards Garth’s zipper. Mrs Fizzles grasped the metal tab in her mouth (Garth’s fingers?) and jerked it down, and Mr Fizzles moved in to slip inside the opening and into the slit in Garth’s boxers. Garth felt warm cotton wrap around his shaft, and then the hot skin of his hardened cock hit cool air and he gasped.

“M-Mr Fizzleeee-ahhh,” Garth moaned as Mr Fizzles began sliding up and down his hard length. He stopped after a couple a strokes, holding Garth’s tip in his mouth and looking up, voicing his question without a word.

“Yes, oh god yes Mr Fizzles,” Garth breathed out.

Mr Fizzles moved down to fondle Garth’s balls, and Garth almost jumped out of his skin when more soft cotton enveloped his dick. He looked down to see Mrs Fizzles had taken over the job of stroking him. She was looking up at him, question in her black button eyes, and Garth nodded shakily.

The puppets worked in tandem, gripping and squeezing and pulling on his cock while the other rolled his balls and teased his perineum. Garth slid further down the couch, spreading his legs and throwing one foot up onto the coffee table in front of him to give the puppets more access.

Mr Fizzles stopped lavishing attention on his balls long enough to grip the waistband of Garth’s jeans and pull them down as Garth lifted his ass. Mr Frizzles quickly got back to business, sliding across Garth’s perineum and nudging at his hole. Garth spread his legs and moaned as Mr Frizzles worked his way inside while Mrs Frizzles continued working his leaking cock.

Garth realized he was keening and letting out the occasional mewl, but he didn't care. Everything felt so damn good, the slight scratch of dry cotton on his most sensitive skin almost hurt, but in the most delicious way. The puppets continued their ministrations, Mr Frizzles now pumping in and out of Garth’s ass, and Garth felt the pressure of an impending orgasm begin to build low in his abdomen.

Garth knew he wouldn'