interested in Dean before. He’s the normal one, the one who went to college and fell in love with a girl and isn’t kept awake at night wondering what his brother’s lips taste like.

Dean rips open the trunk and starts searching for the grisgris and the laptop, because he knows Sam saved all the stuff on the spells he thought they might be facing. He’s cursing himself for an idiot for the second time that night, because Dad always taught them that you should both go into a situation prepared, that it’s no good only one of you knowing a ritual, because you never knew what shit might go down. But Dean had been out buying more ammo, and the herbs and shit for the grisgris, and they’d been in kind of a hurry. So, even though they’d gone through the basic plan in the car beforehand, there was a lot of complicated wordiness which he hadn’t had time to memorise. Shit shit shit. He powers on the computer, hoping like hell that Sam hasn’t saved all the stuff he needs under one of his dumb, impossible-to-guess passwords.

‘Dean.’

He jumps a mile high and spins round to find Sam right next to him, hair still mussed and untidy from sleep, eyes fixed on Dean in the same intense gaze he’d regarded him with in the car.

‘Hold it there, Sam,’ Dean says, and his voice comes out weird, scratchy and breathy like he hasn’t spoken for weeks. ‘I’m gonna fix this, just give me a minute, hold on.’

He tosses Sam one of the grisgris and his brother catches it automatically without moving his eyes from Dean.

‘Fix what, Dean?’ Sam says softly. ‘There’s nothing to fix.’ He takes a step closer and Dean flinches back like he’ll burn him.

‘Of course there’s something to fix, dumbass,’ he says roughly. ‘The last time I checked, brothers didn’t look at each other like they were the tastiest thing on the Playbunny buffet. That fucking altar’s put some kind of mojo on you, and we’re gonna fix it before it can do any damage.’

Sam laughs softly, wonderingly. His face is open and bright, relaxed like Dean hasn’t seen him in ages, and Dean wishes like hell he could just pull that pretty mouth down and kiss him.

‘I notice you didn’t say there was any mojo on you, Dean,’ Sam says, and his tone is whiskey and molasses, reminding Dean of warm breath and soft kisses in the dark.

‘Well, yeah, I’m not the one…’ Dean trails off, because he’s no idea what the hell he can say that’ll sound convincing. Not the one looking at his brother like he’d like to strip him naked right there and then? Not the one who’s fallen in love with the most inappropriate person ever? Yeah, right, Dean. Way to sound convincing.

‘Dean, tell the truth. You’ve wanted this for ages, haven’t you?’

Sam moves closer, looming over him, and Dean would love to deny it, to pretend he doesn’t even know what his brother’s talking about, but he knows he’s got no chance.

‘Yeah,’ he says, ‘I have.’

He says it quietly, voice so low he can hardly hear it himself, but it seems like Sam has no trouble understanding, because his face is right next to Dean’s now, one hand tipping Dean’s chin up gently so that he can look him in the eye.

‘So have I,’ Sam says simply, and kisses him.

It’s soft and strange and lovely, like slipping into a dream and waking up all at once. Dean’s still dimly aware of all the reasons why this is a terrible idea, the underlying guilt of sick and wrong and taking advantage murmuring at the back of his mind, but it’s almost drowned out by the roaring in his ears, the feeling of complete rightness as his brother kisses him.

Sam’s lips are soft, as soft as any girl’s that Dean’s ever kissed, and there’s no slick of lipstick or powder or gloss, just sweet hot Sammy, warm breath with the sleep-heavy smell that Dean’s known all his life. Sam’s jaw rubs rough against Dean’s own, and he curls his hand around Dean’s head, cupping his skull in his palm and rubbing his thumb into the nape of his neck.

Sam keeps on kissing him until they’re both gasping for breath, then draws away, hand still holding onto Dean’s head, and looks into his eyes. Dean tries to pull himself together, to send this thing back the way it ought to go, but when he draws breath to speak he sees Sam’s eyes change, a look of hurt and betrayal shadowing them