Somehow, despite the suit, Sam was having no trouble imagining Castiel rocking out.  “What band?  My brother’s a huge rock fan, mostly classic rock but he goes to a lot of local shows.  Maybe we’ve seen you somewhere.”

“Garrison of Angels.  Anna, the one who formed the band, chose the name.  Apparently her parents don’t actually listen to our music, because she’s got them convinced we play Christian rock.  We don’t.”

A brilliant smile bloomed on Sam's face.  “Dean has an alert on his phone.  As soon as one of your concerts is announced, he’s figuring out how to get in.  Total fanboy of your band.”

Cas's eyebrows nearly shot off his face.  “I didn’t know we had any fanboys.  Or fangirls, for that matter.  Like I said, we don’t really do many shows.  One or two a month, usually.  We've recorded a couple CDs but as far as I know the only people who have copies are us and family members.”

“I can hear it now.  ‘So you broke up with Brady because…’ ‘Because he slept with the drummer from Garrison of Angels.’ ‘You’re an idiot.  Should’ve tried to get in on the action.’”

Castiel laughed.  “Well, I do know for a fact that you’re single…”

“Yeah, but I don’t do the whole one-night stand thing, and I think once the shock wears off it’ll be a while before I’m ready for a relationship.”

“Oh, I - I wasn’t serious.  I mean, different circumstances, yes, but while I’m okay with being a one-night stand or a fuckbuddy, I’m not looking to be anyone’s revenge.”  Castiel flushed a little.

“Fair enough.”

 

By the time Sam dropped Castiel off at home, the shock was starting to wear off.  It didn’t stop him from exchanging phone numbers with Castiel, though.  Dinner had been great – Castiel’s stories of band life and his family kept Sam laughing pretty much the whole time, and Sam had been able to tell stories about Dean and law school that had Cas snorting.

Dean was surprised when Sam came in.  “What happened?”

“Caught Brady in bed with another guy.”  And here it came.  Anger first, as always.

Dean's anger wasn't helping much.  “How dead do you want him?”

“Right now?  I want to make doornails out of him.”

“All right, come here, Sammy.”  Dean pulled Sam into a hug.  “You’re welcome here as long as you want to stay.  You warn Brady not to be there when we go to move you out?”

“Of course.  I still love the guy."  Sam stopped and sniffled a little as the tears started welling up.  "God, that’s pathetic.  I don’t want to see him ever again, I’m already working out how to move on with my life solo now, but I still love him.”

“You know I’m still in love with Lisa.  Hardly going to call you pathetic.”

“That’s different.  You and Lisa broke up because what you wanted was too different to make it work.  Lisa didn’t do anything wrong.”

“Whatever.  You’re not pathetic for still being in love with the guy you woke up with this morning."  Dean cracked a smile.  "Now, he shows up here tomorrow with two dozen roses and a bottle of wine and begs you to forgive him and you do… that’s pathetic.”

“Yeah, not that stupid.  Oh, since plans with Brady fell through, I had dinner with one of the guys from Garrison of Angels.  He didn’t believe me when I told him you’re a fan, but he signed the receipt anyway.”  Sam handed Dean his copy of the receipt from dinner, which Castiel had eventually agreed to autograph for him.

“How on Earth did you meet this guy and get him to buy you dinner that quickly?”  Dean took the receipt and stared at it in complete disbelief.

Sam rubbed his neck.  “He, um… he was the guy Brady was in bed with.”

“Wow.  And you didn’t try…”

Good old predictable Dean.  “By the time I knew, it was a little late.  Jerk.”

 

Sam hadn’t actually expected to hear from Castiel ever again, so when his phone rang the next day, Sam dropped the box he was carrying in surprise when Dean called out the name on caller ID.

“Sam?  Hey.  Think your brother can make it to a club tonight?”

“Did you just call me to ask my brother out?”  Sad part: it wouldn't be the first time.

“No.  My band’s playing, on very short notice – Anna just arranged it last night.  The band that was supposed to play had to cancel,