torn in half and removed from your chest. Your nipples were hard making all three men moan looking at your perky breast.

"So nice and soft." Dean said holding your right breast in his hand rolling the nipple around in his palm. Cas leaned over your face taking your other nipple into his mouth. The hot sensations on your virgin nipples made you want to almost moan unable to stop the deep pleasure.

"Your panties are getting wet. Do you like this sweetheart?" Dean said before rubbing two finger along your underwear. You yelp trying to close your legs, but his hips still forced them around him.
Cas sucked harder making you whimper from the sensation on your breast. While Dean moved to rolling your nipple between his fingers pinching and pulling it enough  to make you want to scream again.

"Please stop!" You yell kicking around Dean in frustration.

"Fine you get your wish." Dean chuckled pulling your underwear down to your knees before picking up one of your legs to place on his shoulder.

"Sammy hold this." Dean ordered giving your leg to him. He held on to your calf as Dean pulled your underwear off that leg along with your sneakers and socks. With Sam holding your left leg over the back of the couch he worked on getting your other leg out of your underwear.

"What do you think guys skirt on or off?" Dean asked lifting the fabric to see your uncovered vagina.

"Keep it on I like her with the shirt." Sam said as Cas finally released your nipple looking over your almost naked body.

"I agree she looks like a real slut with her clothes all messed up." He added licking his lips before standing up straight to see what Dean did next. You watched in horror as Dean pulls off his shirts before undoing his jeans with his legs still in between yours. He pulled down his pant slightly only enough to get his penis out.

"Damn you got me rock hard from all your screaming." Dean chuckled rubbing his hand up and down his shaft as he looked you over. Your left leg still pinned to the back of the couch by Sam. Dean lifted your right leg up to his shoulder while he leaned over you.

"Please don't do this! Please let me go!" You scream feeling his penis head rub against your clit.

"Please Sam! Cas don't let him do this! Help me!" You yell one last time as Dean moved his head down to your entrance. You squirm trying to get your legs or arms free from the evil men. He pushed his tip inside of you making you scream  so loud your own ears hurt. A hand clamped over your mouth muffling the counted screams.

"Thank you Cas thought she was about to break my damn ear drum." Dean growled hitting your cervix. Tears streamed down your cheeks on to Cas's fingers.

"I've never seen a face get that read before." Sam commented looking around Cas's arm to looking into your watery eyes.

"Jesus she has to be a virgin. I have never had a pussy this fucking tight." Dean moaned pulling out a little ways making you scream louder into Cas's palm.

"When she screams she gets tighter." Dean chuckled pulling out half way to ram into your hips again. You scream as Dean's pace increases. Your walls never adjusted to his wide shaft making every slide in and out agony. Your legs spasmed trying close eventually your right leg managed to wiggle off Dean's shoulder. He caught it before it fell to the floor pinning it to his side as he pushed deeper inside of you.

"AHAMHAAA!" You scream through Cas's hand. Dean pulled out before using your legs to thrust in harder. 

"Just watch how those nice tiits bounce." Sam moaned reaching down to squeeze each breast. Dean set a harsh pace that had your whole body shaking against the couch. Sam and Cas took turned sucking and biting at your breast. Dean moaned louder going faster in and out of your walls. 

"Fuck she feel amazing." He groaned moving his hands to pull your skirt up to grab onto your hips. He pounded harder even after your hurting body went limp. All three me grabbed at your breast taking turns sucking in your nipples now.



"Almost." Dean groaned watching Sam licking your left nipple in circular motions.

"I want her next." Cas said looking down at your fear filled eyes as Dean started to buck like a mad man against your hips. He moaned loudly rolling his hips deeper inside of you as he released his cum into your walls. He panted for a moment letting all his cum drain out of him before pulling out of you. He took your hands from Cas. Even putting a hand over your mouth again. While Sam grabbed your other leg keeping them locked together along the back of the couch.

"I've seen a position on your computer that I want to try." The blue eyes man said looking over your worn out body.

"Ok how do you want her?" Sam asked letting your legs go for a moment. Your mind told you