You say with a straight face. Dean laughed taking a few steps back and rubbing his scruffy face. 

“Your funny _____, but I remember I wrapped up every time we were together.” Dean said trying to remember if he was telling the truth.

“Do you remember the last time I saw you?” You asked taking a few steps towards him looking up at his confused eyes. 

“It was in the motel room in Nevada we were working a case together.”

“Do you remember the month?” You asked turning away from him to go to the refrigerator where you kept your sonogram photos on display.

“January of 2000, I remember because we did a case on new year’s two weeks before. We had an awesome 2-person party.” Dean said going over to inspect Jackson still chomping down on his snack in his own world. You came back with a sonogram photo dated in March 2003 of Jacksons just a small blob in your womb. Then you handed him the gender reveal photo dated in June 2003.

“This is Jackson your son Dean.” You say softly sitting down across from your boys. Jackson starts fussing asking for more food so you got apple slices going back to the boys now both staring at each other intensely.Dean’s hair was long on top with closely cut sides like you usually kept Jackson making your son look like a tiny chubby clone of Dean. 

“Is he all right by himself for us to go talk somewhere else?” Dean asked looking at you. You nod showing him to the small back porch with high fences surrounding a medium area of green grass with toys here and there. You closed the door facing Dean only a few steps away. 

“Why didn’t you call me?” Dean asked coldly his jaw clenched. 

“You were saving the world. I heard about what happened to your brother and then I heard about Lisa.” You said softly looking down at your feet in embarrassment. Dean growled instantly grabbing you and shoving you up against your house.  

“That is my fucking son. You had no right not to tell me as soon as you found out that you were carrying my baby.” Dean snarled in your face making your stomach flip in fear. 

“Wh-why are you even here Dean?” You whisper looking at his cold eyes. He smashed his lips into yours molding his body against you into the wall. You whimper at his roughness unsure how to respond. He worked your lips open with his at the same time pushing your knees apart. You tried to push him back not sure you wanted Dean if he was going to be this aggressive. He growled against your lips grabbing your hands to pin them over your head with his right hand. He used his left hand to grab your leg pulling it up around his hip lifting you off the ground. Your other leg lifted naturally to keep yourself from falling. He pulled back from the bruising kiss to push his hips into you. 

“I wanted my old fuck buddy back, but now it looks like I’m making you mine permanently.” Dean moaned grinding harder in between your legs. 

“Dean I’m not going to stay here and be your anything while you go fuck every girl in America. Put me down and get out of my house.” You snapped trying to pull your hands and legs free. Dean just tightened his hold enough to make you whimper in pain.

“I don’t hunt anymore ____. I’m not leaving unless you and Jackson are coming with me.” Dean growled again making you frightened.

“What changed Dean?” You asked trying to ignore his boner rubbing against your clothes

“You know the saying if you can’t beat them join them? Well, I joined.” Dean chuckled his eyes turning completely black. You went to scream just to have Dean’s lips shove against your again his tongue snaking into your mouth. He lifted a knee up to hold your hips up as he started to undo your jeans. You scream into his mouth until you couldn’t breathe properly, he moved back letting you take a gulp of air before calming your mouth again. Jackson started to cry inside making you both freeze. Dean pulled back his eyes still black his lips in a lopsided smirk. 

“Don’t make me hurt you in front of our son. Be good for me and make him happy so Daddy can take Mommy to the bed." Dean moaned switching his eyes back to green as he set you down only taking two steps back. You gulp quickly going inside to take Jackson to his room where he could watch cartoons and play. You sit on the ground with your son in your lap when Dean walked in with an annoyed face.

“Are you done yet?” He questioned his hands on his hips. A tear fell into Jackson hair from your cheek making Dean roll his eyes.

“I can’t just leave him in here. He might hurt himself.” You say petting his hair softly as Dean approached you. He picked his son up from your lap setting him down closer to the TV mounted to the wall. He grabbed your arm dragging