t start for another half hour, longer if Sammy’s got something to finish up.”  Dean put on his blade guards and stepped off the ice.  “Hi.  My name’s Dean Winchester.  The guy I was skating with yesterday is my brother Sam, he’s in school.”

“Must be nice to have your brother skating with you.  I never get to see my brother.  Of course, it doesn’t help that Balt’s a diver and in his own intense training.”  He held out a hand.  “Castiel.”

Dean shook the offered hand.  “It is nice.  Also kind of isolating.  Our dad’s our coach, and we almost never get to spend time with anyone outside the family business.  Come on, we can share the ice.  I’m just goofing off anyway.”

Forty minutes later, Dean and Castiel were skating hand in hand when John’s voice rang out.  “What the hell are you doing, son?”

“I’m… skating?  Like I always do while I wait for you and Sammy?”  Dean gave Cas’s hand a squeeze and then let go, heading to the side where he’d left his stuff.

“With a competitor?”

“You know, technically, now that Sam’s moved up to seniors, he’s my competitor.  You never seem to care that I skate with him.”  The second it was out of his mouth, Dean was sure he’d end up paying for those words.  Sam was staring at him in open-mouthed shock.  “It’s not like Cas and I were even doing anything fancy.  Just playing on the ice.”

“He’s a competitor who isn’t your brother.”  Dean sighed.  Practice was going to suck.

 

As much as practice sucked for Dean, it was worse for Sam.  For some reason, Sam was having more trouble than usual just shutting up when John went off on something.  Sam had so much extra work that John left to take Dean home, leaving Sam to finish up on his own.  Sam shook his head.  How the hell was he supposed to practice jumps without someone there to notice if he fell and hurt himself too badly to get up?

Cas skated over to him.  “Are you okay?”

“Yeah, I’m fine.”  Sam ran his hand through his hair, forcing it back out of his face.  “Cas, right?”

Cas blinked a couple times.  “Sure.  Cas.”

“I’m Sam.  Dad’s probably gonna kill me for this, but would you mind sticking around for a bit?  I’m supposed to practice some jumps…”

“And he left you alone?”  Cas glared at the door.  “Sure.  I’ll be here.  I’ll even join you, so you can say you got the same scoop on my weaknesses that I got on yours.”

Sam was more focused than Dean, making sure he got everything done, but once he had he and Cas sat on the bleachers together talking and waiting for John to get back.  John wasn't happy to see it, and lectured Sam all the way home, but Sam just tuned him out.

 

Two weeks later, John had given up on trying to keep his boys from skating with their new friend.  Cas was very grateful for that.  As Dean said, skating could be isolating, and it was good to make friends.  Gabriel didn’t mind him skating with the Winchesters, and he was even starting to hang out with them outside of practice.

Cas waited on their doorstep.  It was apparently Movie Night, which happened any time John wouldn’t be there to yell at them for it.  Gabriel was all in favor of Cas going.  “Have fun, watch the popcorn intake, and if you decide to do something other than watch movies, be safe about it!”  He’d waggled his eyebrows, and Castiel was still trying to figure out what he’d meant by it.

The door banged open and Dean waved Cas inside.  “Sammy’s getting dinner finished, come on in and make yourself comfortable.”

“Does movie night always involve not having a shirt on?”

“Nah.  This one’s special.”  Dean turned and walked off, rolling his shoulders as he went.  If this was how the night was going to go, Cas just might spontaneously combust.

Sam came out – also shirtless – carrying a tray of vegetables.  “Don’t let Dean say I cooked dinner.  I chopped vegetables.  Dean did all the actual cooking, he’s better at it.  Usually we do this as a cheat night on our diets, but we weren’t sure if you were comfortable with that, so hopefully hamburgers and baked potatoes are an acceptable compromise.”

“Gabriel said to watch my popcorn.  He did not, however, say anything about anything else.”

Sam and Dean exchanged smirks.  “Okay, then.  Come on in, get yourself fixed up.”

They let Cas pick the first movie, and Dean whooped with joy when he picked Raiders