?”  Dean grabbed Castiel by the shoulder to make him stop, and Castiel flinched as his fingers inadvertently dug into a bruise.  “You don’t take a break from the Apocalypse!”

“Yes, of course,” Castiel said.  “You work around the clock for three weeks while trying to cope with the fallout of turning your back on everything you’ve ever known.  You can’t tell me I can’t take a day to try to get a handle on the fallout issues.”

Dean’s hand dropped, and there was guilt in his eyes when he asked, “Are you okay to be here, Cas?  Mojo working for this?”

“My ‘mojo’ is fine,” Castiel said.  “One more time: plan?”

Dean looked at him for another moment.  “Kill as many as you can.  Smite, blade, whatever.  See if you can figure out what they’re doing here.  I’m gonna go around back and take the other side.”

Castiel nodded and threw open the door to the barn.  He let his grace flare around him in a blue glow, which got the attention of the demons away from a trio of humans hanging from the ceiling.  Castiel sprang into action, slashing at the demons with his angel blade.  He was aware when Dean joined in from the other side, using the Kurdish knife to take down his share of the demon horde.  The last demon fell as they met in the middle of the barn.

Dean stared at Castiel.  “What happened to you?  What can do that to an angel?”

At first, Castiel didn’t understand the question, but then he noticed that one of the demons had managed to rip his shirt enough that some of his bruising was visible.  “I chose not to heal my bruises after my fight this morning,” he half-explained.  Off Dean’s what-the-fuck face, he added, “This way I can monitor and make sure to get back before they heal too much.  Sam can be quite stubborn.”

“Sam did that to you,” Dean said, looking somewhat ill.  “And you still think I should be riding with him?”

“Yes.  To both.”  Castiel didn’t understand the problem – until he did.  “Even if he were on the blood again, which he is not, Sam couldn’t bruise me if I didn’t allow him to, and you know that.”

“See, you having to clarify that?  You seriously want me to ride with a guy I can’t trust not to be sucking down blood right now and who’s beating up my friend?”  Dean moved over to start cutting down the unconscious innocents.

Reluctantly, Castiel said, “This fight, I agree, it’s probably best that Sam isn’t here.  He needs time to develop coping mechanisms and to find some faith in himself.  But the two of you need each other, and the sooner you remember that, the better.”

“I’m still pissed over Ruby,” Dean reminded Cas.  “How am I just supposed to let that go?”

“You don’t,” Castiel said.  “But you can look at how the two of you got to that point and think about changes you might need to make in how you treat Sam.”

“So it’s my fault now.”  Disbelief was written all over Dean.  “Everything I do is about taking care of Sammy!”

“Dean, I know Sam is your younger brother and you raised him because your father wouldn’t do it,” Castiel started.  “But that’s just the point: you raised him.  He’s a grown man who can and does think for himself.  Sometimes, he will disagree with you.  When your response to that is to yell at Sam and shut him down, what do you expect to happen when he gets the chance to work with someone who will take the time to listen to his side?  Someone who will give him reasons instead of orders?  I’m not excusing Sam.  This was his mistake, and it’s on him to earn your forgiveness and trust.  I’m just saying that you aren’t entirely blameless, and if you don’t want to repeat your mistakes, perhaps you should look at what went wrong and see what changes you can make when Sam comes back.”

“What…” Dean shook his head as if to clear it.  He backed away from Castiel a bit.  “Sorry I interrupted your break.  Go on back.”

It was a clear dismissal, but Castiel, for once, wasn’t having it.  “So you aren’t even going to ask then.  And you wonder why I’m so angry at you that I consider not taking your call or coming when you say?”

“What are you talking about?” Dean asked, and Castiel tried to decide which was worse: if Dean honestly didn’t know, or Dean was playing dumb.  “What am I supposed to ask you?”

“You have to know I’ve seen Sam, spoken