wrapping all of it around your hands. He grabbed your waist flipping you over completely giving him a full view of your naked breast your hand pinned above you again.

“I’m glad it was you I was able to fish over here.” Sam chuckled leaning down to suck on your nipple forcefully. The cloth muffling your screams of absolute terror. Sam lashed at your nipple back and forth quickly forcing your body to arch in pleasure. He pulled his head up watching your face as his free hand went down your stomach to your pants. Your eyes bugged open trying to close your legs while Sam’s knees shoved them apart so wide your thighs started to burn. 

“You friend on the floor in there was a virgin. I wonder are you a virgin?” Sam asked licking a long line up your neck as he undid your jeans. You tried to kick again, but Sam just widened his legs bring yours up towards your chest. You groaned at the painful stretch of your legs right as he rubbed your clit. You froze again looking up into his dead hazel eyes his mouth turned up in a smile while he rubbed your clit slowly a weird sting forming in your core. Then in an instant, he shoved his finger inside of you forcing your virgin walls to accept his probing.

“Fuck, you feel like you are are a virgin. You are kind of a pain in the ass. I bet you haven’t even had a kiss yet have you?” Sam taunted pulling his finger out to shove it harder inside of you his thumb going up to rub your clit as he did. Your eyes were closed, but still leaking salty tears of submission your lower half in a weird mix of pain and intoxicating pleasure. 

“Guys your age don’t like girls that fight they just want a bitch that will bend over and shut the fuck up.” Sam grunted thrusting harder into your already swollen walls. You cried against the cloth trying to pull away from him as the stinging need spread through your lower half.

“You see I’m doing something nice for you right now and you don’t even fucking appreciate it, do you?” Sam asked pulling his hand from your pants to grab your face.

“Look at me.” He said calmly his grip bone breaking on your jaw. You opened your tear-fogged eyes to glare into his still dead cold hazel ones. 

“If you scream I will break every bone in your right hand, then the rest of your body.” Sam said dead serious his hand almost breaking your teeth with just his fingertips. He pulled the cloth out of your mouth waiting to see if you would listen to his threat. He smiled at you rubbing your breast lightly testing to see if you would scream, you didn’t your mouth closed with fright.

“Your friend screamed as soon as I ungagged her. I broke 4 of her fingers, but she just kept screaming.” Sam whispered against your face his hand traveling along your skin back towards your pants. 

“So, I killed her.” He whispered on your neck kissing your skin making you squeak in fear. His hand entered your pants again going back to your heated sex. He entered you making you gasp looking into his eyes still as he resumed his torment. 

“Don’t kill me.” You gasped your throat swelling from all of your sobbing.

“I won’t just do what I tell you too. For instant answer my qestions." Sam smiled kissing your neck as he rubbed faster the stinging climbing as he finger fucked you faster

"Are you a virgin?” He asked rubbing your clit harder.

“Yes.” You say the stinging radiating through your body as your leg started to convulse.

“I’m going to fuck you now. Are you going to be a good girl for me?” Sam grunted taking his finger out of you rubbing his wet digit up and down your folds. 

“I will do what you ask. Just don’t hurt me.” You whisper closing your eyes as he reached up with his juice covered hand rubbing it on your breast.

“Keep your hands right here.” Sam instructed taking his other hand away from your cuff and cloth covered hands. You forced your arm in place as he yanked your pants and underwear down. Throwing your shoes and socks in a pile next to Jenifer’s living room couch. 

“The boys in school don’t know what they are missing with a body like this walking around.” Sam whispered spreading your legs again getting a good look at your open folds. 

“Just do it. Stop playing with me.” You beg not liking the butterflies in your stomach from his words and eyes. 

“As you wish. Never had anyone beg for their own rape before.” He chuckled taking off his big leather jacket. He pulled his t-shirt off looking your crying body over. You were trembling under him your breast bouncing every time you took a deep breath. Sam stood up taking hs pants off throwing it over your pants just as your phone rang. You both froze looking at your pants pocket lighting up, Sam grabbed them pulling out the