they're going to be driving.

She nods, flashing another smile – are normal people always this happy and optimistic? – and turns back to Dean, shuffling back and forth on her feet until she shoots back to the kitchen with their order.

Dean's eyes track her backside as she power-walks back and forth between the kitchen and the bar, collecting dirty dishes and cleaning empty tables, filling the salt and pepper shakers and pushing chairs back where they belong.

John can see the underlining of a frown beneath Dean's appreciative gaze. His son couldn't be less attracted to that girl, John knows, but his eldest still tries to make it look like he is. Like he is a normal, teenage boy with teenage urges and heterosexual tendencies. Well, he's got the teenage part down, at least.

When they leave, John tucks a twenty Dean hands him under the bill they paid with Barak O'Brian's credit card, and the expression on Penny's face when she sees it makes John think he can last a few more hours driving than he's planned to. The piece of paper with her number and name on it that she hands Dean with a bashful smile while tucking a stray lock of blond hair behind her ear and Dean's forced enthusiasm when he assures her he'll call her make John think he should just let Dean drive and save them the possibility of him running into a tree.

John hates that his boys have to pretend. He hates that they are even doing it, and therefore have to pretend.

John wishes they'd pretend better. He wishes he'd believe them.

 

 

He lets himself into the room with caution, years of experience and what borders on trauma making his ears alert before his eyes even adjust to the darkness. His bed is empty, of course it is. Dean never sleeps there unless John is around to supervise it, and John suspects that the sheets have not been disturbed on that bed since he left for the hunt three days ago.

Dean's eyes snap open not two seconds later, and John feels pride well up in his chest. He had raised him to be a light sleeper in case something ever comes for them during the night.

Sam is wrapped around Dean, the mop of his hair hiding his face from John as he emits a quiet sniffling sound and buries it further in Dean's chest. Dean spares John a smile before closing his eyes once more, trusting John to keep them safe now that he's there.

John drops the duffle as quietly as he can on the floor beside his bed and fixes the salt line he'd disturbed. He locks the door and paddles to the bathroom, where he washes his face, scrubbing the grime from his temples where he hadn't managed to wipe it off with the wet wipes from the Impala and brushes his teeth until the taste of dirt is gone and he can no longer smell the stench of human flesh burning.

He unlaces his boots and, after taking them off, tries to scrape the blood of their soles with toilet paper. It works, mostly, but he still feels uncomfortable with the amount of genetic evidence his mere boots can provide. Combined with the human ash left in a not-quite-covered grave in the next-town-over's graveyard and the freshness of the body – the man had died mere hours before John had rolled into town following a string of strange deaths and hauntings in the gloomy town, hours – the pair of boots are enough to send him to prison for a lifetime.

Padding over to the bed and leaving his boots in the corner closest to him where he can pull them on in an instant's notice, he falls onto the springy mattress and falls asleep between one breath and the next.

 

 

"They your sons?" asks a stranger at a bar as John collects his money from body-builder types who suck at spotting a scam and put up a brave front up until the moment one of them catches the glint of John's gun in the poor light.

John lifts his head to regard the stranger, who appears to be a man no older than thirty, a kid, really. He has a ragged appearance and a natural tidiness to his facial hair John immediately envies. The only look John has ever been able to pull off is clean-shaven, probably a leftover convenience from his days as a Marine more than an actual taste in fashion.

The stranger is almost as tall as John, wears torn-at-the-knees jeans and a dark hoodie that is either black or a very dark blue colour. He smiles with the genuine interest of a curious by-the-way, but his posture and the rise of his hoodie where Dean usually keeps his own gun mark him as possibly dangerous and John takes a moment to answer.

He does so with a curt nod and a warning in his eyes as he stares the man down. The man doesn't so much as flinch, but rather mirrors his nod as if John has just proven what the man