’s vessel – not that I knew about that last part when I was given the assignment.  I’m not certain when I began to change my view of my job from being the guardian of Dean Winchester to being the guardian of the Winchesters.  I do know that when I arrived in the storage room to rescue you from Zachariah, I was there as much for you as for Dean – not because to save Dean I had to save you too, but to save you because you were as much my responsibility as your brother.  Even my rebellion.  The brainwashing, as you call it, didn’t last long.  The walls started falling when I set you free, when I betrayed Anna.  The final crumbling was that voicemail.  That was what drove me to rebel.”

“What voicem… wait, the one where Dean called me a freak and told me he was gonna kill me?” Sam asked, once again thrown for a loop.

Castiel shook his head.  “The one where Dean said he was sorry for using your father’s words against you and that while he was still pissed, you were still his brother.  What you heard, that was Zachariah.”

“You know, I spent days wondering when Dean was going to remember and get around to killing me,” Sam said.  “That’s actually part of why I left… I couldn’t deal with hunting, my own guilt, the demon blood fears, and worrying about when Dean was going to turn on me.”

“Once again, I am sorry, Sam,” Castiel said.  “I had assumed you and Dean discussed that message at some point, or I would have brought it up.  Perhaps things would have gone differently had I done so.”

Sam chuckled.  “We should have, I know, but c’mon, Cas.  When have Dean and I ever talked about things like sensible human beings?”

“You do have a point,” Castiel had to acknowledge.  “There’s something else I’d like to show you, while we have this unusual opportunity.  Hold out your hands.”  Sam obeyed, and Castiel very carefully settled Sam’s soul into its owner’s hands.  “Close your eyes and let your soul do the sensing, until I tell you it’s safe.”

Once again, Sam obeyed, intensely curious about what Castiel was doing.  A thump from in front of him caused him to focus.  In front of him, where Cas had been kneeling to hold the soul, Sam could “see” what, at first glance, appeared to be a ball of light and feathers.  The ball unfurled, stretching upward and outward until it resolved into a very vaguely humanoid form with six wings.  Two wings wrapped around the lower part of the body; two others formed a sort of hood over his face – although two eyes gleamed from the shadows.  The other pair of wings stretched out, holding the being aloft.

“Well.  This is… something of a surprise to me,” the being said.  “I knew I was more powerful, but I didn’t realize my form would change to match.”

“Castiel?” Sam asked.

“Yes.  When I was brought back, I was given the powers of a seraph,” the angel explained.  “I could tell I was… it doesn’t matter.  This wasn’t what I intended to show you, but only because I wasn’t expecting it either.  I wonder…”  The being shimmered, becoming smaller and more defined as humanoid.  He retained an etherealness about him, and radiated a sense of power that had Sam wanting to cover his eyes despite knowing that his eyes were closed and his soul could handle this.  Otherwise Castiel wouldn’t have risked it.  “This is the form I had before, when I was just a regular angel, a soldier.  This is what I wanted you to see.”  He shimmered again, once again becoming smaller.  This time, he streamed into a dark shape on the ground, which Sam recognized with a start as Jimmy Novak.

Once Castiel was fully back in and sitting up, Sam had a question.  “What would you have done if Jimmy didn’t let you back in?”

“Jimmy… oh.  Yes.”  Castiel settled himself.  “Jimmy’s body was destroyed by Raphael, when I broke the prophecy to give Dean his chance at stopping you, which freed his soul.  When the body was recreated so I could be brought back, neither Jimmy nor I saw any reason for his soul to leave the peace of Heaven to be once again chained to a comet.  Given the other options – Claire, or finding another bloodline capable of hosting a Seraph – Jimmy and I both felt that continuing to use his body without him in it was best.”  He reached out to take back Sam’s soul.

“Agreed,” Sam said faintly.  Now that he’d held it himself, having Castiel holding his soul felt… well, it felt different.  In a way that made Sam uncomfortable.

Castiel seemed to sense the discomfort.  “This will hurt, again