,' she says calmly.

Dean springs to his feet. 'Hang on a minute, lady. You don't cosh people over the head and cart them off to Godforsaken, Nowhere and then just show up with the bandages. What the fuck do you think you're doing with us?'

The woman looks at him as if she faces a raving Winchester brandishing a chair every day of the week.

'We've got a monster problem in this village. You showed up next town over and killed the biggest menace around that way before you even ate lunch. We thought you were the kind of young man we needed around the place.'

'So what, you thought popping a bag over my head and dragging me up here was the best way of going about it? You didn't think to ask?'

She shrugs. 'That's how it is here - there's not much comes this way without we take it. Last year, they needed builders, went and took two men. Five years ago, they needed a doctor.'

'So let me guess, they went and took one?'

'Went and took me.'

'And you just accepted that?'

The woman shrugs again and presses her hand to Dean's shoulder, trying to bring him down low enough that she can look at his head wound. 'Don't choose to leave. There's people here need me.'

Dean sinks bewilderedly down onto the bed and submits to her treatment. He'd like to ask why the hell these people can't get their medical treatment in the hospital like regular folk, but it's clear that that's somehow not an option. Something's keeping these people in - and almost everyone else out - and sending them all crazy. Including Sam, apparently.

He's pissed as all hell about how they ended up here, but it's clear that this is their kind of gig. These people brought him here to kill something, and he's damn well going to kill it.

'Okay...' he says slowly. 'If you want me to hunt monsters, you'll need to give me back my weapons. That means the guns I had on me, and I'll need to go and get my car.'

'The guns are no problem,' the woman says. 'The car though, that's no good. Can't have you going back out that way, might take it into your head to get in the car and drive in the opposite direction. You'll make do with what we have here.'

Dean can't argue with her reasoning, and he's not sure he wants to be driving his baby into crazytown anyway - it's bad enough being abducted himself, but if the locals decide that 'want it, take it' applies to the Impala he really will go crazy. Better just to kill this whatever it is and then get the fuck out of Dodge.

 

A couple of hours later, a whole bunch of guys show up with Dean's weapons and start giving orders about how he's got to kill this thing for them. They're very vague about exactly what it is he's supposed to be hunting, and Dean's still trying to get a crumb or two of useful information out of them when Sam starts muttering and twitching in his sleep. One of the guys -  a big, bearded dude who looks like he's auditioning for the part of Davy Crockett - jerks his head in Sam's direction and says,

'Not quite right, is he?'

Dean regards his brother, sprawled out across the bed in a berry stained dress, skirt rucked up round his waist and shorts outlining parts of his anatomy Dean prefers not to regard too closely.

'No,' he says ruefully. 'He's really not.'

It would be almost comforting to find someone else who thinks Sam's mad, except he's pretty sure that they're not actually talking about the same thing.

He goes back to the fruitless attempt to convince the men that the big hairy thing they say's been stealing children from their beds can't possibly be a werewolf, since he's yet to meet the werewolf that could unlock doors while in its animal form. He's just moved on to explaining that werewolves probably aren't reponsible for the formation of crop circles in the autumn wheat, either, when Sam's muttering turns to full power nightmare screaming and he jerks bolt upright.

'Feeding the innocents to its maw!' he screeches, staring wildly around. His gaze fixes on Davy Crockett and he points a trembling finger at the man.

'You! You were there, betraying your people!'

His John Brown vehemence is rather undermined by the fact that his hair has fluffed up around his head in a manner more reminiscent of Doc Brown, but it still seems to be having an effect on Davy Crockett and friends, all of whom look ready to employ the punch in the mouth approach to conflict management. Way to go, Sammy