“Will I cum in 5 minutes?” You asked not liking his answers so far. 

“Truthfully you could if he knew what he was doing, but your partner probably will not and you more than likely will not cum your first time.” Sam said with a smirk seeing your disappointed face. 

“Well, what if I get someone that knows what they are doing? Someone older that will be able to keep me going for a while?” You asked with a blush thinking of the possibilities. 

“Then you could either have the night of your life or you could realize you didn’t want a man for your first time. He won’t be gentle hell he probably won’t remember your name after he is done with you.” Sam warned knowing his words were a little over the top, but he didn’t want to see you getting hurt by someone looking to break a virgin. 

“What if it was someone I knew?” You asked looking at your brother’s firm looking arms outlined by the shirt. 

“Like who?” He asked sitting straighter going through the list of men you knew. 

“Maybe you?” You say sucking your bottom lip into your mouth when you see Sam’s eyes widen for a moment. 

“____ think about what you are asking and who you are asking it too before you say another word.” Sam said sternly looking into your eyes. You stay still staring back running over what it would be like with him. You blush confirming you wanted to do this with him the person you felt most comfortable with in this world. 

“I know you won’t hurt me Sam and you will make it feel amazing.” You said slowly getting up to straddle Sam’s legs. 

“You know this is something you could never tell anyone else.” Sam said putting a hand on your shoulder stopping your slow crawl onto his lap.

“You already said I don’t have a social life. Who would I tell?” You argue back moving to sit on his lap your underwear rubbing against his jeans. 

“It is going to hurt with me ____. I’m a little bigger than most men.” He warned again trying to persuade you away from your decision. You grind against his lap making him moan lightly his hand lightly squeezing your bare thigh. 

“I trust you, Sam. Please take me.” You whisper inches from his face your eyes locked on to his. He leaned in kissing you softly earning another moan from deep in his chest. Your hands spread on his chest feeling the rock-hard muscles flexing as he cupped your butt cheeks through your underwear. He pulled away from your soft lips to yank his shirt over his head. He leaned back on the head board before he pushed your tank top neck line and bra over your breast letting them free. He cupped them gently squeezing lightly, but enough to send pleasure to your groin.

“Oh, that feels good.” You sigh feeling his thumbs swipe over the hard buds before giving each one light kisses. 

“Dean will be home in an hour. Do you want to do this another time?” Sam asked before sucking on each of your nipples playfully. Your hips rocked side to side on his hardening member in his jeans. Your hands running through his long brown hair. 

“No please take me now Sam.” You gasp as he instantly pulls away lifting you off his lap for a moment with a protesting grunt from you. 

“Get undress, but leave the skirt on actually.” Sam said his fingers fumbling with his button and zipper before pulling them down. His penis sprang free curving towards Sam’s stomach already hard. You lick your lips throwing your shirt, bra, and panties in a pile on the floor. Before Sam could say anything, your mouth was wrapped around his red mushroom head. 

“Oh ____.” He gasped one of his hands going to the back of your head. You take him to the back of your throat like they do in porn only to gag immediately. Sam moaned again as you pulled back to going deep liking how he tensed in pleasure every time you did it. 

“Why are you so good at that?” He whispered letting you start to bob faster on his shaft saliva dripping from your inexperienced lips. You pulled back slowly rubbing your hand up and down like they did in the videos. 

“I’ve seen a couple of pornos on Dean’s computer.” You blush ready to put Sam inside of you.

“You dirty girl. Get up here, but face my feet.” Sam directed lifting your skirt to put his cock straight up for you to sink on. You could feel his head poking at your wet entrance.

“When you are ready just sit your pretty pussy down my shaft.” He groaned feeling his head widen your entrance. You pushed him into you slowly feeling his head start to hurt in your walls. 

“AHh! You are big.” You moan out just pushing passed the intense pain through your hymen stopping again with him half way inside. Sam grabbed your hips pushing you down the rest of the way. You moan out leaning forward