in and decided to give it a try, for Dean's sake. Twisting his wrist, he sent the bright blue ring hurdling toward the bottle. Unable to fully comprehend just how delicate the bottle was, Castiel used a little bit more force than necessary.

The bottle shattered upon impact. The man behind the booth jumped at the unexpected sound, eyes widening at the remains. Sam bit his lips and turned away from the scene, calming himself before he burst out laughing at Dean's bewildered expression and Cas's own perplexed one.

Gabriel would have been surprised as well, had it not been for the looks on Dean and Cas' faces, and the fact that he had been "in hiding" long enough to know glass tended to be rather delicate. That, and the look on the carnie's face was priceless.

"Come now Cas, you mustn't use all your strength, that was part of Dean's rule remember?" Gabe taunted his poor confused and bewildered brother, mirth clear in his voice and mischief in his eyes.

"I didn't mean to," a sad look overcame Castiel's features. He really hadn't meant to disobey Dean's orders. "I apologize Dean, I didn't believe I was at full strength."

Shoving his hands in his pockets, Sam watched the new scene in front of him unfold.

"It's alright Cas, Gabe's just being...well Gabe you know you don't have to take him so seriously." Cas gave him a meaningful look before turning back to Dean, it was usually Dean's opinion that mattered most.

"Of course I'm not mad Cas. I know you didn't do it on purpose! It just surprised me is all..." Dean admitted the last part softly, knowing it would make Cas feel better.

"You two are no fun," Gabriel said with a smile. "Won't even yank his chain just a little."

Chuckling softly, Sam walked over to Gabriel to give the man's plush cheek a soft pinch, "Sorry that we apparently have something called a heart." Gabriel gave Sam a look that made the much taller man smile, for a moment he actually contemplated on giving his angel a kiss. Thinking it over, he supposed the act would seem like he was giving in, and he didn't want the sneaky little trickster angel to get that idea. So instead, he pulled away from Gabriel and made his way over to his brother, expecting the worst.

Gabriel felt a little put out by the fact that Sam seemed to be onto him; so, with a discreet snap of his fingers, Gabriel once again turned on the vibrator, making Sam miss a step and nearly hit the ground. He would "break" Sam before the end of the day.

"Sam,are you ok?" with concern laced in his voice, Castiel laid one hand on the tallest Winchester's shoulder, "Are you once again feeling ill?"

Closing his eyes softly, Sam concentrated on ignoring the mind numbing pleasure and tried to focus more on speaking, "Y-Yeah, just lost my footing for a moment." With a sheepish smile, Sam excused himself from the group. Hastily, he slammed into the carnival's bathroom.

Even though he walked away from Gabe, the vibrator still went off inside him. Instead of settling even in the slightest, it seemed to be vibrating harder than ever. Making sure he was alone, he finally moaned his pleasure. Pressing his back against the bathroom's cruddy wall, Sam slid down until he sat down on the equally cruddy bathroom floor.

"Fuck..." he ground through his teeth.

"I had best go and make sure he's okay," Gabriel easily lied as he made his way to the bathroom Sam had entered, not seeing the strange look Dean was giving Cas.

Gabriel opened the previously locked door that held Sam behind it and let his smirk shine brightly.

"Now Sammy, this could have all been avoided if you had simply taken a few extra minutes to let me have my way with you. But, now you'll just have to wait until this evening~" Gabe taunted his poor sexually frustrated mate.

Sam glared metaphorical daggers at Gabe's egotistical ways. "This," heaving himself from the floor, he took back his previous position of leaning against the wall to steady himself, "I-it's nothing." Groaning helplessly, Sam buried his face in his palms.

"Make it stop," he pleaded.

The vibrator seemed to move inside him, going in further to rest lazily against his prostate, hardening his erection even further.

"Nng ahhh Gabriel please!" moaning wantonly, he gripped at the walls, hoping for some sort of leverage.

Doing as Sam begged of him, he stopped the vibrator, pulled the plug back toward his entrance, and away from his prostate. Not because Sam begged, but because he didn't want Sam to come just yet. After all, how would they explain the wetness in his jeans?