You take a few more steps feeling Dean’s hands groping your breast made you freeze. He chuckled shoving his hand down your pants as he picked you up from the ground your back shoved against his hard chest. 

“Damn you are really fucking stupid.” Dean laughs in your ear as your try to get away. Then you feel his hand gliding through your lower folds rubbing your tight hole as he walked you into the living room. All the curtains were closed as well as your father’s den door. Your parents were tied to your dining room chairs pushed up against the wall with cuts and bruises all over their bodies. Dean grabbed your face tightly stopping your scream.

“I love screamers.” Dean moaned pushing a finger inside of you. Your legs were desperately trying to get him out of your body. He sat down on the sofa keeping you facing your parents.

“How’s is this preacher? Do you still hold true to God?” Dean laughed loudly pulling out to rub a different part of your folds. His finger rubbing each side of your clit. You moaned against him trying to get away with your free arms. 

“How should I fuck you, little girl?” Dean asked licking your neck as he built a weird tingling deep in between your legs. Thank god you were still in your clothes and not completely naked laid out in front of your parents.  

“I’m going to move my hand if you talk louder than a whisper I’m going to kill your father. If you understand nod.” Dean threatened his stubble scratching your ear. You nod sharply then he moved his hand down to your breasts rubbing them lightly trying to provoke your nipples. 

“So, what do you think baby girl should I fuck you like this. All wide for Mommy and Daddy to watch. Or, what if I have your ass nice and high in the air right in front of Mommy force her to watch as I fill you up?” He grunted rolling his hips into your butt making you whimper slightly. 

“Why are you doing this?” You whisper watching your Mother cry nonstop from him hurting you. Your nipples were hard through your shirt Dean’s fingers were pinching them now. 

“Oh yeah, I knew I forgot something,” Dean said pulling his hand away from your body. You gave a slight sigh of relief until he snapped. 

 

“What in god’s name?” You cried now naked laid out in front of your parents. He was on top of you pinning your hands down. You looked up at your parents upside down faces in horror. You looked back at Dean to see him filled with amusement.  

“I am a fucking Demon.” Dean Winchester smiled from ear to ear as his eyes turned completely black. You didn’t scream or panic you just laid there looking into his dark black soul. He looked up at your parents his smile more genuine when they start to panic. Your mother was screaming with no sound coming out of her mouth while your father thrashed around trying to get out of the chair to protect you. 

“Your mother has pissed some people off and someone put an order on her to make her life hell. So, I took the job and here I am.” Dean explains kissing a sloppy trail down your body to your mound. You couldn’t move or react. Just able to feel everything he was doing to your still untouched body. His eyes were still solid black when he licked his broad tongue up your slit from your hole to clit. You gasped slightly arching from the indescribable feeling deep in your core. He sucked on your clit being as loud as possible for your parents to hear and see. His tongue working like crazy against you brought you to a very close edge you had been worried about getting to. He shoved his finger back inside of you hard rocking your body forwards and pushing you over your first orgasm all over his face. He pulled back to finger fucking you harder while you gush more juice onto his hand and the floor he pulled out of you opening your lips wide. 

“That is what I fucking love to see.” Dean moaned lapping at your pussy like an animal tasting all of your orgasm. Your mind was lost in the bliss as moan after moan escaped your slightly gaping mouth. He pulled back with a satisfied smack of his lips wiping his face on your stomach going up to suck on your breast. Dean popped your nipples in and out of his mouth puckering them and turning them a light purple. He smiled rubbing his nose along the very sensitive skin his black eyes turning green with his satisfaction. 

“This is crazy.” You gasp feeling his tongue licking up your neck back to your lips making you taste yourself. He bit your lip drawing a small amount of blood that he sucked on for a second before pulling back with a smug smile. 

“No _____ this is rape.” Dean whispered snapping his fingers again. 

 

“Oww.” You quietly grunted as Dean shoved his full length into you from behind. Your face and chest glued to the floor as your ass turned up against his hips giving him the perfect depth to hit