I just… Because you… Maybe I… or if…” he couldn’t get anything else past his throat and his fingernails dug into his palm. “Maybe we…”

He felt one of Cas’ warm hands slide over his fist, careful and light.

“I would like that.” Cas’ hand fell back at his side.

Dean took in a rough breath, his lungs hitching twice on it before he pushed it out in a quick exhale.

“Okay,” he said, nodding his head once.

Five minutes later, Cas was sitting in the deep aluminum vat up to his chest in water. Ice chunks  clacked together dully and the sound grated on Dean’s nerves. Cas was down to his undershirt and slacks, having bizarrely kept them on and neither Winchester had been able to utter the words ‘Don’t you want to take your pants off?’ to an angel.

“I will try not to struggle. I plan to breathe in the water as soon as I am under,  but I’m unsure as to how this body will react to the lack of oxygen. You may have to use quite a bit of force to keep me submerged.”

Dean didn’t say anything and he wasn’t sure if it was because he didn’t have anything to add, or he couldn’t form the words.

Sam nodded, his solemn expression matching Castiel’s.

“Time is different on the otherside, and the Fae have the ability to alter it further, so do not be overly concerned if the meeting appears to go long. They have indicated they will return me when we are finished speaking.”

They’d gone over this already and Dean didn’t know if Cas was repeating it for their sake or his.

“We got it,” Sam said.

Cas’ long, pale fingers were curled around the edges of the tub casually, and he pulled them under the water silently.

“I’m ready,” he said.

Dean opened his mouth to say something, anything, but before he could, Cas slid down, under the cold liquid with a slick sluice.

Dean’s hands followed him down, pressing on his chest lightly and at the first contact, Cas opened his eyes underwater. Through the ice, Dean could only blearily make out his features, but there was no mistaking Cas’ even stare.

Dean could feel that he hadn’t inhaled the water yet.

Sam was leaning over the other side of the tub, his own hands underwater, one on Cas hip, the other on his shoulder.

“You need to inhale,” Sam said loudly.

Castiel’s eyes moved over to Sam, his eyebrows drawing together. An air bubble escaped his lips.

“Inhale,” repeated Sam.

Cas’ mouth was open. Dean could feel Cas body tense under his fingers. Castiel’s eyes snapped back over to Dean and he couldn’t look away, couldn’t blink. He felt the intent in Cas’ body a split second before he acted on it.

“Sam,” he said warningly. It was all he could get out.

“Oh, fuck.”

Cas started struggling, hands coming up to grapple around Dean’s, fingers digging into his wrists. Cas feet kicked the tub, water started sloshing over the edge. Heavy splashes mixed in with the dull thud of feet hitting the aluminum. Dean pushed down as hard as he could, keeping Cas back against the floor of the tub, using all his body weight. His fingers curled into the fabric of Cas shirt and he ignored the nearly bone-snapping pressure of Castiel’s grip on his wrists. He could see Sam out of the corner of his eye, pressing down just as hard, face twitching and grimacing with the effort.

One of Castiel’s hands came up and connected solidly with Dean’s chin, whip-cracking his head back, making him snap his teeth together hard. The force of it ran through his jaw and settled in the vertebrae of his neck with a painful twitch. He tilted his head back down and met Cas’ stare, still implacably focused on him.

It was less than a minute of struggling, but it felt like so much longer. The sounds of water, of Dean and Sam both grunting with effort, of Cas’ feet hitting the tub. Cas got slower and the splashes were softer. Finally, Castiel’s hand pushed at Dean’s chest hard. Then again, but with less effort and one more time before his hand simply fell off to the side, the bones of his wrist hitting the sharp edge of the tub with a ‘thwack.’

Cas’ arm slid back into the water. The fingers of his other hand uncurled slowly from Dean’s wrist and joined its owner’s body in the tub. The water sloshed back and forth, each wave losing a little bit more of its kinetic energy.

Castiel’s eyes stayed open, focused on Dean, twisted and distorted by the ice floating in the tub.

Dean could hear Sam breathing heavily next to him, could hear the labour of his own