his identification card at his door the moment he reached it, hoping he’d have mail waiting inside that would tell him where he could find his brother. The door slid open and he stepped inside, his breath catching in his throat as he came face to face with Sam.

“Oh thank god,” Dean said as he pulled Sam in for a tight hug. He held him for just a moment before releasing him and punching him in the shoulder.

“What the hell is wrong with you?” Dean exclaimed, slamming his hand on the button to close their door.

Sam stepped back and raised his hands slightly in defense. “Dude, calm down. I barely got in trouble.”

Dean’s chest heaved as he took a deep breath to calm himself. “I was worried sick about you and all you can say is that you barely got in trouble?”

“Look, I’m sorry, Dean.”

“Yeah, well, ‘I’m sorry’ isn’t gonna cut it, buddy,” Dean spit out. “What were you thinking?”

“I was thinking that I could help our friend out,” Sam said as he rolled his shoulders back slightly. “I was thinking that the information I found was more important than getting a simple demerit on my record.”

“I don’t even want to hear it,” Dean said as he turned around and threw himself on his bed. He picked up a book from the corner of his desk and flipped through the pages idly, his eyes only skimming over the little black text. After he’d exploded at Cas, which now felt like over-kill, his brother being so nonchalant about it set his blood boiling again.

“You’re not my dad,” Sam said boldly, narrowing his eyes. “And you can’t control what I do.”

Dean slammed his book shut and stood up, standing so close to Sam he could feel his breath. “Get out. Now. I can’t even look at you right now,” Dean growled as Sam’s words echoed around in his head. It hurt more than he’d ever admit.

“You know what Dean, fine, suit yourself,” Sam said. He grabbed his backpack and opened the door in a huff. “You never want to listen to what anyone else has to say.”

Dean ignored him, staring straight ahead at the wall. He waited until he heard the door click shut before he grabbed the old tape deck from his desk drawer. The edges were worn and the black paint had chipped on most of it so that only the metal casing was visible along the edges. Dean popped open the tape deck and pulled out the well-worn and well-listened to Led Zeppelin tape, replacing it with another tape that he kept hidden deep within his desk. He sighed as he pulled it out, exhaustion taking over his body.

Fighting with Sam always took a lot of energy out of him, and he hated that he’d somehow managed to push away both Sam and Cas in the same day. Dean took a deep breath as he slipped his headphones over his ears and sat back against his pillows. His hands clenched into small fists again as he closed his eyes and held back the wave of emotions that were too much for him to handle.

Dean ran his fingers along the cassette tape’s plastic edges and his eyes misted up slightly as he grazed over the faded yellow sticker that read “The Beatles.” He flipped the tape around to the second side and fast forwarded to the song he wanted. The tape was one of his mom’s, and even when he felt like he could no longer remember what she looked like, he could remember sitting in the kitchen with her as the music flowed through the house.

As the lyrics played gently through his headphones, Dean found himself drifting between memories somewhere in the middle of being awake and asleep. I said something wrong, now I long for yesterday. Dean felt a swell of guilt as he thought of the things he’d said to Cas, and the way he’d dismissed his brother. He rolled over onto his side and closed his eyes, too tired to confront his fears and mistakes. He set aside his own pride for a moment and allowed himself to feel the immense relief that came with finding his brother safe and sound on Celsphere; not locked up in a prison deep within.

“I’ll make it up to you guys,” Dean said as he looked at the empty bed across the room and wondered when Sam would come back.

 

*****

 

Sweat covered the palms of his hands as he landed, and it wasn’t yet from the warm weather of Terra. He’d spent the better part of the week trying to make amends with Sam, who had remained elusive and aloof towards him. The time Dean didn’t spend worrying about his brother, he ran various scenarios through his mind of what he should say to Cas.

Now that they had actually landed, he felt like he’d spent eternity preparing a speech only to forget it in its entirety