he moved forwards pressing his chest against your back. Dean also moved closer the heat was so intense you might start sweating from it all. Sam’s hand went around to hold your stomach keeping you close to his body while you start to fall asleep. Dean moved closer making you start to sweat more in Sam’s shirt making you start to wiggle a little bit in Sam’s arms.

“Are you uncomfortable?” Sam asked his arm loosening around you.

“I’m just too hot now after being in that cold room for so long.” You giggle feeling weird having both of your brothers this close to you. 

“Maybe if you took my shirt off you would cool down.” Sam suggested already grabbing the bottom of the shirt. You let him pull it off you and leaving you in your tank top and sports bra again. Sam’s hand went back to your stomach his body pushing you closer to Dean as he molded his chest against you back again. 

“Did that help?” Dean asked looking at you in the dark.

“Yes, thank you. Now let’s try to get some sleep. We have a case to solve after all.” You laugh getting comfortable your leg naturally coming up resting on Dean’s thigh. You felt a large hand rest on your leg then Dean’s finger squeezing lightly as you feel back asleep.

**DREAM**You were climbing a winding stone staircase up to a wooden door with a large metal knocking ring in the middle of it. You reach out knocking loudly making the walls and stone under your feet shake. It opened slowly as the wind sucked you into the room. The room was empty besides a single TV in the middle of it. You walked closer watching the TV turn on to a weird movie about hands. You start to feel uneasy like you were being suffocated. As more and more hands flashed on the screen your heart started to beat faster as a random man came out from behind the TV his eyes replaced with hands as he smiled at you.

“She will like it trust me.” He said in a disembodied male voice making the room shake and the TV static for a moment. The man stood showing you his torso covered in arms and hand making you scream and turn going back to the door only to find it gone. Then you felt thousands of hand dragging you back towards the TV the male voice shaking the room with laughter as you scream hands and finger clawing and pulling at your skin. 

You jolted awake feeling two large hands still on your body. You were about to scream thinking you were still dreaming until Dean moved closer to you.

 

“Hey calm down.” Dean whispered pulling your chest against his. You relaxed until you felt your nipples harden against Dean’s bare chest. 

“Why am I naked?” You asked trying to pull away only hit your bare butt on Sam’s hard penis. You jumped back forward into Dean’s hard shaft instead. 

“Because we love you.” Sam said getting closer his penis sitting on your lover back.

“Why are you both naked?” You asked again unsure if you should stay still or try to get away from them. You looked into what you thought was Dean’s eyes until you saw them getting closer to your face. Before you could say anything, else Dean pressed his full slightly chapped lips to yours. You froze feeling Sam’s hand cup your butt cheeks at the same time. Dean tried to deepen the kiss, but you tried to pull back from him in confusion. 

“___ just relax. Let us take care of you.” Sam said moving his hand down to your leg pushing it around Dean’s bare hips. Dean stopped not bothering to try and force you into kissing him if you didn’t want to do that.  Sam moved out of the way as Dean rolled you both over so that he was on top of you in between your legs. 

“Dean.” You whisper your hands going around your brother’s shoulders and neck. He had his one arm next to your head keeping his chest off yours while his other hand lifted your other leg around his hip. He moved his fingers around to the inside of your thigh touching your lower lips for a moment. You gasped as he parted them sinking a finger into your already wet hole. 

“Don’t scream.” Dean said before grabbing his shaft to spread you again with his cock head. You tensed from the contact not even getting a chance to say stop before he shoved himself into your walls. 

“Dean” You gasped while he pushed deeper your fingers tensing again his back as his scruffy face scrapped along your neck and cheek. A small sting of pain in your lower abdomen told your brain that you had just lost your virginity. Dean pushed all the way inside of you. He wasn’t hurting you too bad it was just a lot of discomfort mostly. He stayed still inside of you letting you get adjusted to his size before he started to pull out passing a point in your walls that had you moan in his ear suddenly. 

“So, warm.” Dean