not by now, I’m pretty sure I won’t be.”  He looked over to Dean, catching Dean’s eyes.  “If you’d be more comfortable with me locked up…”

“Nah,” Dean said shortly.  “Not much point, you’re more you now than you have been in months.  You say you’re clean, I’ll take your word for it.”

“Fair enough,” Sam said.  “It’s been a long couple days, though, so unless you want to get things over with tonight… I’m going to bed.”

Dean shrugged.  “I’ll be up in a bit,” he said.  “Things can wait till the morning, neither of us has gotten much sleep lately.”  He hesitated before adding, “Hey, uh… could… do… oh, never mind.  Not the time for this.”

“What?” Sam said, pausing at the foot of the stairs.

“It’s nothing,” Dean insisted.  “Not really important.  Just… not sure if you still pray, but if you do, say one for Cas?  Not sure what rewards a dead angel can get, but if anyone deserves something…”

Sam huffed his amusement.  “Yeah, uh, I don’t think God or anyone cares what I have to pray about, but then again, I’m pretty sure that’s been the case for a long time now.  Can’t hurt to try, anyway.”  He went upstairs and sat on the bed that had been his every time he and Dean stayed with Bobby, ever since they were little kids.  Was there a point to prayer, for him?  For anyone?  Maybe, maybe not.  He clasped his hands between his knees, leaning forward slightly with his head bowed.

“So, I know you’re probably pissed about Lucifer,” he started.  “So I doubt anyone’s listening to the boy with the demon blood.  But I have to try.  I’m dead in the morning, prayer is all I have left to offer the people I love.  Dean swore his service, so I know you’ll look after him, but he’ll need a lot of support.  He’s a good guy and deserves a real reward, once he’s saved the world.  He’s been so tired, for so long, please… let him find rest with someone who can understand him and give him the love and the home he deserves.”

“I don’t know what to ask for Bobby, other than helping him understand why Dean’s doing what he’s going to do.  He and Dean will need each other, so grant him the wisdom and the compassion to forgive.  I know I let him down, but he forgave me; he should be able to forgive Dean.”

“I screwed the pooch on this one.  Dean and Bobby can fix it, I know they can, but they’ll need help.  Now I don’t know what happened with Castiel.  The last time I saw him, he was toeing company line, turned against Dean, but Dean still trusts him.  I hope Dean is right.  Castiel, man, if you can hear this – please be okay.  I’m sorry you had to die, or suffer, or whatever happened to you as you tried to help Dean clean up my mess.  He still needs you, more than ever after tomorrow.  I know you have more important things to do than to look after one human, and your assignment is probably over now that the Apocalypse is real, but if you could check in on him, help him out… he trusts you, Cas, and that’s not something to take lightly.”

Sam paused for a bit, thinking about the angel who had tried to help Dean.  “Castiel.  I wish I could have known you under better circumstances.  I looked up to you, at first because you were an angel and I believed, but even when I lost my faith in the angels, I still had faith in you.  You were starting to… I don’t know, but somehow, you stopped being a dick with wings and started being an angel like the ones I believed in.  And I get why you don’t like me, I do, but it seemed like you were trying to help me.  After Alastair… Uriel would have smitten me, especially the way I treated you in the hospital afterward.  I failed you, Castiel, and I am so sorry.”

Sam sighed, looking around the room.  “Guess it’s just the usual now – I pray that those gone before us have found rest and peace.  For Mom, Dad, Jess, Ash, Andy, Adam, Madison, Pamela, the countless others whose deaths were caused by getting involved with me.  For Castiel, if his name belongs on that list.  For those I’ve wronged, like Cindy, or who will die because I let Lucifer into the world.  Amen.”  He lifted his head, blinking