seeing only another bench seat in front of the one you were sitting in. You look over at your husband seeing him smiling at you and looking at your lips again. Before you could say anything, he leaned forward again cupping your right cheek. His kiss was firmer this time moving along yours with hunger as he parted them quickly snaking in his tongue. You moan lightly inexperience kept you from also advancing into his mouth leaving him to dominate the fiery kiss. His hand moved down to cup your chest through the dress making you nervously stiff against him. He pulled back with an apologizing face. 

“I’m sorry to be so quick. You just taste really good I can’t seem to get enough of you.” Dean explained his hand moving down to your upper thigh. The car started to slow, but you and Dean would be waiting in here for your fathers to lead you to the consummation room. 

“Have you had sex before?” You asked too nervous to think about anything else right now. Dean blushed rubbing his hand through his hair making that messy hairstyle that suited him so well. 

“I’ve never gone all the way before.” He admits with a small grin looking at your bright pink cheeks. Dean leaned over again lightly kissing your lips before looking into your eyes. 

“Don’t be nervous. Just talk to me and don’t hold back your feelings and wants. I want this to be as good for you as I’m sure it will for me.” Dean whispered his mint breath blowing along your damp lips. Your door was opened and John Winchester popped his head in with a smirk.

“Come on love birds you have a special room just for that.” John chuckled letting you both get out while your father comes to join the group.

“Ok guys this way.” Your dad says as Dean takes your hand in his. You are lead through all the people at the party into a room with a large queen-sized bed on the back wall. Red sheets and nothing else on it. There small tables lining the walls with candles on them the only light source in the room as the door was shut behind yall. Dean started to take off his tux just making a pile on the floor. You reach behind your neck to start unzipping the dress until you couldn’t reach anymore. Dean came up behind you pulling it down the rest do the way letting the white material fall in a puddle around you. You stepped out to face your husband in only a white thong and your single garter high on your left thigh with a small pink bow on the outside. Dean was just in his boxers and sock the material of his boxers were tented from his already hard penis. 

“You look gorgeous.” Dean said letting his eyes scan every part of your exposed breast and skin. He stepped forwards wrapping his arms around you before backing you into the bed. He kissed you as you fell onto your butt bouncing lightly on the mattress. Dean looked down at you with a lust filled gaze his penis now level with your face. You bite your lip slowly pulling down his underwear letting his rock-hard cock free. Your fingers wrapped around the middle of his shaft pulling the skin slightly towards you before pushing back against him. He moaned softly closing his eyes while you went a little faster. You moved forward taking his head into your mouth your tongue running down the smooth part of his head. 

“_____.” Dean moaned putting a hand on your shoulder. You slid further letting his head hit the back of your throat. The rest you used your hand to start pumping like before. You sucked lightly on his warm penis. Hearing his suck in a breath of approval as he moaned again. You looked up at Dean happy to see his mouth open in pleasure making you suck harder trying to please him.

“Slow down I’ll cum too fast if you keep sucking that hard.” Dean chuckled gazing down at your hollowed cheeks around his shaft. 

“Can I eat you out?” Dean asked running his fingers through your hair. You pulled him out of you using your saliva to pump him with your hand quickly earning another deep moan before you moved up the bed. Dean crawled after you keeping his head low brushing his nose against your breast and stomach. Your head landed close to the wall your arms spread to either side of you. Your legs remained closer lightly squeezing together as Dean’s finger wrapped around the small band of your thong pulling it around your butt and down your legs. He then pushed your knees apart with his hands gently before rubbing his face against the inside of your left tight his lips capturing the material before he pulled it off as well. He looked down at your fully naked body as if trying to memorize every detail of you in this moment. 

“I was nervous about the whole arranged marriage idea, but so far I wouldn’t want anyone else in this room with me. I can’t wait to start our life together so I can make you as happy as I am right now every day.” Dean said the truth in his words shining