task is to take care of my people, and you’re in my village.”  She led them to the large hall at the center of the village, and into a room with a table and a map.  “Now.  What brings the two of you here?”

“You don’t know?” Dean said.

“My lady, please forgive the prince’s rudeness,” Castiel said, glaring at Dean.  “His brother has powers, and the king learned of them.”

Anna’s face went sympathetic.  “Where is he?  We can shelter him until he has a safe place to go.”

“Gehenna, we think,” Dean said.  “We were going bring him here, but he ran away.  We think he may be trying to loop around and get here while being in Eden as little as possible.”

“Even if he isn’t heading here, we hoped that maybe one of your people had a power that would be able to help us,” Castiel added.  “To help Sam.”

“There’s a couple who might be able to,” Anna said thoughtfully.  “The problem is, and I’m sure you’ve noticed this with your brother, their powers are inconsistent, or uncontrollable, or come with a terrible cost for using them.  We knew you were coming because Ava saw it in a dream.  That’s why I hid the village from you; Ava’s dreams are always some sort of very significant event, and can be good or bad.  I didn’t know which it was.  To be honest, I still don’t, but I do know that your intentions are good at least.  She may have dreamt again last night, or will tonight, something that would help you.”  Anna thought for a bit.  “Most of their powers are something physical like throwing things with their mind, or mental like reading minds.  Not the kind of thing that would be useful for finding someone.  Pamela might be able to help if we can narrow this down, she can use her sight to look at places far away, but she’d need to know where to look.  The longer she’s focused on somewhere else, the longer it takes her sight to come back here.  I can’t ask her to search all of Gehenna.”

“No,” Castiel agreed.  “And any of your mind readers or whatever are too limited in range, I would imagine.”

“Exactly,” Anna said.  “Their powers come with costs.”

Dean cleared his throat.  “You keep saying their powers.  Aren’t you…?”

Anna laughed.  “I’m supposed to be, that’s the rumor and the reason I’m here!  But if I have powers, I’ve never been able to make them do anything.  I don’t know what they are.”

“You may not have had strong enough cause,” Castiel said.  “Sam knew of his vision dreams, but he only discovered his ability to move things with his mind when it was the only way he could save my life.  Even knowing he had that power, he hasn’t been able to make it work again.”

“Huh,” Anna said.  “Yeah, that’s the inconsistency.  Training can help with that, or with learning to minimize or manage the costs, but a lot of my people are just as happy to forget they ever developed their powers.  Come on, Ava’s your best chance, or we can figure out how far Prince Sam could have made it on foot in the amount of time he’s been gone and try to guess where he might be.”

Anna took them to a cottage.  Just as she was about to knock the door opened.  The woman gasped.  When she caught her breath, she said, “Lady Anna!  I was just on my way to see you.  I had another dream last night.”  She shot a fearful look at the two men with Anna.

Anna noticed.  “These are the two men you saw coming here.  They’re looking for their brother, another one of Michael’s outcasts, and thought he might have come here.”

“Your brother… tall, long brown hair, eyes that change color depending on the light and angle?” Ava said.

“That’s him,” Dean said eagerly.  “Your dream?”

Ava flinched.  “Remember, I’m just the seer, I don’t create these situations.  A man of that description was caught by a Gehennan patrol and taken to King Lucifer.  Is your brother someone important?”

Dean stared at her.  Anna stepped in.  “Ava, this is Prince Dean of Kansas, and his companion Sir Castiel.  They’re looking for Prince Dean’s brother.”

“Oh!”  Anna dropped into a deep curtsy.  “I’m sorry, your highness, we don’t get much news out here, we avoid strangers, you understand.”

“Missouri is the one who identified you.  Ava’s reasonably skilled with a pencil, and if you can get Missouri an image of