so I guess it didn't work." I growl turning away. Suddenly my right hand was grabbed and pushed against a fabric covered shaft. He jerked my head up to look at him with surprised.

"He wanted to. He just was afaraid you were falling in love with him. My memory's are of him jerking off to your pictures almost every week. It made it really hard not to just bend you over that bar table when I saw you." Dean said staring into my eyes.

"Your not him." I said coldly grinding my teeth together as my hand went slack against his hard shaft.

"Your right I'm not." He said finally before taking off the boxers and climbing back on the bed in between my legs.

"I have no emotion attachment to you other that what he had felt. So I can do this!" He growled pounding deep inside of my sore pussy. I arched and screamed pulling against the cuffs.

"With out giving a damn how much it's hurts you." He moaned pulling out to start fucking me harder than before.

"Stop please!" I beg weakly my arms starting to bleed from being cut on the metal cuffs.

"No I want to cum it's my turn. That's how a relationship works baby." He groaned rocking the bed harder with each powerful thrust. 

"Pleas Dean. Your hurt me!" I yell in defeat trying everything to get him out of me. He slapped a hand over my mouth pushing my head into the mattress. 

"None of that right now." He ordered going faster. His shoulder muscles flexed in my vision before I focused on the ceiling above. Trying to block out the rape. 

Soon I only heard his grunts before he tensed plowing into me harder. He stopped for a moment thrusting a few more times until he panted heavily on top of me. 

"God that felt good." He whispered pulling out of my swollen walls. I winced turning away from him to face the wall. 

"I'll be back later. Do you need to use the bathroom?" He asked pulling on clothes randomly.

"No." I said sternly still not looking at him. He dresses the rest of the way silently before slamming the front door shut then locking it. 

I looked around again not seeing any windows of indications of what time it was. I looked at the bed frame closely seeing the cuffs locked on to thick wooden past connected to a wide middle board. No way to break it. No way out unless the boys find me. I felt used and broken my lower half leaking slowly on to the bed underneath me. I laid their soon shutting my eyes fighting back the tears before falling into a deep restless sleep.

I woke up looking at Dean sitting casually with a news paper in his hands. His hair was brushed forwards angling upwards. His green eyes studying the words as his teeth bit in to his bottom lip lightly. He was clean shaven with a new tighter black T-shirt and light blue jeans. His body snug in the clothes showing his muscled frame.

"I can see you checking me out. You read for a good morning fuck?" He asked with a wide smile setting down the newspaper. I turned away in disgust until I heard him coming over.

"You ready to use the bathroom?" He asked a key held up in my eye sight. 

"Yes." I say softly looking away from him as he unlocks my feet first. Then he moves to my hands take a few steps back.

"It's right there. You can use the shower as well. I will have breakfast ready for us soon." He said watching me take slow steps to the closed door. When I entered I slammed it looking for a way out seeing nothing and no way to lock the door. I just used the small toilet looking around at the single sink and stand up shower.



"How long have a I been here?" I question out loud trying to think clearly now that I was out of the cuffs. After I flushed I found a small bottle of shampoo and conditioner. I turned on the hot water stepping in and quickly applying shampoo then conditioner



I had my eyes closed my back to the door when I heard it open lightly creaking.

"Breakfast is done. You need help washing your back?" Dean chuckled getting closer to the clear door to watch me wash the soap away. I tensed trying to ignor him until I felt fingers graze my back.

"No I got it. I'll be out soon Dean." I said quickly trying to make him happy enough to just leave me the fuck alone.

"I'll get you a towel." He said darting from the room. I rinsed the soap away turning off the water and pressing my body into the corner.

"Here you go darlin'." The shifter said putting the towel around my shoulders. I dried off before wrapping it around my torso. I stepped out looking up at his dark eyes. He was staring at me with a hard expression.

"What baby you forgot your manners. I just