. Quirking an eyebrow, Dean looks up in time to catch the look Cas is giving him. He’s seen that look before—the parted, pink lips; the hooded, blue eyes; and those eyebrows peaked with the perfect balance of interest and intent. Dean knows what’s going to happen long before Castiel leans over to whisper in his ear and long before the hand he’s been abusing is palming him through his already tight jeans. 

"Be quiet," Cas breathes into his ear, just before releasing the hold on Dean’s wrist. "Can you do that for me, Dean?" The way his name falls from Castiel’s lips is like hot velvet—deep and hoarse yet fluid and practiced. The warmth of his breath on his ear only heightens the sensation. It is enough to make Dean hum and lift his hips, desperate to feel more of that delicious friction between his legs. 

"Y-Yeah," Dean sighs, eyelashes fluttering and eyelids going heavy as he tries to compose his breathing. 

Satisfied with his partner’s peaceful audacity, Castiel proceeds. His fingers move deftly over the rough denim and quickly undo the button and zipper on the other man’s bottoms before tracing over his swelling member through the thin fabric of his boxer briefs. He appreciates the way his form-fitting underwear outlines the girth of his lover’s hard length and licks his lips at the sight before lifting his gaze to stare at Dean’s face once again. 

The younger man is already flushing heavily, cheeks tinted pink and eyes clouded with lust. It’s exactly where Cas wants him—distracted and focused on anything but their current elevation and the chances of survival if they were to crash. His body is still tense, most likely from hearing the occasional shift of machinery within the aircraft, so Castiel pulls his hand away to readjust his headphones and places one in Dean’s ear but leaves the other dangling down his front. He flashes Dean a grin and leans in to kiss the corner of his lips while sliding his hand down the center of his chest and over abdomen. 

Once he’s reached his groin, Castiel makes quick work of pulling him from the confines of his underwear. Dean’s cock twitches against the cool air of the cabin and his breath catches in his throat at the unique sensitivity. Cas has to bite his lip just to keep from leaning in and greedily swiping his tongue over the precome soaked head of his boyfriend’s cock. He always teases Dean for being a leaker but God, does he want to taste him at that very moment. 

Swallowing heavily, Castiel instead reaches down to thumb at the slit at the head of his cock, smearing the sticky mess there and rubbing delicate circles against the tip. The attention leaves Dean gulping and spreading his legs as wide as the constricting denim will allow him but he has yet to make a sound. He tenses once when Castiel wraps his long fingers around his shaft, giving him two firm and deep strokes before setting a steady rhythm. 

"So hot in my hand," Cas whispers into his lover’s ear, chin planted against his shoulder and lips just centimeters from his stubbly cheek. Castiel smiles when Dean turns his face away, obviously overwhelmed, and strokes him a little faster to regain his attention. When he finally does, Dean is sucking his lips in and sweating more than before. He eventually releases a huffed exhale and stares down at their connection. He has to bite down on the back of his own hand just to keep from moaning out as Castiel’s hand jerks him slow and relentlessly. 

Castiel tightens and loosens his grip sporadically, using his fingertips to apply just the right amount of pressure to just the right places to make Dean squirm and buck up into his hand helplessly. He uses his forearm to hold down one of the other man’s strong thighs, wanting to keep him still as he works his cock. The precome makes him slick and shiny in Cas’ hand, allowing the brunette to slow and speed up at his leisure.

With Dean’s hand still pressed against his own mouth, Castiel seizes the opportunity and teases him further. It begins as him deepening his strokes while attacking his neck with bruising, open-mouthed kisses that have Dean’s neck straining backwards and continues with Castiel trailing his lips from his throat to his ear to whisper all the things he knows Dean wants to hear. 

He tells him how good he is, how fucking gorgeous he looks, how hard he’s going to fuck him once they reach their hotel room. And Dean is just losing it. With the guitar solo from Lynyrd Skynyrd’s Free Bird playing in one ear and Castiel’s gravely dirty talk in the other, Dean falls apart. 

The hand that was covering his own mouth drops to his side limply and balls into a fist. Castiel notes his lover’s quivering thighs and how the veins in his neck surface as he screws his eyes shut. He listens to the sharp, jagged breaths escaping Dean’s parted lips and leans forward to silence them, claiming his mouth hungrily and