almost couldn’t breathe the feeling of his warm mouth on yours was like magic. He pulled back looking at your dazed eyes. 

“I would fuck you the moment you asked me too.” Sam said kissing you again this time with more force quickly parting your lips to push his tongue inside. You moaned feeling a part of him inside of you tasting you. He wrapped his arm around your waist pulling you to him, but because of his height Sam just lifted you up around his hips. Pushing his obvious boner into your clothed covered crotch. You broke the kiss in shock letting your head fall against the wall behind you. 

“You feel huge.” You whimper trying to look down at him, but he was too close to your body.

“Don’t worry it won’t hurt that bad. I’ll make you feel so good you won’t even think about the pain.” Sam whispered against your neck making your spine tingle in need. 

“Ok, don’t hurt me, Sam.” You say as he lifts you from the wall by your butt cheeks. He laid you down on your bed pushing your legs wider around his hips. He pulled back to take off his tank top and unbuttoning your pants quickly pulling them down along with your underwear. 

“Take your shirt and bra off.” Sam instructed looking down at your soft looking virgin pussy lips. You did as he asked while you watched him make his slit start to shine with precum. 

“Now I want you to tell me when I make you feel good.” Sam said leaning down to kiss the top of your breast your lips soon capturing your right nipple sucking lightly.

“There.” You gasp as he moved on to the left one sucking harder this time you whimper again. Your clit throbbing with the surge of pleasure. 

“Ah and there.” You whisper your fingers digging into the blankets underneath you. Embarrassed you closed your legs slightly afraid of the feeling Sam was making spread through you. Sam bit down lightly making you gasp in sharp pain. He forced your legs open with his knees making you wince from the pressure of it. Sam moved down your body ignoring your discomfort until his mouth found your clit. He sucked on the small bud pulling it between his lips to flick and swirl around in his mouth. 

“Oh, Sam there.” You gasp as pleasure radiates down your legs making them stiff on either side of Sam’s head. He ran a finger around your entrance teasing your snug walls lightly. He licked widely at your clit before pushing his finger up to his second knuckle wiggling it around your warm insides. 

“Feels so good Sam.” You say in between moans until he pulled away from you to kiss back up your body. You felt his head at your entrance like his finger had just been. 

“I’m about to fill you up with my big cock ____.” Sam grunted in a sudden aggressive voice. He pulled your legs up over his shoulders making you curl uncomfortable into yourself. 

“Wait Sam, not like this. I changed my mind.” You start to protect attempting to get your legs off his chest. He grabbed your arms pinning them to your sides simultaneously sliding his massive penis inside of you. He pressed his lips to yours swallowing the scream that exploded from your mouth. He moaned rocking his hips further into yours stretching out your already burning walls. He slid out of you spreading you wider with his thick head just to slam back into your cervix with a deep grunt against your lips. He pulled back with a smirk pulling out again all the way this time. 

“I just couldn’t wait any longer. You just felt so warm and tight on my finger.” Sam moaned setting a deep slow rhythm pounding you into the mattress relentlessly. Your feet were on his shoulders making you cry just from the painful angle your legs were in.

“You are hurting me.” You complain turning away from his long hair tickling your face. He grunted louder in your ear pumping in and out of your hurting lower half. He was roughly fucking you with all his strength. His fingernails digging into your wrist while he pinned your hands to the bed. 

“You tasted so amazing, so clean. I could fuck your tight little cunt all day long ____.” Sam moaned slowing down to pound using the force to start bouncing your body on his cock. Your legs were numb from the weird angle pinching your nerves making you feel like a rag doll for Sam’s enjoyment. 

“Please stop Sam.” You beg with tears running down your red face. 

“You're too deep.” You cry out trying to put your legs down off his chest again. He just picked up speed going back to brutally fucking you as you begged him to stop. 

“No this is perfect. I’m so close ___.” Sam moaned pushing your hands higher so he could get a deeper angle. You cried out in pain from Sam hammering into your cervix with his giant penis repeatedly. 

“Please just hurry up!” You cry as more tears fall from your eyes. Sam kept pounding the sound of his