each other, guilt erupting in their eyes. "What is it? Did something happen?", you asked, concerned. Did one of your brothers or sisters that was close to you die? "We know about you and that demon", one of them spat. Your eyes widened. You were about to explain yourself as the other one spoke up. "We're sorry, (YN). We really are" Then you were grabbed, and the last thing you felt was your grace being ripped out of you before everything faded to darkness. 

You woke up at the side of some rode, the rain splattered down onto your shivering form. Panic shot through you as you remembered that you didn't have your grace, that you weren't an angel anymore. You were human. Completely and utterly human. You wrapped your arms around yourself, instinctively trying to warm yourself up. "Castiel", you prayed, and hoped he could hear you. "Castiel, I need your help" Not a second later he appeared, concern filling his blue eyes. Tears streamed down your face. "My grace, Castiel. They... They took my grace", you cried. Immediately he was by your side, wrapping his arms around you in an attempt to comfort you. Then he lifted you up. You felt him flying you somewhere, but couldn't see where because you had your head buried in the crook of his neck.

"Cas, is that you? Where were you?" It was Deans voice, you looked up, just in time to see him walk around the corner. He froze as he saw your body, shivering and weak. "Shit, (YN) what happened?" "Our brothers", Castiel answered, and you were grateful for you didn't trust your voice. You were still cold. How long had you been laying in the rain? Dean seemed furious. "Why would they do something like that?", he fumed, pacing around the room. Castiel and Dean kept on talking, and at some point Sam had entered the room as well. You weren't able to follow the conversation, too occupied with focusing on the wet clothes, the cold and the pain. And the fear. You felt vulnerable. Weak. Insignificant. You didn't realize you were crying again. It was too much to take in. 

"We need to warm her up. She's drenched and the bunker is not the warmest place." Sams voice. Not a moment later you were in a bed, with new clothes on and caught in at least five blankets. You were fighting off the exhaustion, trying to listen to the Winchesters and Castiel. "Hello, boys", another voice chirped. You knew that voice. "Why did you call me sounding so scared? Nobody's dead or hurt" Just then he seemed to realize that you were in the room. You looked up at him, scared of what he might think of you now. "What did you bloody idiots do now?!", Crowley growled. "We didn't do anything", Dean yelled, overwhelmed. "Some of our brothers stole her grace", Castiel said calmly, but you knew he was furious. Suddenly there were arms around you, making you flinch. "I'm sorry, love. I didn't mean to scare you", Crowley mumbled, pulling you to his chest. "We'll get your grace back, love. Just trust me" You nodded, noting that the other three people had left the room. "I do", you croaked. He kissed your forehead lightly, making you smile. Then you fell asleep.

When you woke up again you were still in Crowleys arms. He laid on his back. Your head hurt, as did your throat. And you couldn't breathe right through your nose, and you were still cold. You raised your head, looking around the room. Crowley turned his head to look at you. "How are you, love?" "I am fi-", you interrupted yourself by coughing. Your body curled in on itself as you coughed violently. Crowleys hand rubbed soothing circles on your back. "The truth, love", he murmured. "I... don't know how I feel. It... pains me to breathe. I feel my heartbeat pulsing in my head." He nodded, and then pulled you up so you were in a sitting position. A second later Castiel appeared in the room. He send a glare in Crowleys direction before kneeling down in front of you. He gently laid his fingers onto your forehead, and you felt his grace reaching out to you. Pain erupted behind your eyes when it finally reached you. It was like our body fought the foreign power with all it had. The pain grew stronger by the second, and soon you couldn't hold back your screams anymore. Castiel pulled back, startled. You felt worse now.

"I.. don't understand", Castiel stammered. You were shaking in the aftermaths of the pain. Dean and Sam burst through the door, guns drawn and