a child (Raphael, stern and controlling)

/disobedience (Zachariah, pretentious little twat who hasn’t yet learned how to speak to an archangel)

/I don’t understand what’s happening, Lucifer, why are you goingplease don’t go (his newest brother, little Castiel, who doesn’t understand but sees more than any of the others) –

(and he especially doesn’t notice the noticeable lack of one voice, the one for whom he’d do anything).

It takes him what feels like a while (but no one’s measuring, so he supposes it might have been a half-instant or an eternity) to realise that this is the first time an angel has left Heaven without their Father’s permission.

 

~

 

The desert is calm; it burns as strongly in the day as it chills at night.  Not that he would know, if not for the human body he’s somehow managed to squeeze his being into.  The vessel (soul now long long gone, quashed easily by the overwhelming force of Lucifer’s Grace) feels the weather, and so Lucifer does too, in a distant, second-hand sort of way.

Part of him wants to go home; keeping himself in this form takes effort in a way he didn’t think it would, and though Lucifer is fairly sure his real vessel would be slightly more accommodating, as far as he can tell the human won’t be around for several millennia at best.

I’m a good son.

He doesn’t go back.

 

~

 

He’s not sure how long he’s been there when Raphael shows, elegant features of the young, pregnant woman he’s taken twisted in annoyance.

“Have you finished sulking yet?” his brother asks brusquely.  “Come home.”

Lucifer ignores him.

 

~

 

The next time, it’s Gabriel; slender and androgynous with dancing vivid green eyes, and looking altogether eerily true to himself.  “Bred this one especially,” Gabriel says with a shrug, obviously reading the flicker of surprise across Lucifer’s grace.  “I’ve got a couple of years to serve down here, I plan to look good doing it.”

Lucifer smiles, but he doesn’t reply. 

Perhaps he doesn’t know how to speak anymore; he wouldn’t know, because he hasn’t spoken in a few millennia.  Of course, he can still feel the Host, humming in his head as a soothing background soundtrack to his thoughts.

“Anyway,” Gabriel yawns ostentatiously, “you’d better come home with me when I’m done; Raphael doesn’t appreciate any of my jokes, all the littlies are too scared to do anything but laugh when they think I want them to, and Michael’s been a bloody nightmare-“

He doesn’t flinch at the mention of Michael’s name but Gabriel notices anyway.  The humour fades from his eyes.

“Come home, Lucifer,” he says quietly.  “He misses you.  We all miss you.”

I’m a good son.

Not till Michael asks me himself.

It isn’t till Gabriel grits out a “Fine” and vanishes that Lucifer realises he thought that aloud.

 

~

 

It’s all messed up inside his mind, he realises sometime in the 4th millennium BCE.  He won’t go back till Michael asks him and he won’t go back till his Father wants him back (loves him/them more than a few hundred thousand primitive creatures) and Michael won’t ask him till he knows their Father wants him, and his Father won’t want him till he wants humanity.

(Which will never happen because they’re stealing their Father away from him and Michael and his Father is stealing Michael away from him.)

If there’s one question that his absence has answered for him; it’s which one hurts the most.

(No contest.)

It’s all messed up, and it’s so perfectly clear.

 

~

 

He doesn’t suppose anyone would believe him if he told the truth, and so millennia later when he’s finally released, he doesn’t.

But the truth, the real solid truth, is that he creates the first demon because he’s lonely.

(And Michael hasn’t come to find him yet, and the desert can only be interesting for ten thousand years.)

Truth be told, Lucifer doesn’t create Lilith; he amplifies her into something more as her soul makes to leave her body, battered and bruised from the stones still littering the ground where she was raped, again and again.

Filth, he thinks, and she agrees.

Destroy them all.

When Alastiel falls, Lucifer hands him back his grace, still covered in the remnants of the rock it buried itself into.

“We’re going to fix it,” he promises, watching the once-white wings heal sluggishly into a dirty brown-black.  “We’re going to fix everything, and we’re going to destroy them.”

Alastiel smiles wearily, and when