In that moment, she looks and sounds like a tired parent, a tired mother struggling with her kids.

“I thought the angels didn’t have free will?” questions Sam.

God eyeballs him. “Of course they have free will. They are not automatons. Without free will, how would Lucifer have fallen? How would the one you know as Anna make the decision to tear her grace out? How could Castiel chose to help you? In the beginning, I strongly limited that will, but it was there. It is growing stronger as it is exercised.”

“So you don’t make the angels obey you?” asks Sam.

“I did. For a long time I did. But forcing blind obedience is not… it is not what I wish. It was not, is not good for them. Nor for me.”

Castiel frowns. “But the archangels say….revelations… if we disobey…”

“I have left the archangels to their own devices and in the tradition of older siblings everywhere, they have taken that to mean that they are in charge and their word is law. I do not endorse it nor condone it.”

“Then stop it,” Dean blurts. “If you know what they are doing is wrong, why don’t you stop it?”

“Right and wrong are constructs that I have given you, but they have no meaning outside this realm.”

“Huh?” He’s making some brilliant arguments here, Dean thinks. What with the jaw dropping and unintelligent syllables. “They let Lucifer out!”

“Lucifer was free to come out anytime he wished. He seemed to think he needed to be released, that my banishment was a prison, but he could come out when he was ready. As soon as he was willing to admit the error of his ways.”

“You sent the devil to his room until he apologized?”

She seemed to weigh that statement and nodded. “It is a crude analogy but yes, fairly accurate. And despite humanity’s literature, he is not the root of all evil. He’s so young. So spirited.” She rolls her eyes. “He’s a handful that one. Always pushing buttons.”

If Sam didn’t know they were talking about Lucifer he would think she was just another mother at Wal-mart discussing her misbehaving toddler.

“What about the Bible?” Sam frowns.

“It can be… difficult to find the words, no matter what the language, to convey my meaning while remaining within the rudimentary structure I have given you for your brains. And of course, I may inspire someone to write my words down, but in the end, they have the free will to interpret that as they wish. Many of my texts were banned from the Bible ages ago and are still lost. I hope they may be found someday.” She pauses for a moment. “You’re basically getting half the story, and the half you’re getting has been filtered through patriarchal, timid minds and is ninety percent bullshit. Sucks, I know.”

Dean and Sam just stare at her with their mouths open. She gives them a sympathetic head tilt. “It’s a perfect example of why it’s so difficult for me to be involved and why I try not to do it.”

“Did you restore me to life?” Castiel blurts out.

“I did.”

“Uh, why?” asks Sam. “I mean, if you don’t get involved, that’s… involvement.”

She smiles wryly and looks off in the distance. “It is very… hard not to get involved. I try to remain distant. If I willingly answer the prayers of one, then I must answer the prayers of all. I love my children, angel and human equally. Despite their faults, or perhaps because of them. But sometimes, when I’m… distracted, in a moment of blind intent, I may interfere.” She looks back at Castiel. “The humans call such moments miracles.”

“Are you saying that miracles are your fuck ups?” Both Sam and Castiel cringe at Dean’s words.

“Oh, Dean,” she says lovingly. “I do love how you are able to distill concepts to their base in an instant. Yes, miracles are my greatest mistakes. I should not interfere, and yet I can’t help myself at times. Although they are incomprehensible and untranslatable to you, I do have my own feelings. In order not to overly burden my children, I gave the angels the smallest fraction of my feelings that I could. As it turns out, very little emotion is nearly as bad as too much. So, to humans I gave a fraction more. All that you have felt, all that you continue to feel, all that you will feel, is a small fragment; the smallest fragment I could divide of myself that I believed you would be able to handle.” She looks over to Castiel again, and to his surprise, she reaches out and places her cool fingertips over his hand. “Some of my angels are