, we watch Mary Poppins, and then go kite-flying.”  Sam grabbed a pad of paper and started making a list.

 

Claire rolled her eyes when Castiel told her the plan over a lunch of Dean’s hamburgers.  “You know that’s a kid’s movie, right?  I’m not a kid.”

“No.  But Sam and I have never seen it, so we’d be missing the context for kite-flying.  How long has it been since you last saw it?”

“The summer before you showed up.”  Claire caught an onion that slid off her burger.  “It’s… Cas, you don’t owe me or anything.  Not getting to fly a kite with my dad is hardly up there with all the other crap I missed out on as a kid.  I know a lot of people who’ve never flown a kite.”

“Perhaps.”  Castiel shot a worried look at Sam.

Sam smiled at Claire.  “I never flew a kite.  I never saw Mary Poppins.  I missed out on a lot of childhood crap, too.  Cas and I could do this without you, but this is one thing you actually get, so you can help us understand.”

“I can try.”  Claire looked over to Dean.  “You coming too?”

Dean shrugged.  “May as well.  I don’t get this stuff either, and I really don’t care, but this is about family, not about some dumb kids’ movie.”

“It’s not dumb!  It’s…” Claire cut off and chuckled.  “Fine.  Okay.  Maybe I am a little excited about this.  Although you two of all people really don’t need the main lesson of the movie.”

“What’s the lesson?” Dean asked through a mouthful of burger.

“No matter how important everything else in your life is, family always comes first.”

“No.  Sam and Dean have never needed to be told that.”

 

“Why are there dancing penguins?” Dean asked.  “Dancing.  Penguins.”

Claire swatted his arm.  “Just shut up, it’s cute.  And they’re waiters at a fancy restaurant, so they need to be wearing tuxes, and penguins come with their own.”

Sam stared at the screen in confusion, one arm around Cas.  “How did his pants do that?”

“You guys suck.  Because it’s magic and imagination and shut up and watch the movie!”  Claire shook her head.  “You must be so much fun to watch Batman or Star Wars with.”  She pointed at Castiel.  “Don’t you even start.  I don’t even want to hear your ridiculous theories about Mary Poppins being an angel sent to remind the Banks family what’s important or Bert being a representation of the divine or the penguins being minions of Satan or whatever it is you’re going to come out with.”

Castiel rolled his eyes.  “Dean has forbidden me from offering opinions when I watch movies with him.  One of these days he might be able to watch Princess Bride again after I ‘ruined’ it for him.”

“One of these days.  For Charlie,” Dean grumbled.  He tossed a handful of popcorn at Cas and Sam.  “When I can look at Sam and not think Buttercup.”

Claire giggled.  “Sam?  There something you want to tell me?”

“That’s… um…”  Sam glared at Dean as he picked popcorn out of his hair.

“When Dean and I watched the movie, I commented that Buttercup reminded me a great deal of Sam.  Her kindness, her ability to love someone as strongly as she loved Westley despite everything she suffered…”

“Her pretty hair…” Dean broke in with a huge grin.

Sam rolled his eyes.  “What Dean usually leaves out of this story is that Cas compared him to Westley.  His devotion and ability to overcome even death to protect the person he loves.”

“Yeah, well.  That’s just dumb.  If you’re Buttercup, I can’t be Westley.  And I needed help to come back from death.  Cas is a much better Westley.”

“And that’s how Cas and I ended up getting together,” Sam finished.  “I walked in, heard them fighting over who should be my Westley, and Dean suggested that Cas kiss me to see if it would be as passionate and pure as the one at the end of the movie.”

“Oh my god.  I don’t want to hear any more of this!”  Claire dissolved in giggles.

 

When the credits started rolling, Castiel disappeared to get the kites he and Sam had made.  They all headed outside, where Sam showed them how to get the kites up into the air.  “Watch out for kite-eating trees.”

“Trees don’t eat…”

Sam kissed Cas’s cheek.  “It’s a comic strip.  Peanuts.  Charlie Brown would go out and try to fly a kite, and every single time, it would get stuck in a tree.”

“Oh.  Why did he continue to