nature or fate, or some microscopic germ I will never understand.”

She dragged the blanket from his shivering skin. “You appear particularly robust, but nevertheless can be felled by a simple drop in temperature. If our bond had not ensured your longevity, I would feel compelled to hunt down that wizened old crone that calls herself Fate and threaten to tear her spine out through her nose if the hag did not willingly cede control of your lifeline to me.”

John laughed, grinning at her teasingly. “Awww, I knew ya loved me.” He shakily stepped into the water with a soft hiss of discomfort. As he settled into the warm bath, he grabbed her hand, tugging on it playfully. “You comin’ in? Make sure I’m warm enough?”

“To make sure you do not drown,” Illyria replied, her blood-dark armor melting from her lithe frame as she stepped into the tub and slid in behind him.

John leaned back against her chest with a contented sigh, draping his arms along her legs like he was resting in an easy chair. “You know,” he said, his voice rumbling contentedly deep in his chest as the warmth of the water seeped into his aching muscles, “the one thing I miss about Hell – and I never thought I’d miss anything - is the climate. I haven’t been properly warm since we left.”

“You will not find temperatures similar to those environs anywhere on any planet that is livable,” Illyria agreed. “Unless you wish to reside in the middle of a volcano.” She tilted her head to the side, considering. “I would not recommend it.”

“El Azizia came close.” John gave another sigh of satisfaction, wriggling his back against her as he made himself more comfortable in the water, sliding his arms around her legs and absently rubbing his hands along her shins. “This is a sort of vacation for us. No hunting possible for over a year; we’ll be able to just kick back and relax.”

“However will you manage?” Illyria asked, amusement coloring her tone. “You go a few days without hunting something and you turn into an unpleasant pain in my backside.”

“Ass, Illyria,” John replied dryly. “It’s ass and thank you so very much.”

“You are welcome. It shows personal growth that you have learned to accept your flaws,” Illyria replied, her intonation suggesting she might be laughing at him on the inside. She idly wiped a cloth over his lightly furred chest with one hand, surreptitiously checking for frostbite or nerve damage by running her fingers over his extremities with the other.

John began to fidget more restlessly at the feel of her wandering hands, her ministrations managing to wake him up in every respect. “You’d make a good nurse,” he commented huskily, grabbing one of her hands as it wandered over his belly and guiding it lower to brush over his swollen dick bobbing beneath the water.

“I see that your circulation has improved since your last detailed report on the status of your equipment,” Illyria said, softly mocking. “And I am not shifting into costume while bathing,” she told him as she gripped him firmly in her hand. “It is too constricting, as I have told you before.”

John groaned softly at her touch, unable to formulate a response to her teasing tone. Instead, he turned to nuzzle at the column of her throat, rubbing the rough bristles of his unshaven skin against the soft spot under her ear as she stroked him, running her fingers expertly over the ridge along the head.

Decades upon decades of practice had made Illyria an absolute savant when it came to John’s penis, granting her the skill to draw out his release or speed it up as the situation demanded. This situation demanded that he rest soon to regain his strength, so with a quick twist of her wrist he came, his body tightening against hers as pleasure sapped what little energy he had reserved.

John knew that Illyria reveled in this tiny power that she had over him – of course, it wasn’t opening portals to various dimensions or altering time, but it satisfied her need for control in a universe that had stripped her of nearly everything else. It was a gentle conquering, a pillaging of the senses, an erotic plundering of nerves and flesh and sensations.

John had once told her it might be love, but having never had the capacity or motivation to investigate the concept before, she had to take his word on the matter. Sometimes, a glimmer that she might understand what he meant peeked through the cold blue of her gaze. She would mention to him her disappointment in this human defect that plagued her in this shell, and John would laugh in that deep, slow way and cup her face in his hands, kissing her softly on the temple or the corner of her mouth, disturbing her equanimity. She would stoically tell him that this was a serious matter and he should show appropriate commiseration; John would school his features to something properly solemn and offer to rend his garments and to cut his hair to show his grief over