His first fiancé, Isabella, had run off for reasons no one had ever explained.  Nobody thought very highly of Jean-Jacques, not in the Crispinos’ area.

They didn’t stay in Sara’s room long.  Years ago, Michele had discovered a locked room above Sara’s in the tower that he could just hoist himself up to with a good jump, and he rigged up a rope ladder that would allow Sara to climb up to it as well.  They shared the room with bats, although the bats would be gone in the hour just after sunset.  They couldn’t get a bed up there, but they’d gotten a large hammock that they could tie between the wooden support beams.

They curled up together in the hammock now.  Sara curled into Michele’s arms and let the tears flow.  “If I just stay up here forever, do you think you could smuggle me enough food, Mickey?”

Michele stroked his sister’s hair.  He wished so hard that it would be practical.  “I can try, Sara, but eventually Mamma and Pappa would notice and find you.  If you want me to protect you from them, you know I will.”

“I know.”  Sara sniffled and wiped her eyes.  “Eventually I’d get so sick of being caged I’d resent it, and resent you, too, probably.  I can’t bear the thought of coming to hate you.  Even marrying Jean-Jacques is better than hating you.”

Michele didn’t bother trying to hide the shudder.  The idea of Sara hating him hurt worse than the thought of losing her.

 

They spent the night together in the hammock, holding on to each other.  In the morning, they snuck back down to Sara’s room, Michele over to his own to get cleaned up and changed and ready to face their parents.  To their surprise, Jean-Jacques was there already.  This, they had not expected, and Sara shuffled a little closer to Michele.

“Sara!  Michele!  There you are!”  Jean-Jacques approached them and bowed deeply.  “Your parents were worried!”

Michele bowed back, gritting his teeth.  Sara curtsied.  “I’m sorry, Mamma, Pappa.  I didn’t know to expect Jean-Jacques here so soon.”

“No, we didn’t get the chance to tell you.  Now that you know he’s here, why don’t you go back to your room and pack your things?  I’m sure Jean-Jacques is eager to get underway soon.  You too, Michele, sweetheart.”

“Me too?”  Michele exchanged a glance with Sara.  “I’m to go with her?”

“You didn’t think we’d send Sara alone, did you, silly boy?”

Jean-Jacques boomed out a laugh.  “Especially after the reason Isabella left!  She was lonely, missed her people, so I let her go.  No one ever believes that it was simple homesickness, or that I let her leave, but that really is all there was to it.  I’m hoping that with you coming too, Sara will miss home enough less to not wish to leave me.”

 

They left the next day.  Jean-Jacques had a carriage for the three of them.  Michele and Sara sat close together, across from Jean-Jacques.  “Now I’m sure you don’t believe the pretty lies I told your parents, do you.”

Michele squeezed Sara’s hands.  “No.  I think we deserve the truth, don’t you?”

“Likely.  Isabella ran off because she caught me cheating on her.  Oddly enough, she ran off with the man I was sleeping with, but that’s beside the point.  Even more oddly, she settled into a relationship with him and his new boyfriend, last I heard…”

Michele cleared his throat.  “Are we here to talk about Isabella, or are you going to tell us what your pretty lies really mean for the two of us?”

“Oh, right!  Well.  A man of my position needs to have a respectable wife, preferably beautiful, and lovely Sara here fits the bill, does she not?  But you see, my interests skew far more toward men.  So when I heard about the two of you, it seemed perfect.”

Michele and Sara looked at each other.  Michele had no idea what to say to that.  Jean-Jacques was marrying Sara, but it sounded like it was Michele who would be expected to share his bed.  He’d been so focused on Sara he never even stopped to consider whether he was interested in men, so he didn’t understand how he and Sara supposed to be perfect.  “Explain.”

“Well, everyone says the two of you are close.  Much closer than most siblings.  Michele, you’ll have your pick of my sisters for a wife, if you want one, but there’s no obligation.”

“What exactly does that mean, we’re close?” Sara asked, pulling her hands away from