clicks shut, they are all over each other.

“I need you. Now.” Dorrek hisses, sliding into his native tongue.

Noh-Varr is already on his knees and unbuckling Dorrek's belt because in this, as everything, he always knows what Dorrek needs before Dorrek himself does. “Then have me, my Emperor.” And he deep throats him in one swift movement.

“Sweet Empress, your mouth.”

Noh-Varr hums around him, his throat muscles vibrating and massaging and it's just fucking amazing. Not that his mouth isn't always good, or that Noh-Varr doesn't always give a good blow job, but when he is aroused like this, it is always so much better. Noh-Varr's throat just – changes or something. He doesn't really understand Kree biology as well as he should, but the humming involved in the mating dance actually changes the way Noh-Varr's throat works. It gets tighter, produces more saliva, and he gets very vocal. He hums and purrs and groans around Dorrek's dick and it's amazing.

Noh-Varr keeps Dorrek hovering on the edge of completion long past the point that Dorrek would have had to stop himself due to an aching jaw and sore knees, yet Noh-Varr shows no discomfort and all pleasure. Whether it is true or not, Noh-Varr always makes him feel like the Kree exists solely to please him, his every action tailored to Dorrek's pleasure. Finally, finally, Noh-Varr swallows him deeply, purposefully massaging his cock deep in his throat and Dorrek comes with a short, sharp grunt and a gasp of pleasure, and Noh-Varr takes it like he always does.

Once Dorrek is finished, Noh-Varr licks the remains of the mess from Dorrek's soft cock and turns his head into Dorrek's thigh, panting softly. Dorrek doesn't have to look to see that Noh-Varr still hasn't come. He won't, until Dorrek says he can. He'd once tested Noh-Varr's control over his body, and had fucked him for an entire month without allowing the Kree release, until he'd been unable to continue the experiment further. Noh-Varr probably could have continued, but morally, Dorrek hadn't been able to. Since then, he's always made sure to allow Noh-Varr his pleasure, knowing he won't take it without permission. It's still fun to make him wait though, and this is hardly the last time they'll fuck that evening.

“Good boy,” he says softly, and pats Noh-Varr's head. His servant grins, taking great pride in a job well done.

All of the candles in the room and the fireplace burst into life, flames leaping out from nothing. Dorrek starts, and turns to look at the fireplace and sees William sitting there, on the arm of a huge stuffed chair. He's clapping, his eyes bright, his grin lewd and feral. Thomas is sitting in the chair, one arm around William's thigh, his head propped in William's lap. William's hand in his hair is a clear sign of ownership. Dorrek is stunned. William doesn't look at all like the delicate flower from before. His eyes reflect starlight and Dorrek wonders how he ever mistook the raw power for submission.

Noh-Varr isn't flustered at all. Dorrek wonders if he knew they were there; Noh-Varr's sense of smell and sight are better than his own, though Dorrek is by far the stronger of the two. He calmly does Dorrek's pants up, buckles his belt, and then turns towards the princes before slowly wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, his eyes lidded, his every movement screaming that he's ready to be used again. He doesn't get up, just lays his head back between Dorrek's legs where he can breathe in the scent of him and still watch the twins.

“Your servant is fascinating, Dorrek-Vell. Wherever did you get him?”

Dorrek swallows. He wanted to catch their attention, and now that he has, he's not quite sure what to do. He thinks he would rather face battle than risk displeasing the man staring regally across the room at him.

“Noh-Varr was given to me, when we were both young. He has been mine ever since.”

“My brother and I find you both – intriguing, which is why I had Victor bring you here.”

“My mother hoped that we would catch your eye.”

“And you have, Dorrek. Will you join us in our bed?”

Noh-Varr's hand tightens around Dorrek's thigh. Apparently he finds that idea just as compelling as Dorrek does.

“Yes. Yes, we'd like that.”

Noh-Varr gets to his feet, and follows Dorrek and the twins into their bedroom. Their bed is indecently large. How they ever