to Tommy's bedroom in a haze of lips and tongue and teeth, with Noh-Varr moaning and groaning and whining as loudly as possible. He didn't really get a look at the room, because Tommy practically flung him down on the bed, and climbed up on top of him, straddling his hips.

“Finally.”

Tommy nuzzled his neck, and then Noh-Varr felt a sharp, piercing pain. “What – what are you doing?”

“Don't worry about it,” Tommy said, his voice filled with lust. Noh-Varr could feel blood sliding down his neck, and tried hard not to panic. He had said he'd do anything, he just really hadn't pegged Tommy as a bloodplay guy.

Tommy started lapping at the blood, making little grunts of pleasure. Noh-Varr could feel Tommy's erection pressed up against his hip as Tommy made slow thrusts against him. He felt dizzy. How badly had Tommy bitten him anyway?

He tried to move, but Tommy was a lot stronger than he looked – strong enough to keep Noh-Varr down, even with his Kree abilities that usually allowed him to fuck humans without fear. The wound in his neck throbbed with not-quite-pain, and Tommy was panting in pleasure, licking along his neck in slow, erotic strokes, making sure not to lose a single drop of blood. Fuck, he was going to pass out. Tommy's lips pressed against the wound, and he gave a powerful suck, and Noh-Varr could actually feel the blood leaving his body. He gave a little whimper, and everything went black.

xxx

 

He woke up, still in Tommy's bed, but now sticky with sweat and achy and with a pounding headache. His ass wasn't sore, so nothing had happened there after he'd passed out, but his neck was throbbing in time with his migraine. Tommy was lying next to him, his head on Noh-Varr's chest, apparently listening to him breathe.

“What the hell?”

Tommy looked up at him and grinned again, this time showing off enormous canines that glittered in the candlelight that was flickering on the bedside table. How the hell had he missed those before? He'd faced vampires before, in other dimensions, but he hadn't known that they were a power that was still alive and thriving on Earth. Or that Thomas Maximoff, of the Maximoffs, who were reportedly richer than god, was one.

“How are you feeling?” The vampire asked him.

“Tired. Dizzy.”

“I got you some water. You should probably get up and eat something, too. I didn't realize how dehydrated you were. Sorry.” He almost sounded sheepish.

“...so you're not going to kill me, then?”

“No! Why would I do that?”

Noh-Varr just stared at him.

“Ugh. Seriously, that would be an enormous waste. I could say it's because I don't want to kill anyone, and yeah, I suppose that's part of it. I mean, I wouldn’t have wanted to kill anyone when I was alive. Now it doesn't really bother me much, except that Billy freaks out, and it's a serious pain in the ass to get rid of the bodies. But besides all that, why feed off someone once and then kill them when you can keep them alive? That's just basic.”

“...you're strange.”

Tommy just kept smiling, and handed him a large glass of water. Noh-Varr drank it down and laid back down on the bed. Tommy was kissing him again, up and down Noh-Varr's naked chest. Noh-Varr didn't even know when he'd lost his shirt, but honestly, what was he supposed to say? He hadn't even been fucked yet, so he still had money to earn. So what if his client was a vampire? He'd been hurt before, degraded, beaten, and humiliated by normal humans. Tommy hadn't been cruel; he'd drunk Noh-Varr's blood, but he was almost...gentle. If he was still going to pay him, and wasn't going to kill him, Noh-Varr couldn't really complain.

“So...now what?” Noh-Varr asked, warily.

“Now you come down to the kitchen with me and get a snack. I drank about a pint of your blood, which isn't enough to really hurt you, but it is enough to make you tired and dizzy. You'll feel better if you eat something.”

Noh-Varr propped himself up on one arm. “And after that?”

“Well. I did bring you home to have sex with. So we could come back to bed and see what happens.” He kept grinning, straight through the cheesy lines. Noh-Varr wondered if Tommy knew how to do anything but grin.

“I'm still