memories back to you, if you want.




 ...can choose?




 Yes.




 Can...say no?




 If you want to. I'm not here to force you to do anything.


 Still cage.  The asset said grumpily, pushing against the wall it couldn't see.


You know what would happen if I let you out.


Finish the mission. The thought was unbidden, and the asset pushed it away with a snarl. It didn't want to do that. It had a choice, Acelain had said so.


 No...should...stay here. Until. Until not asset.



 You'd like to not be an asset any more?




 Not want! Am. Just. Just am.



 The asset stood and turned away. It didn't want to do this any more.


Are you done for today?


 The asset still didn't dare actually say anything, regardless of what Acelain had said about choices. So it didn't respond, instead, and walked over to its bed and laid down, facing away from them.


Alright. I'll leave you alone for a few days. Would it be okay if Steve visited you later?


What happened to you? I joined the army. Whispers of memory, and a sharp longing.


 Yes.


Comments really help me keep going!  <3 <3 <3

Warnings: This chapter Bucky recalls his former self.  There's panic attacks and warnings for Hydra, language of course, and well, most everything that's in the tags.  But we're at the cusp of things improving!!

There's a Darcy cameo here.  I love her.  :3


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

“Bucky!”


 “Hang on!”



 “Grab my hand!”



 “

No!!

”


 “Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!” The swift feeling of vertigo, wind biting into him, the terror of knowing he was going to die, and then the landing; pain everywhere. And then cold, so, so cold, it would never leave him. And then nothing, delirium. Until he was found.

 At first – hope. He'd been found. Of course Steve would look for him, he never should have doubted it. And then despair, when he saw the uniform. It wasn't Steve.


 And then, only agony.


The asset woke with a jolt. He – he had a name. James Buchanan Barnes. Bucky. He was a person. He'd known that, or at least, been aware that his captors – Steve thought that. But he hadn't really known he was a person. It hadn't connected with him until now.

Steve was alive now. That had been the worst thing, the thing that had absolutely shattered him during his captivity. Steve had died. He'd been shown the news articles. He'd been forced to listen the memorial broadcast over and over. Steve had died, and he was alone.

But Steve hadn't died, or aged, and he was here, he was alive. And Bucky had almost killed him. Just the thought of it ate at him, twisted his stomach with nausea even though he hardly ever got sick. He just wanted to curl up and die. He'd almost killed Steve.

There wasn't a reprieve to digest this revelation or try to deal with the guilt. Today was a therapy day, and Acelain appeared, as they always did, right on time. The glass slid away, Acelain sat down in the lotus pose, and waited for Bucky to acknowledge them.

Bucky wasn't sure he wanted to. It was easier just to lay here and stare at the wall.

But Acelain was a telepath, and avoiding them didn't really work, because after enough time had passed, there was the familiar voice in his head,


Do you feel like talking today?


He wanted to say no. He wanted to say no so desperately, but instead what he said was, “Do you think I could take a shower? Or a bath. Yeah. Not a shower.”


You've recovered a sense of self, then.


“I'm not better, if that's what you're implying.”


No, I didn't think so. Especially since you're refusing to talk mind to mind with me. That implies you don't actually want to share what you're thinking.


He didn't. “You said I could say no.”


You can. Let me see about bathing arrangements. And perhaps fresh clothing?


Bucky was abruptly aware of how badly he stank, and how stiff the clothing he wore was. He had no idea how much time he'd lost between when he'd recognized Steve on the bridge and now. Since he'd shot him and now.

“Yes. Please.”

And he wasn't better, because even that simple act of asking for something made his whole body cringe, expecting to be beaten. He had gotten his sense of self back, but that didn't make