. You don't think they went AWOL too, do you?”

“Wufei would never.” Heero dismissed the idea.

“Do you want to give him a call? The line will be secure. And even if it isn't, ours is.”

“If Duo can write a sixteen layer shifting algorithm encryption and not use a secure line, I'm not going to be friends with him any more.”

Trowa smiled, and pulled out his slim, black, untraceable phone. Heero had completely re-wired the electronics for everyone in the circus, ensuring lower energy draws, lower payments, and completely secure conversation. Trowa and Heero weren't the only fugitives in the circus.

Heero took it and activated the scrambling sequence before typing in the number on the screen. It rang twice before it was picked up by a familiar voice.

“Shinigami speaking.”

“This is Wing. Tell me, Shinigami, How are the beaches on L2 at this time of year?”

Trowa could practically see the smile on Duo's face. “Give me a minute to double check my security Wing, and then maybe I can see that ugly mug of yours?”

There were some rustling sounds, a curse, and then the hum of more electronics starting up. Then their phone blinked with the request to establish a video connection. Heero set the phone down on their coffee table, enabled the speakers, and opened the connection. The phone emitted a holographic projection that put Duo's face at their eye level. Their old friend looked good – a little broader in the shoulders, a little tired, with a day's worth of stubble on his face, but overall, good. Being in a relationship apparently agreed with him.

“Fuck guys, it's good to see you.” Duo grinned broadly. “And Tro is there. I wasn't sure. I couldn't dig too deep – didn't wanna leave a trail for anyone to follow.”

“So you are looking for him in an unofficial capacity.” Trowa confirmed, his hand tightening protectively on Heero shoulder.

“I wouldn't rat you guys out!” Duo seemed genuinely hurt. “I'm only finishing my contract cuz Fei wants me to. Six more months and we're out of here.”

A tired voice carried from somewhere in the background, “Duo, who are you screaming at? It's three in the morning.”

Duo turned, towards what was presumably their bedroom. “Heero and Trowa. Come and say hi, babe!”

An angry mutter was his only reply. Duo shrugged, and picked up his own phone, carrying it into their bedroom and putting it down in front of an irritable Chinese man. Wufei had grown his hair out, and was attempting to sleep with it unbound, so when he looked up at the phone it hung in his eyes. It was actually sort of adorable, if you could use that term for a deadly martial artist.

Wufei scowled into the phone and said, “So you're together then? About damn time.”

Heero colored in embarrassment, but came right back with, “What news did you have Duo? You know its risky to be in contact with us.”

“You haven't told them yet? What have you been talking about?” Wufei asked moodily.

“Go back to sleep babe. I'll go tell them, I promise.” Duo smoothed back his hair, and gave him a kiss before going back into the other room, shutting the bedroom door behind him quietly.

“Right.” Duo said, clearing his throat. “We're um. What I mean is um. Fei uh. Wufei proposed. To me. Um. We're getting married three weeks after our Preventers contract is up.”

Heero looked genuinely surprised. But then his face lit up with a smile that even Trowa rarely got to see. “I'm happy for you.”

Trowa knew that before they'd gotten together, Heero had had a serious crush on Duo. He hadn't known how to express it then, but he'd pursued Duo in his own way for years. Trowa was probably the only one who knew that Heero had gone into the soldier program to get away from Duo and Wufei's open, apparent happiness without him. Wufei hadn't stolen Duo – Duo had asked him out. And neither of them had recognized Heero's carefully buried feelings. The only reason Trowa had known was because he harbored similar secret feelings for Heero.

“We really want you and Trowa to be there.” Duo said softly.

Heero's face fell. “You know I can't, Duo.”

“Actually, that's something else I wanted to talk to you about.”

Trowa sat up, alert and wary. He tucked two fingers into Heero's collar to keep him from bolting, but he could feel Heero's muscles tense underneath him. He didn't want to have to pack up everything, leave his family and friends, and disappear, but he would. He would do