could be next to an invulnerable being, and Clark wouldn't do anything because at the very least that would be breaking his word and he'd never let Lex hold that over his head. And it was his bed, dammit.

 Clark was gone when Lex woke the next morning. Hardly surprising. It wasn't like he expected the alien to stay for breakfast, though there was the distinct possibility that he'd show up again when he got off work. Possibility became certainty when he saw that the ring was gone. That was a bit surprising - Clark never took it with him.

 All of the inconsistencies had Lex on edge all day. He thought of and discarded dozens of scenarios, including clones, androids, and brainwashing. Everything else was just too similar to not have been Clark, and an android wouldn't have reacted to the kryptonite. It was more like...like they were friends again. Lex didn't know how he felt about that. He didn't do stable relationships. All his girlfriends went crazy or tried to murder him. Though - that didn't immediately rule Clark out.

 No. They didn't have a relationship. They never would have one, and Lex needed to assassinate that thought before it could lodge itself in his brain. They did not have a relationship.

 Three months later, he was trying desperately to believe that. The only other alternative was that he was falling completely, irrevocably in love with Clark Kent, and if that wasn't an open invitation to get his heart ripped to shreds he didn't know what was.

 But they were talking now. Clark spent time with him without wearing his ring, which he now kept on a chain around his neck. They'd actually gone to the opera last week for Christ's sake. Clark had defended their relationship, to Lois. Kon-el was ecstatic. It was surreal. He'd even had an acquaintance of his casually check Clark for mental tampering, because this couldn't be happening. But it was, and Lex was actually enjoying it.

 Then, seven months, twenty three days and sixteen minutes after it began - not that Lex was counting - it ended. Lex got up early, like he always did, but Clark wasn't there. On the table next to his morning coffee was an open newspaper with a note stuck to it, and the ring. There was an article circled in red, and the note said, I know you're responsible for this. It's over, Lex. I can't do this any more.

 He'd been expecting this since the day he'd found Clark had taken his ring, but it still hurt. He took a few deep breaths, and slowly lowered his head to the table. Now what? Clark had rejected him and it hadn't even been - well. Clearly to Clark's black and white morality it was completely reprehensible. But he'd had those scientists killed for a reason, and he'd do it again, even knowing what he'd lose. What they had done to Match, what they had done to his son. They didn't deserve the luxury of prison. They had tortured and killed dozens of his children, and that, in turn, was what Lex had done to them. He only wished he'd kept evidence in a way that would allow Match to see it. Hopefully Harper would describe it to him, in detail. He'd made sure to have the story run on the Braille newspaper Match read.

 His arm itched with the desire to sweep paper and coffee off the table in his anger, but he resisted, if only to preserve his suit from the coffee stains he'd certainly get on it. So what if Clark had left him? He'd expected this; planned for it even. So he drank his coffee and went to his penthouse office, where he buried himself in his work, crushing several competitors, merging at least a dozen smaller companies with his own. Even after all that he didn't really feel any better, so he pulled up his private databases and looked over his less legal work.

 Since he'd started dating Clark seriously he hadn't really touched any of his more dubious projects—weapons manufacturing, less than legal medical experimentation, working with Kryptonite. Most of the work was sadly out of date, and he spent the day organizing and updating his files, while his anger and hurt built up in the back of his brain like a cesspit of negative feelings. At least one of the weapons he'd designed against Superman had promise; he'd learned a lot more about Clark after spending so much time with him. And now that they weren't together, using all that knowledge was fair game. While the thought of punishing Clark by laying off a few thousand people had a certain appeal – Clark couldn't stand it when his actions hurt others – Lex wanted more than that. He wanted violence and blood and above all, he