, home is my, and Holden’s, and D.B.’s rooms exactly as we left them the last time we were there, and my father’s papers spread out all over his office, and my mother sneaking a smoke alone in the kitchen, but always stubbing it out before anyone can catch her, so that if you look in the garbage you’ll see a dozen discarded cigarettes, none of them burned down more than halfway.

Holden’s supposed to pick me up today and we’re going to drive to the city together, and it’s pretty much what I’ve been looking forward to the most about the holidays.  All of my friends left this morning, or last night, because classes ended at noon yesterday, and right now things are pretty calm, after all the flurry of last minute packing and arrangements.

As much as I want to see Holden, though, waiting for him to get here is pretty good, too.  It’s nice to sit outside in the winter, as long as it isn’t too cold, and be happy that the sun is shining.  And there’s nothing sad about being all alone, with my little suitcase beside me, when I know that my brother’s on his way here, that we’ll be together soon.

Each time I hear a car approaching in the distance, I stand up and then have to sit back down again when I see it turn around the corner and it’s not the old Jaguar D.B. passed down to Holden.  I tease Holden all the time about driving that car, because he complained for years about how ridiculous and flashy it was, and who the hell did D.B. think he was going to impress by paying that much for it, and now it’s his.  I tease him, but I can’t call him a hypocrite, I mean, he wanted a car and D.B. gave it to him for free, who wouldn’t take it?  D.B. never bothered to name the jaguar figure on the hood, but the first thing Holden did when he inherited the car was ask me what we should call it.  I was reading “Great Expectations” at the time and suggested Estella.  I always give her a pat for good luck before I get in.

When he finally does arrive, I’m not even looking in the right direction.  My dorm mother’s walking out the front door, holding her baby boy in her arms, and I’m focused on the little blue pompom on top of his hat, and how his tiny fingers clutch at his mom’s breast, and listening to his ba-ba-ba babble.  And that’s when I hear, “Hey, sis.”

“Holden!”  I leap to my feet, honestly, I even knock over my suitcase, and run to him.

He hugs me tight, rocks me back and forth, and side to side, saying, “Little sis, little sis, you been taking good care of yourself, huh?”  He holds me at arm’s length.  “All in one piece, yeah?”  He looks down at my hands.  “I see ten fingers, that’s good.”  He puts his feet on either side of my own.  “You got ten toes down there underneath your boots?”

“Last time I counted.”

He cups his hands around my ears.  “Where’s your hat?  You could catch your death out here.”

“I’m not cold at all, I promise.”

“Alright.”  He steps forward and picks up my suitcase.  “This all ya got?”

“Yup.”  He puts my bag in the back seat and then holds the passenger door open for me.  “Thanks,” I say, patting Estella when I walk past her.  I slide into the car and he closes the door carefully and I watch him as he settles in to the driver’s seat.  When he pulls off his hat, I can see even more gray hair than last time.

“So,” he says, as we drive away from my dorm, “this place doesn’t look so bad.  Better than the dumps I went to.”

“Yeah, it’s pretty good.”  He slows down as we pass the graveyard where the founder of the school and his immediate family are buried.  It’s surrounded by a slowly crumbling waist high brick wall.  “I took some photographs there,” I tell him.

“Yeah, you wrote me about it, I remember.”  He jerks a thumb towards my bag.  “Did you bring some prints with you?  I wanna see them.”

“Yeah, I brought my portfolio.”

He grins.  “Oh, a portfolio, huh?  We’ve got an artist in the family.”

“I don’t know about that.  I just like it, you know?  I like how sometimes the picture comes out exactly how I thought it would and other times it’s different.  That’s what I like best