It’s not until round three that they even get all their clothes off and make it to the bed.  They haven’t said anything more to each other than harder, yeah, that’s so good, right there, come on, do it, fuck me, and as Jaden licks deeper inside Alex, she suddenly wants to hear more.  She slows the pace of her fingers stroking over Alex’s clit, reluctantly draws her mouth away from the hot slick of her pussy.  “Tell me how much you want this.”

“What?” Alex gasps, cracks open her eyes.  “Why- don’t stop,” she whines.  “I’m so close.”

“I know,” Jaden says, “so beg me for it.”

“Are you serious?”

“You know I am.”

“Whatever, it’s not like I can’t get myself off.”  Alex slides a hand down her body, but Jaden grabs her wrist, pins it to her side.  “Should have known I wouldn’t get out of this without you making me fight for it.”

“No, no fighting.”  Jaden leans down and flicks her tongue back and forth over the nub of Alex’s nipple until she’s whimpering.  “Just say it,” she says, makes her voice a little bit sweeter than sharp, tries to ask rather than demand.  “Come on, Alex, just say please, and I’ll finish you off so good, you know I will.”  She doesn’t look up, knows it’ll be easier for Alex to give in if she isn’t being watched.

“Please.”  It’s just a wisp of a whisper.

“What was that?  Didn’t quiet hear you.”  Jaden can’t help smirking.

“Please, Jaden, please.”

This time the words sends a shiver up Jaden’s spine.  She pushes her fingers deep inside Alex, sucks at her clit until she comes.

“That was,” Alex sighs after she’s caught her breath again, “really nice.”

“I’ve had better,” Jaden says, rolling over on her back, but she makes sure Alex catches her wink.  She feels wrung out, satisfied, but also a little bit sad, like something’s missing.  “Dude, if Thom could have watched this?  Jerk-off material for the rest of his life!”  Jaden snickers until she notices Alex’s wet eyes.  “Sorry,” she says, tracing Alex’s collarbone with her index finger.  “It’s bad for me, too, still, but it’s easier, somehow, if I can talk like it’s not, like I’m over it.  It’s just how I deal, you know?”

“No, it’s ok, I get it.  You’re probably right.  It’s just, when I think about him, there’s so many things I wish were different.  So many things that went wrong.”

“Hey,” Jaden says, knocking her fist up underneath Alex’s jaw, a pretend punch, “take it easy.”

“Yeah.”  Alex slides out of bed and collects her dress from the floor.  “I should probably go.”

“No kidding,” says Jaden.  She knows if Alex stays, one or both of them may end up wanting more and that would be a problem in a way a one-time fuck and run is not.  Sexual contact between agents is not forbidden but it’s discouraged, and only an idiot would let the higher ups in Division get any kind of emotional leverage, like a relationship, over them, anyway.  She turns over on her side, watches Alex shimmy into her clothes.  “You looked really hot tonight.”

“So did you.”

“I always look hot.”

Alex grins so pretty that Jaden wishes things were different, too.  “Yeah, you do.”

 

“Nikita.”

“Alex?” Nikita murmurs, recognizing her by voice before she’s even opened her eyes.

“Yeah, it’s me.”  Alex sits down on the side of the bed, facing Nikita, reaches out a hand to brush silky hair away from her face.

Nikita jerks at the touch and sits up, puts her own hands on Alex’s shoulders, staring into her eyes.  “What’s happened?  Are you hurt?”

“No, I’m ok.  It was just, it was a really bad night and I needed-”  Alex swallows, drops her eyes.  “I wanted to see you.”

Nikita takes Alex’s hand into her own.  “You’re freezing,” she says, and pulls Alex in, so that their torsos press together.  Alex leans her head on Nikita’s shoulder, closes her eyes and breathes in her familiar scent.  “What happened?  Tell me.”

“I was on assignment.  I had to - the target wasn’t giving up the information Division needed.  We were at her place and her little six year old boy was in the other room.