the same charge he always does when they stare at each other.  This is part of what links them together, whether they admit it to each other, or themselves, or not, looking at each other, sharing these long moments of wanting and waiting.  And Sam wonders what Dean would admit in return if Sam could just bring himself to say, “Every time I jerk off, I think about you.  Even if I’m fucking someone else I imagine you’re there, in the room with us, right behind me.”  Instead, he gets up and crosses the room to the ratty sofa and turns on the tv with the remote.  The last person who stayed here left it on ESPN.  “Kansas is on,” he tells Dean.

“Yeah?” Dean perks up immediately.  He gets up from the bed and sits down on the other end of the couch, as far away from Sam as he can get.  “Few minutes left in the first,” Dean says.  “We should get pizza, beer, during halftime.”

“Yeah,” Sam says, knowing he’s just been volunteered for the job, because Dean will want to stay here and watch the recap of the first half before the second begins.  “I guess you’re feeling better, huh?”    

Dean shrugs.  “Nap always helps, yeah.”  

“And what about those hand-delivered electrolytes?”    

Dean snorts.  “You better hope I don’t pee in a bottle and give it to you the next time you feel shitty.”

 

Half an hour later, when Sam returns with the food and their six pack, he sits down on the middle cushion, closer to Dean than before, and puts everything on the table in front of them.  Dean keeps up a running commentary, even as he eats.  “Seriously?  He’s open in the corner!  Pass the fuckin ball!  Don’t go to the hoop, you’re double teamed!”

Sam smiles to himself.  “Don’t you usually complain that they rely too much on the three in college ball and they should drive the lane more?”

“So?”

“And now you’re telling him to pass for the three.”

“Dude.”  Dean snaps his fingers in Sam’s face.  “Think.  A bad shot is a bad shot, ok?  Chucking up a three when your defender’s got both hands in your face and you can’t get a good look?  Not a good option.  But ignoring a guy who’s wide open and shoots like, forty five percent from three, and instead getting rejected at the rim by an elite shot blocker?  Not cool, either.” 

 

Sam loses interest in the game after they eat.  He wants to enjoy it, he wishes he could, but how can he care about the outcome when he knows that, whatever it is, all the humans involved remain pawns or kibble or cannon fodder.  It matters so much to the players and the coaches and the crowds, but none of it would, probably, not if they knew that their lives aren’t really theirs, that demons and angels can step in and fuck with them at any time, kill them and bring them back to life like it’s nothing. 

Dean stays fixed on the game, but Sam ends up just staring into space, quiet, even a little bit happy, because eventually Dean shifts closer, and he’s aware of the heat of their thighs resting together.  Dean must still be really fucking tired, because he falls asleep again with five minutes left to play, even though the teams are trading the lead back and forth, and it’s not until the final buzzer that his eyes crack open again at the shrill sound.  “Did they win?” he mumbles, rubbing at the wet corner of his mouth.

“They won,” Sam knocks his knee against Dean’s.  He taps at the damp spot on Dean’s t-shirt, just below his collar, and smirks.  “You drooled on yourself.” 

Dean slaps his hand away and turns his attention back to the tv to focus on the highlights that are now showing on the screen.

Sam gets up and returns to his laptop and the research he left on it.  When he spares a glance at Dean, twenty minutes or so later, he’s asleep again.  Sam stands, crosses the room, and gently presses his heel down on the top of Dean’s foot, using only as much pressure as it takes to get Dean to stir.  “Hey,” Sam says, once he’s awake again.  “You should get in bed, Dean, you know your back feels better when you do.” He wonders if there’s anywhere he can touch Dean, anywhere Dean will let him rest a hand but Dean’s eyes give him no clues.  He’s shit at reading Dean these days, or Dean’s better at hiding, he doesn’t know, it’s probably both.  It’s probably both and that leaves him, more often than not, aware that he’s