There was nothing she could do.  She could be the perfect woman, offering perfect love, and still he would mock her, forsaking all that had been most dear in his prior incarnation.”  Her voice swells with passion, hurtling towards crescendo.  “Who was the true Hamlet?  Was he a man pretending to be sane or a man pretending to be mad?”

“A question for the audience, perhaps, but not for the actor.  A man can not say if he himself is sane or mad, not for sure.  The actor hates, he loves, as the script dictates.  The actor knows what the character feels, but no more than that.  What I must know, what I must be able to express, is how it feels.  Say that he’s sane, say that he’s mad, there’s really no difference.  He is who he is and no word, no name, can ever change that.  We are who we are.  Why do you stare so?”

She starts, drops her eyes down to her lap.  “Forgive me, Mister Kynaston.”

“I don’t ask for apology.  I simply wish to know why.”

Now she lifts her head and glares at him.  He glares back, never ceding the upper hand.  “You know why.  I doubt my gaze is different than anyone else’s.”

“Do I know?”  He slips into his stage voice, his woman’s voice, it happens sometimes, out of habit.  Acting.  Not acting.  What’s the difference?  His body can not tell, his heart can not tell.  “Tell me, dear friend, tell me why I should be such a fascination to you.  Does the freak still thrill you?”

“The freak?  I can not understand what you mean to say.”

“Not quite a man, not quite a woman, yes?  People love a freak, it’s true.”

“You can not seriously believe that is why people stare at you.  You are acknowledged to be the most beautiful woman on the English stage.”

He goes back to his man’s voice, by choice, but which is the real voice?  “Been talking to Pepys, have you?”

“He merely records what the people believe.”

“You believe it?”

“You are beautiful, Mister Kynaston, beautiful and vain.  Why else do you cajole me to flatter you?"

He is glad they are talking through the mirror, not face to face.  It lets him feel protected.  He wants her to be honest with him. He wants to know.  “When?”

“When?”

“When am I beautiful?  On stage, you mean?  Or now?”

“In any guise.”

Yes, in any costume.  So it is.  “You’re a liar.  Think you’re paid to fancy me, do you?”

“Believe what you will.”

“As beautiful now, here, in my breeches, as I am then, is that what you mean to say?”

“More beautiful!”

“Swear to it.”  He turns from the mirror, reaches his hands out to her.  She bends down on her knees, without hesitation, presses her face against his fingers.

“I swear to you, Mister Kynaston.  I swear.”

“Thank you, Maria.  Thank you.”

Why does one act?  Mustn’t there be as many reasons as actors, a different compulsion for each one?

Why does he act?

For beauty, of course.  To live for beauty, on beauty, despite the offstage world's determination to crush it.

The crowds can make him feel as a god when they laugh, weep, chant his name ecstatically.

Kyn-a-ston!  Kyn-a-ston!  Kyn-a-ston!

They cheer for him now, for his men, just as they did then for his women.  He can still win their adoration.

It is early in the afternoon when he comes home from the theater, and George is waiting on the doorstep.  He looks so wonderfully out of place on their modest street, their modest stoop, wearing a purple coat with gold brocade, his boots and his walking stick shining.  He lounges, he always lounges, no matter where he goes, and when Ned approaches he smiles idly, doesn’t bother to stand.  “These are your quarters?”

“Yes.”

“And that woman of yours?”  Before this, George barely acknowledged Maria’s existence.  Now that he does, he must make it clear he disdains her.

“This is also her home.”  He moves towards the door, takes out his key.

George stands close behind him, leans in over his shoulder.  “Let me in,” he murmurs, his hand slipping under Ned’s curls to curve round the back of his neck.

Ned has always loved George’s slow, haughty voice, and the decadent slink of his body.  He never asks or pleads or laments, he is confident in his power to take, have, and, most of all, enjoy.  “Alright.”

George enters the apartment