you."

"Don't, Rachel, please, don't.  I'm no saint."

"You're the closest Gotham's got."

"You might as well call this city damned."

"Then let's be damned together," she hisses, and licks his cheek.  "Don't leave me alone," she begs.  He turns, grabs her and kisses her with such hunger.  She wonders when was the last time he kissed his wife like this, because this kind of desire can't last.  God, she wishes it could.  She kisses him back like it's a contest, like she has to prove she wants this most.  She's never kissed anyone with a mustache before, she likes how it tickles and scratches.

When she straddles his hips he brings his hands to her ass and asks, ridiculous habitual courtesy, "You're sure this is what you want?"

"Yes," she insists and strips off her dress.  "Stop thinking, Jim.  Don't think."  She's naked now, and he's fully dressed and she loves it, grinds up and down and then turns around so that her ass can rub against his cock.  One of his arms wraps around her waist, and his other hand slides up her thigh, and she says, "Yes, touch me," and she'd never admit it, but she's always turned on by the sound of her own voice, she talks as much for herself as she does for him.  "Feels so good, so much better than when I do it myself."  His other hand is at her breast, squeezing her softly and she wants more.  "Pinch my nipples," she orders, and he does and she whines in return, feels him thrust up against her ass.  "You want me," she gloats, but  she wants to hear him say it, wants B to hear it.  "Do you want me?"

"Yes."

"You want to fuck me?"

"Yes."

"Say it."

"I want to fuck you."

"I want you to fuck me," she echoes.  She rolls off of him, kneels in front of him and unbuckles his leather belt, presses her hand against his cock and just holds it there for a moment.  She wants to look up at him, but she's almost afraid.  She doesn't know what she's doing, she doesn't know what she wants.  Fuck.  That's what she said to him.  But what does that word mean?  Is that what she wants out of this, something fast and easy and over soon as they both come?  Is that what she wants?  Is that what would hurt B?  It occurs to her that if he is watching, this will look like exactly what it is: desperate.  "Wait," she says, and dares to look up at him.  He watches her almost without expression, no expression but his habitual one, wary benevolence, like he pities the world he protects and all its inhabitants, even the ones he must hunt down and destroy.  She takes his hand, nervous now.  "Let's go into the bedroom."

It is so dark in her room, the shades are closed, so she leaves the door open to bring some light in.  He sits down at the side of the bed, begins to take off his shoes, but she tells him, "Stop.  Let me."  He's already taken off his glasses, left them on the bedside table.  She's irrationally disappointed at being denied any opportunity to strip him down.  Let me take away all of your costumes, she thinks, everything that hides, obscures, until all that's left is skin.

"Where are your condoms?" he asks.

"We don't need them," she says.  It will be good to feel him inside her.  It's good to know how much B will hate this, hate her for being so incautious, hate her for having sex with someone who's not him, hate her for having sex with someone he probably also wants to fuck.  She's always bossy when she wants something, so when he starts to loosen the knot on his tie, she grabs his hands.  "No.  Just let me, let me, I'll take care of everything."  She gets on her knees and she takes his hands and bring them to her face, she closes her eyes and her lips part and she feels him bend towards her, his hands tangled in her hair now, his lips at her throat, her cheek, her eyelid, and then the tip of his tongue tracing the curves of her lips.  Time seems to stop when he touches her like that, everything slows, his movements, the throb of her pussy, the beat of her heart.  She sighs against his mouth, so hungry, so ready, her hands clutching at his thighs.  She needs more of him.  She reluctantly draws away from his mouth.  "I'm going to