his blood by the time Stilinski got a hand around his neck and trapped Jackson's hips beneath his pelvis. 

"I don't know why I never did this before," Stiles said, punctuating his words with a sharp squeeze to Jackson's neck, though it wasn't hard enough to obstruct his breathing.

Stiles was breathing hard and glaring with more venom than Jackson had ever seen in his eyes, and Jackson insulted Scott all the fucking time in front of Stiles. But more than that, his eyes were wide and dark with only a thin brown ring showing around them, and Jackson felt frozen beneath them.

"You're fucking weak," he spit out, and Jackson felt the retort bubble into his mouth before it died out. He wanted to argue against it more than anything. His brain was protesting, but his body was loose, pliant and unwilling to move for anything.

But he was weak. He was bleeding out, naked, and pinned by his fucking throat of all things by a weakling. He should've been able to beat Stiles with his eyes shut and his hands tied behind his back, and yet he was on the ground and trapped in his own body. 

"Nothing to say, Jackson? You're fucking pathetic." 

Jackson's head slammed back into the tile with the force of his words, breath coming out in harsh pants through his nose. There was something low and dark churning in his gut, and Jackson was scared to examine it too closely. 

Stiles huffed, clearly frustrated, and Jackson screwed his eyes shut, unable to look Stiles in the face. He shifted then to do something (just what, Jackson didn't know) and the rough denim of Stiles' jeans rubbed right against Jackson's dick, half hard and undoubtedly interested in more of that. 

"Shit," Jackson hissed, voice half catching on a moan, and Stiles went tense above him.

"God, you--you fucking like this," Stiles said, incredulous, and his hand slid down to Jackson's collar bone. He dug his nails in carefully, like he was testing something out, and Jackson sobbed. 

He couldn't be fucking crying. There was no way in hell Stilinski was making him cry, and yet... The dark whatever in his gut condensed until it was small and thick, and it was too much. Too focused. Too hard. And Jackson wanted it out.

"You're a little bitch, Jackson. A fucking bitch." 

Stiles' leg slid between his and pressed down hard, and Jackson's hands flew up around Stiles' back. He wanted to dig his fingernails into his stupid fucking plaid shirt, scratch until the fabric ripped and he made Stiles bleed, but more than anything he just wanted to hold on and feel his heat scald his palms. 

"Look at me," Stiles said, but Jackson squeezed his eyes shut harder. He didn't want to look up and see himself reflected in his eyes. 

"Look at me, Jackson," Stiles said harder, and he punctuated it with slap against Jackson's cheek, right where he spit. Jackson's eyes snapped open then, and the pit embedded in his gut pulsed in a way that sent pleasure up his spine. 

Stiles was panting and flushed, his eyes blown wide and his focus completely on Jackson. He nearly let out another sob. 

Stiles swallowed, and Jackson tracked the movement dazedly before his eyes snapped back to Stiles'. 

"You did fucking awful in the game today," Stiles said lowly, and Jackson found himself nodding his head. Yeah, he did do fucking awful. He let Scott get the ball and score; the opponents got in a scoring chance that Danny nearly missed when Jackson fumbled the ball halfway through the game; and he let fucking Stilinski get the better of him in the locker room directly after.

Stiles swallowed again, and punched him hard in the face. Jackson definitely felt his eyes tear up after that one, and his face pulsed in time with the thing in his gut. 

"Fuck," he stuttered out, his lips pulling with the blood drying on his lips as they tried to form the shapes of the word. He was so fucking hard, and Stiles was still staring at him. 

His hips ground up helplessly, searching for the heat and the pressure and the hurt Stiles' denim covered thigh offered. And Stiles delivered, humping forward until they kept up a basic but frantic rhythm. 

Stiles was hard too, he was enjoying this too, and it was that discovery that had Jackson pressing his face into Stiles' neck. Not to bite or suck or anything, but just to be. To feel surrounded and covered. 

"Your p-pass to Isaac was disgusting," Stiles groaned out, and Jackson rolled his hips harder against Stiles' leg. "What if they had scored, Jackson? 

The dark rock in his gut pulsed faster and harder, and Jackson was so fucking close. But he needed...he needed.

"Say you're sorry, Jackson. To the team, me, Scott.