threesomes because Lydia had figured out just how much Jackson liked giving oral sex. 

Jackson mouthed at the head of Stiles’ dick through his boxers, and Stiles’ hands immediately slid into his hair. Jackson was surprised at the size of them; Stiles was Scott’s loser friend, not anyone with any kind of sex appeal, but Jackson would bet Stiles would be fucking amazing at fingering, and Jackson’s dick twitched just thinking about it. 

Stiles’ eyes were sort of hazy and unfocused, but Jackson didn’t care. He could picture whoever the fuck he wanted on his dick; he just needed to realize that after it was all done, it was Jackson’s skills that made him blow his load. 

He slid his fingers up the side of Stiles’ boxer shorts, the side he was hanging, and pulled his dick out through leg hole. The fabric would make things a little bit more of a hassle, but he didn’t feel like dealing with pubic hair up his nose when he got to the deep throating portion of his system. 

Stiles was a good size, a little thin at the top and curved slightly to the left, but a good dick all the same. It’d probably be the sort of dick Lydia would like to ride, if she had the choice, but that didn’t matter to Jackson. They all sort of felt the same in his mouth, anyway. 

Jackson sucked the head into his mouth and tongued at Stiles’ slit, and Stiles let out a sinful moan and threw his head back into the wall. The fucker was going to give himself a concussion. His hips were already starting to thrust forward in small shaky little twitches that Jackson knew Stiles was trying to control, but trying wasn’t nearly enough, so Jackson grabbed the base of Stiles’ dick and pushed Stiles’ hips against the wall with his forearm. 

With that part done, Jackson pulled back and sucked him back in, his cheeks hollowing. Stiles was louder than Lydia, louder than a lot of the guys Jackson had blown before actually, and Jackson fought off the urge to pull off and tell him to shut the hell up. They were in a bathroom in the hospital—quiet was probably ideal—but every moan, every hitch of breath, fueled Jackson’s ego. 

Jackson was right; Stiles wouldn’t last long. He’d barely started getting his hand in the action, and he was maybe ten or so thrusts in when Stiles let out a noiseless scream and yanked Jackson’s hair so hard that Jackson had to actually stop himself from biting on reflex. He managed not to choke on Stiles’ cum, which was an effort all on itself given Jackson’s surprise, and he waited with a mouthful of it for Stiles’ breathing to calm and his hands to release so Jackson could pull off his dick. 

He had no plans to swallow, so once he could get free he made his way to the toilet and spit, wiping off the jizz that had dribbled out with crummy, one-ply toilet paper.

Jackson could hear Stiles stumble after him, but he didn’t make a big deal out of it. He just calmly tossed the last of the used toilet paper into the toilet and flushed before turning around. He wanted to say he wasn’t surprised when Stiles immediately started kissing him, but he was. Jackson let it happen though, returning the barest of kisses and letting Stiles stick his tongue in his mouth when he pushed it forward. It was a fucking awful kiss, but Jackson wasn’t really into kissing him in the first place. Some guys liked being able to taste themselves after they were sucked off, and who was Jackson to deny him that? 

Stiles’ hands grabbed at Jackson’s ass, and Jackson let himself feel their size, their warmth through his dress pants for a minute. They weren’t there for long anyway—Stiles slid them along to the front of Jackson’s pants, where he was still hard, and started to undo them. Jackson leaned back to get away from Stiles’ mouth, and grabbed Stiles’ wrists to still them. 

"I’ve got this. You can leave." 

Stiles snarled half-assedly, his eyes firmly planted on Jacksons lips, and Jackson licked them subconsciously. 

"Leave," he repeated, and Stiles jerked out of his grip with a frustrated noise. 

Once Stiles was out of there, Jackson rubbed one out thinking of Stiles’ hands, and walked back to the spot he’d been earlier, bumping elbows with Stiles and staring at Lydia’s unconscious form on the hospital bed. 



 Three

"If you do this, I’ll blow you." 

The words hung heavy between them, canceling out the noise of the lunchroom surrounding them, and Jackson jiggled his leg nervously. He didn’t know why he said that—he had a porsche for God’s sake so it wasn’t like he didn’t have money—but it slipped out, and he definitely wanted it. 

Boyd tilted his head, and Jackson watched the entire column