’s weird that I hadn’t.” 

When Allison looked over at Scott he was still petting the rabbit, but absentmindedly. He was staring at something over Lydia’s shoulder too with a frown on his face, but he didn’t elaborate when Allison knocked her knees into his. And it might have been stupid on her part, but she left her knee against his. 

Scott looked at their knees, then at Allison, and happiness bloomed on his face. Allison couldn’t help but smile back. 

She could see herself leaning over, maybe touching his arm where the hawk had landed earlier, and brushing a kiss to his cheek. She could claim it was a thanks for being her guide as a backup if she needed to. 

But she didn’t get to, because Lydia was jumping up and pointing at the ground between them. 

Allison looked down, and oh. Oh! The rabbit! It was making all these content noises under Scott’s fingertips, and a silver substance was spilling out from underneath its fluffy tail. 

“Well what are you waiting for?” Lydia asked, already poised with a drinking cup she had on her person. “Drink it!”

Allison reached into her satchel to pull out a small wooden bowl, and quickly, just in case the rabbit stopped...silver-ing. 

They both got a little liquid into their containers, just enough to cover the bottom, and let the rabbit go because Scott said that they didn’t need much—just a drop. Lydia pulled out a few berries that Allison recognized to be poisonous and smashed them into the ground anywhere the silver had spilled. 

When Allison shot her a look, she shrugged and said, “If it only takes one drop.”

Lydia lay back onto the ground and lifted her cup into the air. “Cheers,” she said, and tipped the cup into her mouth, and just like that, she was out. 

Allison swallowed. Lydia looked dead, and Allison wasn’t sure how to feel about that. She turned to Scott, who was chewing on his thumb and looking at Lydia too. 

“Don’t worry, she still has a pulse,” he said, and Allison changed her grip on the bowl. Scott looked so solemn and worried, and it was unsettling. He had been so cheerful up until then. “This is one of the hardest parts of the challenge. Some people never wake up, so I need you to listen to me.” 

Allison nodded her head and steeled herself for what he was going to say. 

“Don’t stay in one spot,” he continued. “Just let everything flow through you because if you don’t, you won’t get out, and I want you to get out.” 

“Why do this at all then? What’s so important about this sliver stuff?” 

“There’s only one amaranth flower in the forest, and without being connected to the forest you will never find it.” 

“You couldn’t just trip and fall on that too?” Allison joked, trying to ease the tension in her hands. 

Scott quirked a grin, breaking the air of seriousness he’d had until then. Good, Allison wouldn’t know what to do if he continued to be so solemn. She wasn’t dead yet, and she planned to get that amaranth flower. 

“No, now drink up! And save a sip for me.” 

Allison took a deep breath and brought the bowl up to her mouth. She took two deep swallows, leaving a small amount in the bottom like Scott asked, and passed it over. For it having come out of the rabbit’s butt area, it didn’t taste half bad. It didn’t taste good either, nearing something akin to flour and water, but Allison didn’t immediately want to spit it up so that was reassuring. 

The last image in her head before she completely blacked out was of Scott making a face at the silver stuff.

Images from her past flew in front of her eyes, slamming her with her own emotions until her bones ached and her muscles felt raw. 

‘Don’t stay in one spot,’ she chanted in her head. ‘Just let everything flow through you.’ 

She watched pictures of her mom giving her her first bow, her dad showing her how to make an arrowhead, her first hunt, her first kill, and then bang. Fear hit her so hard she lost her grip on Scott’s mantra.

She was eleven, and still inexperienced on her hunts. She’d been tracking a deer she’d shot over an hour ago, and adrenaline was running high in her veins. Allison couldn’t wait to bring home fresh meat and fur to the village, to contribute her worth just like the others. 

It was growing dark, and her legs were getting tired from walking, her arms from holding up her bow. She didn’t see the edge of the cliff until it was too late.

The ground dropped out from under her, and the air was moving too fast out of her