simple purple vibrator with a clit tickler. It wasn’t much but it got her through a lot of lonely nights. She propped up a couple pillows before lying back against the headboard to get comfortable, placing the vibrator next to her so she could let her hand wander across her body, letting herself feel excited for the first time in a long while.

Hands roamed up her shirt and bra to pinch at her nipples, rolling them around her thumb until they were pebbled. She pulled her shirt off and threw them off the mattress, the bra quick to follow so she wouldn’t have to strain around fabrics. It was only then that Melissa closed her eyes and imaged for a short moment that the palms running over her body was Scott’s, that the fingers pinching at her nipples and creating goosebumps were her sons. She couldn’t help the gasp that escaped when her hand finally slid down her stomach and over the curve of her pubic bone, a finger brushing over her clit.

She forgot how it felt to be fully turned on, to get this wet so fast, to have her clit plump and sensitive from how aroused she was. Maybe a part of her felt ashamed that it was her son that was making her this way, but most of her didn’t seem to care. Her middle finger rubbed circles around her clit while the other kept a relaxed kneading on her breast. Breathing began to labour and for a moment she thought against using a vibrator but she knew that she couldn’t fully be satisfied without having something filling her up.

Without further ado, Melissa lifted the purple vibrator and positioned it to her entrance, rubbing around it for a moment before pushing it inside. It always made her clench around the toy at the first entry but afterwards came the warmth of pleasure. She thrust the vibrator in and out slowly, enjoying the movement of friction against her inner walls before turning it on, immediately biting down on her lip to silence the needy moan that rose in her throat. It felt so good, buzzing in all the spots that made her thighs tremble and her pussy only create more precum.

She tried to hold in her voice because she didn’t want Scott to overhear her in this state, didn’t want him to be tempted to do anything that would change their relationship forever. She could fantasise all she wanted but she wasn’t going to let her son fall down to her level, he had a kink but that was all.

But no matter how much she tried to keep quiet, Scott could hear his mother’s heartbeat pick up in her bedroom, a dim sound of a buzz and the odd groan here and there. It was enough for him to figure out what she was up to and fuck if it didn’t bring the blood down to his cock. He knew this was wrong – so, so wrong – but this was his mama, and she was in there masturbating and he wanted in on that action. This was different from just porn, he couldn’t just barge in and expect his mum to spread her legs – oh fuck that imagery, he had to grab the base of his cock and starve off the sudden orgasm – and give him what he wants. He didn’t even know if Melissa thought the same way, she caught him in the act many times but it wasn’t like she hadn’t done that many times before.

It certainly was less awkward than the last time. He couldn’t do anything about it now and his hard on wasn’t going to just vanish on its own, so thinking like a hormonal teenager, Scott decided that he would just listen to his mum getting off in her bed. Without getting caught, he could do that with his wolf-like stealth. Easy.

The teen sneaked to his mother’s door slowly with his socks on so he could cancel out any noise that his mother could overhear, closing his eyes and leaning against the wood while his hand slipped down under the waist band of his jeans. He let his ears do all the work while the rest of his body went on autopilot, already knowing what to do from years of repeated motions. Melissa sounded like she was trying to hold in her moans, perhaps biting her lip to cease any noise from escaping. The vibrator buzzing wasn’t loud enough to cancel out the small but noticeable wet sounds that must have been his mother’s pussy.

The hand on his dick tightened considerably because she was so wet, his mum was turned on and masturbating just a few feet from him and it just hit Scott now. He was a peeping tom just wanting to get a look at his own mum getting off, wanted to know what she looked like turned on, does she writhe on the bed desperate or does she take her time until her climax. He actually wants to know these things instead of just thinking of her as masturbation material. It was different, he actually cared about her.

How could he not? This was Melissa – it was his mum, the one that gave birth to him,