a homicide. If anyone has any information regarding him, please come forward, thank you." My dad ended his announcement.

"Do you think this has anything to do with the supernatural?" I was shocked by the sudden voice that came up from behind me, Isaac.

"Geez Isaac! Don't sneak up on me like that! And no I don't think so."

"Why not?"

"Because I overheard my dad, Ben was shot and I can't think of any supernatural beings who uses a gun, besides there wasn't any weird things that seemed out of the blue during the summer, so I'm pretty sure a human shot him."

"Wow, that seems... dark, like very dark."

"Tell me about it, I got to get to class, see you after school." I walked towards my Chemistry class, passing by the Biology lab, then I had to backtrack not sure whether my eyes were playing tricks on me but there it was. Ms Park and Scott was kissing, passionately if I might add on the lab table. I made a mental note to talk to Scott once I send Isaac back to the loft after school. 

And there I was sitting on the steps leading to Scott McCall's house, waiting for him to get back home. Once he saw me, shock was written on his face and a small smile was forming on his lips and I didn't want him thinking I want to make amends after the Donovan thing so I got straight to the point.

"I saw you Scott."

"What're you talking about?"

"Ms Park and you, kissing. It's wrong Scott, you both could get in trouble if found out."

"If. Stiles. If. And I genuinely like her, she cares about me."

"Oh, is that what she told you? When did the both of you even started?"

"In the summer."

"Was she the reason why you blew Isaac off? You're unbelievable." I started to walk off, but he grabbed my arm, a little harder than I had hoped.

"Don't tell anyone Stiles, if not I'll..."

"What Scott? You'll what?" I yanked my arm out of his grasp. "You know I used to know this guy once, Scott McCall, he wasn't perfect but he'll always try to do the right thing, at least. But now here he is protecting some cougar." I walked off.

Despite the charisma that I showed in front of him just now and everything that happened between us, I would still do anything to protect him. No matter what, he was my brother and I couldn't let anyone know about this. This forbidden romance between teacher and student will have consequences if anyone were to find out about it and tell the principal. Not only will she be fired but will even be blacklisted, making it hard for her to find any other form of employment. The student however, will not be expelled but suspended for a few weeks, and that would not look good when he's applying for colleges and he can kiss his chance of a scholarship goodbye no matter how good he is at Lacrosse.

Friday, it's the day Derek would finally move back to Beacon Hills, where I'll be able to see him more often, and I'm so excited that even my dad could sense the excitement radiating from me when I prepared breakfast but didn't say anything, he merely smiled and said he was happy for me before heading to work. My mood was so good until Isaac and I caught a glimpse of the Beacon Hills Register at school. The cover story is, of course, The Murder of Benjamin Carson, probably the most exciting thing the journalists at the local newspaper had ever written throughout their entire career. But what caught my attention was that the autopsy report of Ben Carson was on the newspaper. 

"I got to hand it to the journalist who was able to get a copy of the autopsy report." Isaac casually said. "Don't they have to bribe the coroner with like a ton of money for that?"

"They have to stop sensationalizing this horrible thing, it's bad enough a kid was murdered, now an autopsy report? They should be writing about the real story. Like what happened to him? Who was holding him captive? Why was he frozen? Who pulled the trigger on him? But instead, they leak out his autopsy report which is such a disrespect to Ben. I mean I get it, he wasn't a good person, he bullies people just because he's loaded but this is still such a terrible thing to do."

"Journalists don't care about that Stiles, they want the juicy gossips, they want to write things that people will talk about, they want their paper to sell. That's all they care about."

During lunch, I received a text from Scott asking to meet so we can talk. I agreed but told him that I