pushed inside himself yet; that he's still circling and rubbing at his entrance.

He's proven right when Stiles lets out a sigh and rolls over, bracing himself on elbows and knees. Stiles reaches for the lube and flicks the lid open, squirting more onto his hand. "See? Much easier now." After setting the tube back on the table, Stiles uses his left hand to lower himself so that his shoulders are resting on the bed, letting him reach around to his ass. Stiles closes his eyes and sighs as he slowly slides his middle finger into the entrance.

Stiles moans, hips shifting back to push against his finger, and Derek finds himself letting out a soft noise as well. Stiles's eyes fly at the sound and he makes a point of smirking at Derek before starting to move his finger in and out. Derek nearly whimpers when Stiles adds a second finger, Stiles's mouth falling open as he exhales sharply, his left hand tightening around his cock.

Stiles continues to open his ass with two fingers, twisting his wrist and moaning when the knuckles catch on his rim. "You know," Stiles says conversationally, his voice a little breathy, "this would be a lot better if you were doing it."

"I'd have a better angle," Derek agrees, remembering what Stiles said earlier about wanting him to talk. "Be able to go deeper."

"Fuuuuck," Stiles groans, pushing a third finger against his entrance. "You'd be great at it, wouldn't you. God, your fingers are so thick, I'd-" Stiles grunts and breaks off as he breaches the ring of muscle with a third finger. "Would feel so fucking good, Derek, I can't wait to try."

"We will," Derek says, his voice hoarser than he'd thought it would be. He clears his throat and tries again. "We will, Stiles."

"Good." Stiles slides his fingers in and out, probing gently at his walls. Derek can tell the exact moment Stiles finds what he's looking for, because his face goes slack and his breath hitches. "Want that to be you next time," he says, his whole body tensing as he hits his prostate again.

Derek is too enthralled by Stiles's body to reply, but apparently Stiles doesn't need him to. He looks on intently as Stiles continues to tease himself, rubbing his prostate and playing with his cock before gripping the base and tugging on his balls, denying himself release. After third time Stiles stops himself from coming he pulls out his fingers with a slick sound. His hole flutters at the loss, excess lube pulsing out with each muscle spasm and dribbling down to pool behind his balls.

When Derek drags his focus away from the tantalizing view of Stiles's ass, he sees that Stiles has already rolled a condom down the handle of the hairbrush and is coating it with lubricant. Derek's incredulity must show on his face, because Stiles laughs at his expression.

"Dude, you can never have too much lube. Rule number one. And don't judge the condom; you have no idea how hard it is to keep things clean. I'm just being sanitary."

With that much eyecandy laid out before him, it's easy for Derek not to be judgmental. About the lube anyway.

"You know what would make this even better? If you could unzip your jeans a little. Or a lot! I just mean, I'm imagining this is you anyway, so maybe you could give me a little visual help?" Stiles's voice lifts like he's embarrassed, turning his statement into a question, but he continues anyway. "It's not like your pants are hiding much, and that has to be uncomfortable."

As though Stiles has flipped a switch in his brain, Derek suddenly becomes aware that his cock is hard and that it actually is pressing somewhat painfully against the zipper of his pants. He snorts softly and looks at Stiles. "If you want me to."

"I do, I really, really do," Stiles responds immediately. "I don't want to be the only one who gets off tonight."

"Okay."

It's like Derek's body has been waiting for Stiles's approval before demanding his attention. His erection slaps against his abdomen as soon as he releases it from the confines of his jeans, which he shoves far enough down his thighs that they won't dig into his skin while he sits on the chair. His foreskin has already receded and he can clearly see precome beading at the top of the head. Stiles moans softly at the sight, and Derek leans back in the chair, his hand resting against his thigh, not wanting to stimulate himself too soon.

"Oh my god," Stiles says, his eyes still fixed on Derek's erection. "Oh my god, I cannot wait to suck that."

"Not tonight," Derek replies, reminding himself almost as much as Stiles, hand moving to curl