sets up a sort of truce with him and something… something is not quite right. 

Derek turns some pack members quickly. Too quickly. While Chris has never seen him attack anyone, he’s aggressive at times. Posturing. Hostile. 

Chris goes over the material he has on wolves and pack dynamics but doesn’t find what he’s looking for. 

Until one day he does. 

He’s watching a documentary on the National Geographic Channel on wolves, wolf packs and the domesticated canine when he sees what he’s been missing. 


”The insecure pack leader is born of a wolf, or possibly domesticated dog, that is unprepared or unwilling to be pack leader. In situations where no true pack leader exists, one of the other pack members may assume leadership but it’s not a true alpha dynamic. Insecure pack leaders tend to be anxious; asserting their dominance through fear and aggression instead of through the installation of respect and obedience. The animal cannot abide the void left in the absence of a true pack leader and so, takes on that mantle. However, they are generally ill-equipped to be leaders and tend to be somewhat combative and impetuous. This can usually be seen in the manner in which they manage their pack and how they attract and deal with outsiders.”


If that doesn’t describe Derek Hale and his band of misfit wolves, Chris Argent doesn’t know what does. It certainly explains the way Derek grew his pack - choosing younger, more insecure members - members he could easily dominate or keep in line. Outsiders who would cling to a feeling of pack, of belonging. 


”In the case of an insecure pack leader, should another Alpha, a true Alpha, arrive and assert their dominance, the insecure pack leader would likely struggle for control initially but would eventually happily relinquish it and return to their Beta or even Omega status.”


Chris watches the rest of the documentary, enraptured at how well the description fits what he sees in Beacon Hills. 

The question is: what to do about it. 

***

The more Chris thinks about it, the more it makes sense. Derek Hale spent his entire life watching his sister be groomed for the Alpha leadership. His mother was a strong Alpha in her own right and while Derek likely saw or was present for some of the lessons, he probably never thought he’d have any use for them.

He was a Beta. 

Until, by luck or tragedy or both, he wasn’t anymore. 

He was Alpha. Whether he wanted it or not. 

Derek Hale may seem like a man to the high-schoolers of Beacon Hills, but to Chris Argent, he’s still just a boy. The high-schoolers idolize and fear him - his attitude, his good looks, his troubled past. But Chris Argent now sees him as boy pretending to be a grown-up - trying desperately hard to keep it all together until Mom and Dad come home. 

But Mom and Dad aren’t coming home. Not for Derek. 

Chris isn’t a bad man. He’s not evil or vindictive. Not like Gerard. Not like Kate. He’s still pained and troubled by his own family. He doesn't’ want to hurt Derek or his little pack of wolflings (for truly, he cannot even think of them entirely as wolves. They are cubs at best). 

But neither is he a pushover nor an insecure man. 

So when he sees an opportunity to put his knowledge to use, he uses it. 

It happens when a band of goblins infiltrates Beacon Hills. Allison tentatively comes to his study one night and asks if he’ll agree to a meeting with Derek Hale. 

Now that he knows what he’s dealing with, it’s so obvious to him - how Derek sends Chris’ daughter his daughter with an invitation, too afraid of being rejected himself. 

He agrees. 

He even agrees to meet at a place of Derek’s choosing which is how he finds himself at the old Hale house - it’s broken shell starting to be shorn up with new construction. There’s a mish-mash of old furniture and rag-tag appliances inside. The kitchen is clearly the hub and Derek has to shoo out some of his younger wolves (Isaac, Erica) when Chris arrives. 

The entire thing screams ‘Lost Boys and the Neverland Forest’ to Chris, but he keeps his face calm and impassive and thanks Derek for inviting him. 

Derek is all aggression and sharp movements and Chris thinks he even sees teeth flashed his way at one point. Derek goes over his plan to rid the area of goblins, detailing what his wolves will do (and he makes sure to always use the term ‘my wolves’ as though Chris could or would forget who they belonged to) and then goes so far as to instruct Chris to what his role will be. 

Chris looks over the plans Derek’s spread out in front of him, perusing them carefully, going over the details in his mind. Or rather, he makes an act of doing that while he studies Derek out of the side