“Okay. Who is she again?”

Stiles ignores him, puts the kid on his hip and walks towards the living. After being relaxed on the couch, kid playing with a toy, he explains. 

“She is my cousin. My uncle, my dad’s younger brother, is having his honey moon because when he married, my aunt was pregnant with this little princess. We are taking care of her for two weeks” 

“Why isn’t she with them?” 

Stiles shrugs. Derek is standing there, watching the baby without knowing what to do.     

“You can sit here, you know? She doesn’t bite”

“I doubt it” But Derek sits there, next to Stiles. If he sits too much close than necessary is just because the baby is taking all the space at the other side.  

“Why are you here?” 

“Oh, I came to talk to your dad but he was leaving” 

“What do you wanted to talk about?” 

Izzy start to climb Stiles. Derek growls at her causing the baby cheer. 

“I’m going to take the job. But I want to do the right way, going to the academy and all” 

“NO. F… WAY!” Stiles exclaims, whispering the “fucking” while covering Izzy’s ears. 

“Really? She is a…thing. She doesn’t understand what are you saying”  

 “She is too delicate to hear bad words” Stiles fakes indignation. “And she is not a thing!” he adds with real indignation. 

As on clue, Izzy climbs past Stiles and try to touch Derek. 

“I’m going. Good luck with the mini devil” 

“Oh, no no no. You are staying until my dad is back.”

xXx

Derek doesn’t know why he agreed. He is holding a baby while Stiles is in the bathroom. A baby who is touching his face with sticky hands.    

“Stiles!! She need a change! Or a bath! She smells!!” 

And from there, everything is worse.

xXx

Stiles decides he is helping him with the bath. The little devil splashes water all over Derek. He flashes his eyes at her. Stiles punches him in the arm for scaring her. Except Izzy laughs. Stiles gives Derek one of his shirts to change. 

“Your shirts still don’t fit”

“Just put the shirt on”  

xXx

Izzy bits him when Stiles insists that he needs to play with her. Derek growls at her. Stiles laughs this time. 

“Stop. It hurts” 

“Oh, shut up, you already heal. Is a baby tooth. You survived alpha wounds and you complain about a baby?”

“She is…uneducated” 

Derek points his finger to her and she sucks it. She fucking sucks his finger. 

“Don’t say a word”

Stiles has the decency to shut tp. 

xXx

Stiles decides they need to watch a Disney movie.

“She doesn’t know what’s going on. Why are we watching this?”

“She will remember it and she will have sweet dreams tonight”

Izzy is on top of Derek, barely watching the TV, more interesting on the pattern on Derek’s…well Stiles’ shirt. He doesn’t move her. 

xXx

 “I need to go to the bathroom”

“Again?” 

“Yes. Again.” 

Derek whines internally. He is holding her because Stiles doesn’t want to left her on the couch. He is holding her from far away. Is not ten seconds and she start to cry, mumbling something that sounds like “’Tiles”. 

“Hurry up Stiles!” He screams on the bathroom direction.

“I’m pooping here!” Stiles screams back. 

When Stiles comes back, he founds Derek in beta form, hair on his face and Izzy tugging said hair. And Derek is actually smiling at her. 

xXx

 

Derek notices how Stiles smell happy around her. He can’t help but ask. 

“Do you want to have kids on your own?”

“Yeah, I love babies and kids in general. But is something I have to talk with my future partner” 

He saves the information for future references. 

xXx

Izzy is taking a nap, while Derek and Stiles watch an action movie. 

“I saw you smiling at Izzy. Like three times when you weren’t paying attention to me” 

“Don’t know what you are talking about”

“You like her”

“I don’t” 

“Yeah, you don’t. The big bad alpha is falling for a Stilinski!”

Derek blushes. At the same time, Izzy wakes up and starts making noises from his crib.  

“I got her” he says just to avoid say something stupid. 

“See? You like her!”

Derek never answer but yeah, Izzy stole his heart in a very small amount of time. “Like your cousin”, he thinks. 

xXx

The Sheriff calls to see how he is doing. Stiles tell him about Derek’s presence. Derek is left with a bottle and a baby. He manages, though. Izzy is comfortable on