had perfect view of the kitchen so he could watch Stiles work – kicking off his shoes and watching as Stiles collected them, going round the set them neatly by the door before returning and kneeling in front of Alpha’s feet. Only then did he speak, reaching out to cup his baby’s head and let him rest his cheek on his knee. “Have you been good for me today?”

“Yes, Alpha.” The reply was immediate; Stiles had done everything on his list, including cleaning himself both inside and out. He seriously hated doing enemas on himself because it bent his back out while he put the utensil in, then having to wait with his stomach cramping. Still, it wasn’t as embarrassing as his Alpha doing it, where he could hear and smell everything. It took longer but it was worth the rewards. Alpha hummed approvingly, stroking his thumb across Stiles’ cheek as a reward and was pleased even more when his baby closed his eyes in complete trust, the waft of delight and a hint of arousal came up into his nose.

They stayed there for what felt like hours, it was easy for Stiles to slip into a haze whenever his Alpha gave him attention for a long period of time, petting him or talking to him about his day. Just knowing that his Alpha was content with his company was enough for him, because Alpha was basically his whole world now; everything he did would impact both him and his Alpha, and everything his Alpha did would impact on him too. It was a circle of trust and communication between the both of them that led to them being so stable. Someone on the outside looking in might think of it as overpowering, but Stiles had as much a say in what they were doing as his Alpha did, if not more.

By the time Stiles opened his eyes again, feeling his Alpha shift to stand up, it was dark outside. He had already prepared dinner, they just needed to cook everything. Getting up, he stopped when Alpha grabbed his arm and couldn’t help the flush on his cheeks when Alpha leaned in to kiss his head before letting him go once more to climb the stairs for a shower. Stiles got to work with cooking the lasagna, moving the muffins aside and packing them up now they were cooled down. He always loved cooking even when he was a little kid with his mother watching what he was making over his shoulder. It comforted him, at times when he would feel stressed after not being able to figure out an equation, or staring at the supernatural happenings they had to understand to move them out of Beacon Hills, the best way to calm him down again was to bake, or to cook. It always ended up with a good result; it delighted people when they got to taste his food which in turn made him just at pleased. It did have a downside when it came to people that knew why he baked, they would ask him if he was alright afterwards would only bring up the same fury he was trying to get rid of in the kitchen.

Alpha knew he cooked to get away from his mind, he understood because he did the exact same thing when it came to working out. Sometimes they just needed to so something physical to heal, he never asked Stiles what was wrong unless his baby called him up or still smelled like distress after finishing his work in the kitchen. If he still needed a distraction he would try something a little harder, letting Stiles slip into his subspace and watching over him, protecting him.

Luckily it seems that Stiles was having a positive day, he hadn’t texted at all. He was so proud of his baby for handling the day, his tasks, his cleaning for later tonight. Coming back downstairs from the shower with a towel around his neck and a fresh pair of underwear on, not bothering with anything else since they were only going to take them off again. His baby had set the table and was just dishing up the lasagna when he came in, his hand finding purchase on the back of Stiles’ neck and rubbing a soothing circle there with his thumb before sitting down. Another thing that he’s figured out when it came to eating was he ate first, and then Stiles would follow him. They didn’t agree on that but it was like Stiles needed him to praise his food, needed his Dom to approve of his work before he could dig in. Cutting a corner on the lasagna, he popped the forkful in his mouth and chewed, Stiles’ eyes on him completely, unblinking. Humming with pleasure, he swallowed and nodded his head before continuing his meal. Just like that, Stiles’ scent brightened and he dug into his meal too.

They ate with light conversation, Derek talking about his work and Stiles handing over his phone to show off the pack’s messages he’d gotten during his day. Times like this were one of his favorites; they had an arrangement and they both knew that but when they were just eating dinner and chatting, Alpha could pretend they were something more. He didn’t know