two are disgusting.” Stiles said. “Now would you all get out of the way so I can go say hi?”

“Can we come?” Scott asked. “We want to meet him.”

“No! Not yet. Gosh. You think the dude can handle all four of you at once?” Stiles shook his head.

“He was a Marine,” Isaac pointed out. “I think it’s probable.”

“Just shut up,” Stiles begged and squeezed past his friends. He strode down the short hall to get to the bar and slid onto the stool beside Derek’s. “Hey.”

Derek turned and smiled. Gosh, that smile was amazing. “Hey.” He replied. “I know I’m a little early...”

“No, it’s good. You can taste all the beer peanuts you want.” Stiles nodded to the glass bowl to the right of Derek. “They’re pretty tasty, actually.”

“Are they?” Derek looked suspiciously at the bowl. “They look off to me.”

“You can tell if a peanut is off by looking at it? Dude, hardcore.” Stiles teased. “I need to take you everywhere I go.”

Derek snorted and shook his head. “You are so weird. I don’t know why I like you.”

“AH, but you do, in fact, like me.” Stiles grinned.

“Hey!” Scott suddenly popped up opposite of Derek. “I’m Scott McCall, Stiles’ best friend. Nice to meet you Derek.” He smiled and held out his hand. Derek shook it slowly, glancing at Stiles. Stiles didn’t know what his face looked like, but what he was feeling was something between annoyance, rage, and embarrassment.

“It’s nice to meet you too, Scott.” Derek replied. “You’re one of the band members, right?”

“Yeah! The lead guitarist.” Scott nodded and motioned behind Stiles, who looked back and almost banged his head against the bar out of exasperation. “And that’s Kira, pianist slash second bassist (and my awesome girlfriend), Isaac, our lead bassist, and Allison, the vocalist. Along with Stiles, We’re The Wolf Pack.” Scott finished with a proud grin.

“The Wolf Pack?” Derek once again looked at Stiles, but this time with a smile. “That’s the name of your band?”

Stiles looked away, feeling slightly foolish. It was a name he had come up with out of the blue one day a few years back, as the five of them had been sitting in Scott’s garage, trying to come up with a band name. For some reason, it had stuck. “Yeah,” he murmured, his face feeling hot.

“I like it.” Derek said. “It’s cool.” Stiles looked up and responded to Derek’s smile with one of his own. Most of the time, whenever people heard the name, they laughed; but Derek seemed to genuinely like it.

“Thanks.”

“It’s almost time for us to go on,” Isaac informed the group. “We’ve only got five minutes.” Stiles had thought about throttling Isaac for always being the practical one before, but especially now he would have liked to knock him out.

“Well, I’m excited,” Derek said, and stood up, immediately followed by a less-than-graceful Stiles. “All possible bias aside, you guys really do have great music.”

“You really think so?” Kira smiled. “Thank you! We’ve worked really hard.”

“I think it shows,” Derek assured her. He looked at Stiles. “I’m going to move closer, so I can see you guys better.” He smiled again and Stiles felt his heart flip in his chest.

“Okay, yeah.” Really. Okay, yeah? Nice one Stiles. Derek didn’t seem to mind the brief acknowledgement, though, because he nodded and moved toward a table. Stiles made to follow, but Scott put a hand on his shoulder.

“Kind of need you on stage, buddy.”

“Oh, right... I’m the drummer.” Stiles frowned.

“Yeah,” Scott said slowly, and laughed. “Man, you really are smitten.”

That woke Stiles up from his haze. “Smitten? Smitten? Where did you hear that? Grandma’s Dictionary of Outdated Terms?”

“Shut up. You are. You can’t stop looking over there. And he can’t seem to stop looking at you either.” Scott retorted. “I’d say you two are the definition of smitten.”

“I still think it’s a stupid word,” Stiles muttered.

“Too bad. Because you are.”

“You’re a jerk.”

“Maybe, but for sure we’re going to be late on stage! Get moving!” Scott pushed Stiles toward the entrance to the stage.

Stiles stumbled forward and very much hoped Derek hadn’t seen. “Fine! Fine