's got his eyes squinched shut and is bleeding copiously down his shirtfront. Isaac clearly wants to be comforting, but is also turning green at the sight, so Derek puts a hand on his shoulder and turns him gently away.

“Go get some ice.” Isaac nods in obvious relief, and runs for the coolers.

“Stiles?”

“Yesh?” Stiles squints open an eye.

“Can you take your hand down for a second?”

Stiles looks at him dubiously, but obeys. There's a freely bleeding cut across the bridge of his nose, and based on the amount of blood still pouring down his chin and shirt, it's definitely broken, but it looks clean and straight, so Derek smiles reassuringly. “You're gonna be ok.”

Stiles rolls his eyes. “Duh. It'th jutht my noth. I'm fine.”

Isaac reappears beside him, pushing an ice-pack against his elbow just as Melissa arrives to take Stiles' chin in her hand, turning his face into the fading sun.

“Supposed to catch it with your glove, not your face, kid.”

“Har har.” Stiles seems surprisingly calm for how much he's bleeding, but what does Derek know about human pain tolerance. Maybe he's in shock. “Am I gonna live?”

Melissa laughs, which makes the sheriff's face relax where it's appeared over Stiles' shoulder.

“Yeah, you'll be fine. You didn't look like you blacked out at all...”

“Nope, thaw every moment of it.”

“Good, so, you shouldn't have a concussion.” She makes a sad face at him, wiping some of the blood off the bridge of his nose with the edge of her sleeve. “But I think you need a couple stitches.”

Stiles makes a face, then clearly instantly regrets it as the expression pulls at his nose. “Thitches? I hate thitches.”

Melissa pats his hand as he starts to struggle to his feet, raising the ice pack Isaac handed him to his face. “I know, kid. But you've got a pretty good cut there, and you should get it looked at anyway, make sure everything's set right. It looks pretty straight to me, but it'd be better to get it checked under real light.”

Stiles tips his head to one side, then the other, as Laura pours some water over him, rinsing away the worst of the blood as he holds the dish-toweled ice pack to his face.

“I'll take him.”

The sheriff and Melissa exchange a glance, then nod. John leans down to look Stiles in the eye.

“You want me to come?”

“Nah.” Stiles smiles a hideous blood-smeared grin at his father. “Derek can take me. You guys should stay here and do the sparklers, go for a swim. We'll be back for ice cream.”

“You're sure, hon?” Laura's got a hand on Stiles' arm, which probably accounts for a little of the loopiness in his eyes. Derek's always been told having a wolf take your pain results in a little bit of a euphoric feeling.

Stiles nods carefully, rising to a crouch, then steadying himself against his father as he gets upright. “Yeah, it'th fine.” He transfers his balance from John to Derek, winding his free hand into Derek's shirt. “C'mon, thourwolf. You have to hold my hand while they thitch me up.” He shudders, but starts walking toward the Camaro, dragging Derek along behind him, moving slowly but without hesitation.

--

The drive to the hospital takes less than 15 minutes, even with Derek being careful to avoid the potholes. It's mostly empty when they arrive, still late in the afternoon, and the nurse takes one look at them before holding out her hand for Stile's insurance card and ID.

“Brother or boyfriend?” She flicks her eyes at Derek, pulling up a visitor sticker.

“Uhmm...”

“Boyfriend, alright then. Here, put this on your shirt.” She hands it over, and Derek takes it wordlessly, peeling off the back and palming it over his heart. She hands Stiles his paperwork and gestures them over to a chair to wait for the doctor.


They get called back relatively quickly, shuffled into an exam corner with the curtain pulled. The doctor is young, business-like. She reminds Derek of Kira, the way Kira will be in another 10 years, cheerful but brisk, energy honed to a precise carefulness. She pulls the ice pack away, winces sympathetically, and prods gently at Stiles' face.


“Baseball?”

“Yeth.”

She laughs, hands him a box of tissues. “Go ahead and blow it out, if you can. I need to look at the inside.” Stiles blows. “Yeah, both of my brothers did this. Yours looks nice and clean though, we'll just get you stitched up and on your way.” She smiles,