room.

Derek’s kneeling with his hands modestly covering his genitals in front of the blue chair when she walks in, though slightly off center. Chances were he was trying to get her angry enough to use the paddle on him, but she isn’t mad. Her directions didn’t say to kneel centered. He’s still in the grey henley he wore to her apartment, but his pants are folded neatly to his left. No underwear apparently, she notes. 

She drops the pen and notebook on the chair in front of him, and Derek breaks his stare with the leg of the chair to finally look up at her. He opens his mouth to say something, but fumbles through a few vague word-sounding noises before he shuts it again. Allison bites down on a smile and squeezes his shoulder lightly. It’s fine that he can’t talk. That’s why she uses the notebook for his visits. 

Allison leaves him to it and goes back for the bowl she left in the kitchen before heading over to her bedroom and her ensuite bathroom. She fills the bowl halfway with lukewarm water and sets it on her end table by her bed. She had to clear off a few knick-knacks and pictures, but that was okay; she didn’t mind. Before she leaves the room completely she changes into a tank top and sweats, mostly for comfort but partially because she was wearing a skirt before and she didn’t actually want Derek’s penis rubbing up against her bare lap. 

When she heads back into the living room Derek has removed his henley and centered himself in front of the blue chair. The notebook is offered in front of him on the chair like a present, and when Allison picks it up it’s mostly full of scribbles, but there’s a distinct “hands-wet-hard" in the center (directions) and the word “alpha" boxed in the lower right (safe word. It’s been the same one since they started the arrangement). 

"Stand up and carry your clothing to my bedroom. Leave the clothes where you’d like when you’re in there, and then stand and wait for me in front of my end table with the big green bowl resting on it." 

Derek gets up without looking at her and does exactly that. Allison counts to deux cents before she follows him in.

He’s looking shy and nervous, which looks strange on a man of his size and musculature, but he meets her eyes when she comes in and shuts and locks the bedroom door behind her (it’d be a little too strange for her father to see, she thinks). Allison sits on the edge of her bed, her knees knocking against Derek’s thighs, and pats her lap gently as an invitation. Derek’s on her in an instant, his ass high in the air and his face pressed tightly to her mattress, and Allison might have laughed at his silent insistence if she didn't know how bad Derek was hurting for a spanking. 

Allison takes her time with the bowl of water. She wouldn’t admit it to a soul, but she likes the careful and measured work of transferring handfuls of water to Derek’s ass (and what an ass it is). The touching part is definitely a bonus, but she saves that for times when she’s by herself with her hands and maybe a toy or two; it’s Derek’s time, not hers. 

"Please," he whispers into her comforter, impatient, and Allison playfully flicks the side of his ass in response, but she puts the bowl back on the end table anyway. It is probably wet enough. She wets her own hands for good measure anyway—Derek would hate it if she didn’t—and plants one right on his right cheek. He isn’t expecting it and he barely cuts off a yelp when she quickly follows it up with a sharp slap to his left.

For a while there’s just the sound of her hand hitting his ass, Derek’s harsh pants, and the occasional water swirl when she reaches into the bowl to wet her hand again. The first bit is always rough, when he hasn’t quite fallen into himself yet and keeps trying to tell himself he doesn’t need it in his head, even though he’s well aware that he does. 

Allison knows the point he lets himself have it. His back rolls downward in tidal a wave of relaxation and he practically melts into her lap before she delivers another hit and he lets out a quiet, pained noise. It scared her so bad the first time she got to this point with Derek that she stopped, like the time she discovered a dirty story online when she was twelve and felt heat pool into her stomach. She’d stopped because she thought she’d given herself an orgasm of all things, instead of just being turned on for the first time. Hindsight was funny that way.

She switches over to her left hand (it’s never as accurate but it