me for a little bit in junior high.”



“Yeah, but…” Derek trails off, and Stiles watches him, waiting for him to continue. “It’s not the same. I mean, my brother and sisters and I… I mean, God,” he laughs suddenly, his eyes crinkling up, “we nearly killed each other sometimes, but at the end of the day, I always had them. They’d been there my whole life, and I’d been there all of theirs, and that was the way it would be.” He smiles fondly, clearly lost in remembrance. “There’s just something special about that.” 



“I mean, I guess?” Stiles shoves the last of the bread in his mouth, chewing thoughtfully. “I’d have to take your word for it, though. Both my parents were onlys, and Scott’s always been as close as I could imagine, so…” He rolls his head on his neck for a minute, working out a kink before facing Derek again. “Can’t miss what you’ve never had.”



Derek looks at him for a long moment, then shakes his head and smiles faintly before he pushes his chair back. “I think we both know that’s not true.”



--



Stiles leans back in his chair and watches as Derek moves around the kitchen, his motions well-practiced as he wraps the bread in a towel and covers the rest of the soup. He feels like he should probably help, but it’s honestly all he can really do to sit with his legs stretched out and his hands on his food baby; it’s the best he’s eaten in longer than he cares to think about, and part of him wants to fall asleep at the table and only get woken up for dessert.



The other part of him doesn’t want to miss a minute with Derek, though, so he forces himself upright, grabbing both of their bowls and carrying them over to the dishwasher. The cabin continually surprises him, he thinks as he loads the bowls into the top rack and drops the spoons into the silverware basket. From the outside it just looks like your standard mountain man cabin, though maybe a bit bigger than most, but inside the wood gleams, the hearth roars, colorful rugs litter the floors, and discreet mod cons hide in tasteful corners. He wonders, and not for the first time, what exactly it is that Derek is doing out here, and where/how he got the money to build this place. 



“Hey,” Derek says, and Stiles looks up to find Derek much closer than he’d realized. “You want to come feed Lupe with me?”



“Yeah,” Stiles breathes, and he’s honestly not even sure what he’s agreeing to other than dark hair and iridescent eyes and a charmingly imperfect grin, but he does at least manage to shut the dishwasher before he follows Derek to the door, so he’s counting that as a win.



--



The barn is a little way out from the house, but the path between the two is well-trodden. There’s a coil of rope anchored to the corner of the house nearest the path, and Stiles eyes it curiously as they walk out. 



It’s cold, but not as cold as the night before; the sky is low and hazy with clouds, the air still and damp. It’s a pause in the storm, but from having looked at his phone before he drove out yesterday morning, Stiles thinks a pause is all it is. The barometric pressure pushes on his skin even as the snow crunches under his boots. 



The barn isn’t as big as Stiles had expected, but it’s not a farm, he rationalizes, so it’s not like Derek is keeping cows out here or something. It’s built as solidly and as well as the house itself; warm inside, and filled with the smells of animals. Derek immediately walks over to Lupe, who is hanging her long face over her stall door, whuffing through her nostrils in impatience for him to get over here and rub her nose already. Stiles trails behind, feeling a little out of place. 



“Hey, c’mere,” Derek says, and holds out a hand. “Come say hi; she’ll be glad to see you.”



Stiles doubts that, honestly, but he walks obediently over, narrowly avoiding stepping on a curious barn kitten who swipes bad-temperedly at his pant leg. 



“Punk,” he says to the kitten, dodging its claws, “is this… one of Sweetie’s?”



“Maybe? Or maybe a sibling or cousin,” Derek frowns, “I’ve never been sure if he was an abandoned pet or a particularly friendly feral. Lots of people around here have barn cats, and they just run wild.” He shrugs, and takes Stiles’ hand to lay it on Lupe’s nose. “The ones that show up on my property I take in to get fixed, but there’s a never