find your own John or Mary and just decide to be happy, instead of looking your whole life for one person.” She rolled her eyes. “Or else name you something completely ridiculous, so that there wouldn't be any doubt when you met your match. Goodluck, or Elvis, or Lancelot. Theolinda for your sisters” She laughed again, gathering the papers in front of her into a stack and setting them aside so she could reach out and ruffle his hair. “I carried you for nine months and gave birth to you, so I named you what I wanted to.” She smiled, cupping his cheek with her warm, callused hand. “My cousin was named Derek, and I always liked it. So, Derek you are.”

He'd smiled back at her, pulling his sleeve down over the name on his wrist, believing with the faith of the young that Czcibór would turn up sooner, rather than later.

–

Paige had come first, and that was okay. They were young, and it was expected that you would date someone who was not your name-mate, maybe a couple someones. It was like practice, a dry run. Learn how to be a considerate partner, how to date, how to navigate around another person's wants and needs and schedule. He had ended up liking her kind of a lot, more, he thinks, than he was supposed to, and it had hit him hard when Jakobe had moved into their school the next year and shyly revealed the delicate  Paige  scrawled across his skin, complete with a tenor clef. Derek had rolled his eyes in public, because  sheesh , talk about overkill, but... it had stung.

Possibly that lingering hurt is what had made him so amenable to Kate when she had turned up, all long legs and blond hair and intoxicating perfume dabbed into her exquisite cleavage. He'd wanted to show that it didn't matter, that Paige's dreamy expression and shiny new ring were irrelevant to him. After all, he had Czcibór waiting somewhere. Kate was just a distraction in the meantime. It didn't matter that she wasn't his. It didn't matter that they weren't fated. Who cared about fate? They were fucking, and it was good, and it was fun, and it was everything he'd ever wanted and yet nothing he wanted at all.

It didn't matter.  It didn't matter. 

--

“Oh, Christ on a cracker.” Stiles runs his fingers through his hair, managing to make even more of it defy the laws of gravity.

“Hmm?” Derek turns the page in his book. Captain America's being noble, and Spiderman's a whiny bitch. It's good stuff.

Stiles makes a disgruntled noise and drops his pencil onto his desk with a clatter.

“They want me to use my legal name on the application.”

Derek thinks about this for a moment. He doesn't know why it's never occurred to him to think about it, but no, of course 'Stiles' can't be his real name. Interesting.

“Why is that a problem?”

Stiles turns in his chair to face him, flexing his long fingers and shaking out his wrists.

“I got them to put Stiles as my name on my driver's license, which means I don't have any photo ID with my legal name on it, and they want me to have some.” His wide mouth is turned down at the corners, his eyes tired.

Yep, that's a complication, Derek thinks. He wonders which deputy Stiles bribed, wheedled, or cajoled into letting him use a nickname on his license.

“What's your legal name?”

Stiles waves a hand dismissively.

“It's a family name. Unpronounceable. I'm pretty sure even my dad can't say it right.”

Derek chuckles, leaning over on one elbow and resettling the book.

“Sucks for you. Stilinski's bad enough.”

“Don't I know it.” Stiles sticks out his tongue, but it's half-hearted. They like each other now, and the knowledge is warm in Derek's belly. “Stilinski's not even the original form. It was one of those ones that got butchered at Ellis Island cause the 'Murican intake officers couldn't spell Polish names.”

“Oh yeah? What was it?” Derek's genuinely intrigued now. He's got a couple of those in his family tree. Had a couple, anyway.

“Oh god,” Stiles rolls his eyes again, “it was something truly atrocious. I don't blame the officers at all. I think it was...” he screws up his face in concentration, “ Styczyński .”

Derek blinks.

“Wow. You weren't kidding. How many vowels does that even have?”

Stiles' wicked grin splits his face.

“One. Right at the very end.” He flings himself out of the chair and stumbles over his throw rug on his way to