, and shooting guns several years before that, but it took a turn towards different when they walked further into the woods than they normally did, into a clearing. She handed him a gun loaded with a single wolfsbane-filled bullet, and Chris’s mom and uncle Jim brought out a scared looking boy not much older than him. Chris shot his first werewolf that day, and he was never able to replicate the power surge, the happiness swirling in his gut, and the smile on his dad’s face again. At least, not until he met Victoria.

He smelled her long before he saw her, an unhappy scent saturated with overripe cantaloupe and stale cookies. A minute or so later, a car pulled up next to the house right next door that the Harris’s had vacated a few months ago. Her dad came out of the car first, then her mom, and Chris’s breath nearly caught in his throat when an angry sparkplug of a girl flew out of the car with her suitcase trailing behind her, short red pony-tail brushing the top of her neck. And Chris started his senior year of high school smitten with the girl next door. 

The first day they met they were dragging trash barrels to the edge of the street before school, and Chris told her to take his too. She punched him in the mouth instead, and Chris couldn’t stop smiling about it all day, even if it pulled his scab loose every time. A little blood was nothing when his heart was soaring that high. 

Chris wanted to be Victoria’s alpha, but he’d missed most of the dating stuff the other alphas and omegas did and he wasn’t sure how to ask. It was like all those years of not caring about that stuff hit him all at once, and he couldn’t do anything but lay on his bed with the window open, hoping to catch a whiff of her scent. Every once in a while he’d get so wound up he had to jerk-off, and he’d forgotten the scent thing worked both ways until he caught her omega dad frowning at him on their way to work or school. Chris had been a little more careful to make sure there was a strong breeze blowing in at least, if he was too lazy to toe his fan on before he handled his meat. 

His dad hadn’t been too happy about the lazing around he was doing instead of schoolwork, sports, or hunting, but once he found out it was over an omega, he softened a bit. Chris was glad about that. The alpha thing was losing its novelty and his dad had been slowly paying more attention to his younger sister, Kate, and Chris didn’t like not having the steady support his dad had offered. Giving his dad another reason to pull away was a bit disheartening. 

They didn’t actually officially meet until a few weeks later, when Chris got a bad test score in school and decided the best way to vent his frustration was to take one of his dad’s rifles into their backyard to shoot at a few clay pigeons he hung on a couple of nails sticking out of piece of upright plywood. After a few hits, and an embarrassing number of misses, Victoria came out of her house smelling like cinnamon candiea and gun oil, wearing nothing but a tight tank top and shorts that barely covered the bottom of her ass, and asked to try it out. Her family hunted—deer—and she hadn’t been able to go out to a shooting range in a while—she missed it. Chris handed over the rifle without a moment’s hesitation, his palms suddenly sweaty, and he had to adjust himself a couple times when she cleaned out five of the pigeons with four shots. He had no doubt she could smell the arousal on him, but he was just too happy to care. 

He asked her out the next day because he was too chicken to do it earlier, standing like an idiot on her front porch dressed in the nicest casual clothes he owned. Her mom laughed at him when she opened the door, but called for her daughter anyway, and Victoria ran down the stairs from her room looking pleased to see him. She asked him if he minded that she wasn’t always obedient—she’d work on it a little if he wanted it more, but it didn’t come naturally—and the lump in Chris’s throat climbed so high he couldn’t say anything but, “You’re perfect.” Victoria punched him in the arm for that—no one was perfect, she said—but she did it with a smile on her face and not a second after, she pushed Chris against her front door to give him the second, and best, kiss he’d ever gotten. 

Dating wasn’t easy. Victoria really was a loud, disobedient omega, and she made no excuses about it, but some days Chris had an itch burning under his skin and needed to put her on her knees, and she didn’t go willingly.