it, his cell phone forgotten, but he feels a claw scratch the back of his neck before he gets two feet, and then something hits his head, and everything goes dark.

Stiles wakes up to the smell of something rotten burning.  He chokes and coughs and realizes pretty fast that he’s still paralyzed from the neck down.  He’s not sure if it’s still the same venom in his veins (in which case he’s been out less than two hours, probably), or if they’ve dosed him again.  His head is throbbing.  

When he opens his eyes, it takes a couple seconds for his vision to de-blur.  He’s still in the McKinley’s basement; someone has propped him up against the wall, so that he’s not just lying on the floor, staring at the ceiling like a paralyzed lump.  A few feet in front of him, Lydia is lying on her side in a fetal position, maybe unconscious, maybe paralyzed or worse.  Stiles stifles the urge to call out to her, because Gerard Argent is right behind her, and maybe he hasn’t realized that Stiles is awake yet, since he’s busy carefully slitting the kanima’s throat.  

Wait—no, not its throat.  There’s no blood, and Gerard actually seems to be cutting at a place closer to where the thing’s ear might be. The kanima is craning its neck to give him better access, and Gerard holds a bowl under the cut, collecting the venom that pours out from the gland.   

Allison and Derek are both sitting against the wall to Stiles’ left, both unconscious, both with tied wrists.  There’s dried blood on Allison’s forehead, and Derek looks like someone beat him to within an inch of his life.  Which actually gives Stiles a reason to be hopeful, since it means that not enough time has passed down here for his wounds to heal.  Unless Grandpop has a secret way to block werewolf healing abilities, but if he was gonna do that, then why not just kill Derek?

For that matter, if you’re a rogue werewolf hunter who’s using a teenaged girl as a catalyst to bring a crazy psycho killer back from the dead, why not kill everyone in this room.  Stiles suspects that he’s looking for too much logic here.

Stiles tries to take stock of every creepy detail that he can.  Next to Lydia, there’s a small stone altar with someone’s flaming head perched on it--Stiles assumes that’s where the awful stench is coming from.  There’s also a salad bowl filled with blood.  

Gerard gives the kanima’s head a pat before standing, having apparently gotten all the venom he needs.  He looks right at Stiles and smiles a kindly grandpa smile.  “I see someone’s awake.  How’s your head?”

“Is that Gale McKinley’s blood?”

“Very good.  You’re quick.”  As he talks, Gerard takes his mini-bowl of kanima venom and pours it into the larger bowl of blood, stirring them together along with some kind of magic powder he takes out of his jacket pocket.  Yummy.  “I would have expected Hale to go for his nephew, or one of your friends perhaps, for the ritual revenge kill.  But I suppose that if I’m using Peter’s teenaged spirit, I also get whatever grudges he had at that age.”  

“Right, yeah, makes perfect sense.” It’s a pretty strange sensation, to be straining with all his might to move a muscle without getting any results.  Stiles can feel himself breaking out into a sweat.  

“Now, if you’ll excuse me.”  Gerard politely inclines his head in Stiles’ direction and picks up the most foul bowl of cake batter on the planet, chanting softly in a language that Stiles doesn’t recognize.  

And then of course there’s the walking and the chanting, and the drizzling of the blood/venom mixture on the floor in a big circle while chanting, and Stiles has seen this ritual on TV like a thousand times.  Boring and unoriginal, although Stiles has to award points for the dismembered head burning in the background.  He asks as many annoying questions as he can think of, trying to goad Gerard into interrupting his own spell, but no dice.  Gerard is super professional and his chanting rhythm never even stutters.

Stiles switches his focus to waking up his co-prisoners.  “Hey, hey guys, evil spell going on here.”  He doesn’t really try to be quiet, considering that they’re all in one big basement and no one can move without being seen or heard by all of them.  

Allison’s eyelids flutter open, and Derek groans.  He’s got super smell, how the hell has the disgusting scent of burning human flesh not woken him up already?  Fuck—just how bad of a number did the kanima do on him during that fight?  

The fight, Stiles remembers, that Derek got into because Stiles was arguing with him.