. You’re fucking awful to me and last time? If Scott hadn’t been there that drawer would have smashed my face into a million pieces, so excuse me for being pissed off. I don’t care how much you need it and I don’t care that you get off on pain and punishment, and I especially don’t care about how much you hate yourself for it. You’ve fucked it over tough guy, so what’s it going to be now?” 

Stiles pushed his palm against Jackson’s sternum, and when Jackson didn’t answer, he asked again with another jab. 

Jackson’s heart was beating so hard in his chest, and he didn’t think he could breathe. This wasn’t supposed to be how this went at all, and Stiles was being such a. Such an asshole. His eyes started to prickle, and shifted his hand enough to dig his nails into his thigh because he won’t fucking cry in front of Stiles—he didn’t deserve to see how much that hurt him. 

“What’s. It. Going. To. Be.” 

The retort was at the end of his tongue, the angry bitter feelings so close to escaping, but Jackson just swallowed and looked away as he felt wet tears spilling out of his eyes. He was so fucking humiliated, and he was pretty sure he was going to throw up if he had to look at Stiles one more time like this.

Stiles sighed exasperatedly, like he went to change a baby’s diaper and figured out just how much shit was in it, and Jackson angrily swiped at the tear tracks on his face. 

“No, don’t you fucking cry—you don’t get to cry.” 

“What, you’ve got a monopoly on feelings now?” Jackson voice cracked as he said it, and the entire column of his throat shifted with the effort to keep himself from screaming, or sobbing like a little baby. He pushed his nails into his leg harder to keep from punching something. 

‘Or someone,’ Jackson thought, when Stiles laughed something bitter and condescending. 

“A monopoly? No, you’d have to admit to having something other than anger, narcissism, and feelings about how poofy your hair is, but here’s the deal Jackson. No one cares about you Jackson, and lord knows why Danny sticks around because you can’t expect him to actually like you, right? You don’t even like you.” 

Hell. Why should he keep himself from doing anything at all to a sick fuck who deserved it? Jackson’s fist connected with Stiles’ face with a satisfyingly hollow thunking sound. His vision was so blurry from the tears that he misjudged Stiles’ retaliation, and he got a knee in the crotch for his effort instead of the punch back like he was expecting.

Jackson went down to his hands and knees immediately, and his desperate gasps for air made it impossible to swallow down the bile rising in his throat from the pain. He retched, and he couldn’t even get a hand around his gut because Stiles dropped down and locked his elbows into a well placed hold; no matter how much he struggled he couldn’t do anything but bring his knees up to try and ease the ache. He hoped Stiles got puke on himself trying to keep Jackson down, at least. 

Jackson got in a few shuddering breaths without heaving and said, “You fucker,” his voice catching on the fricative, and Stiles apparently deemed that a sign of Jackson being well enough to continue, because he forced Jackson to roll over. He was nice enough to make sure they cleared a good distance from Jackson’s mess before Stiles settled over him and started grappling for control. 

He wasn’t able to lock Jackson’s elbows this time, and the pain in Jackson’s gut had lessened enough that Stiles couldn’t easily get him into that position again. Unless he grabbed his balls anyway, but Stiles didn’t try. 

Jackson rolled on top and threw an arm across Stiles’ throat with enough pressure to keep him from sucking in a breath. Instead of scowling or biting out some scathing remark, Stiles only blinked up blearily and put an unsteady hand on Jackson’s arm to try and roll them back over again, and Jackson went easily. 

This was embarrassing. Stiles was slower than Jackson had seen and his reactions were delayed—Jackson was pretty sure he gave him a concussion—and yet Jackson was underneath him more often than he was on top. 

Jackson stopped trying to shift Stiles off of him, and Stiles settled across Jackson’s hipbones. The heady warmth in his bones he hadn’t felt since before Scott had walked in on them made him feel limp, loose, and the hard, desperate look in Stiles’ eyes was back. 

Stiles carefully drew his fist back, his eyes staring deep in Jackson, and Jackson’s toes curled in his sneakers, his legs twitched underneath Stiles’ weight.

Oh fuck oh fuck oh—fuck. His cheek got caught