was being touched if he was quiet about it, didn’t show it on his face.

He had to be cool about this. Those hands were roaming his ass as if to say they were getting impatient with him, for whatever reason. So he nodded his head and let go of the bar to pull his hoodie off, holding it in front of him and latching onto the metal once more, playing it off as if he was just a little hot. Quite an understatement but Scott didn’t have to know. “Hm? Mhmm, I’m good.”

What, what? Oh shit he wasn’t, he couldn’t – those hands had begun to tug at his jeans. A firm chest pressed up against his back, so much bigger than he was, he could do anything in this moment. Ever so carefully, Stiles moved his free hand to unbutton the front of his jeans and pull down his zipper, giving this pervert enough so that he could shove his hand down the back of Stiles’ jeans. It must have looked so awkward with some massive person right behind him but Scott didn’t seem fazed, continuing to chat with him about school. The conversation was already lost on Stiles though, blinking slowly because he had to keep his eyes open but fuck, this stranger’s fingers were rubbing his ass so tenderly now that he’d got his way. Snaking his hand under Stiles’ loose boxers to knead at the soft skin underneath, the stranger probably knew by now that Stiles wouldn’t fight back.

Fuck, why would he? This felt amazing, albeit not the right place or time, but he took what he could get. It’s been a dry few months with his ex leaving him and going back to his hand but this right now was so much better than all the time he spent with his ex combined. When the pads of the stranger’s fingers brushed over his hole, Stiles clenched up and had to cough a little to hide his shaky moan from Scott. Damn it, he hadn’t prepared himself for this because it wasn’t like he was expecting to be felt up on the train.

It seems the stranger had the same thought going through his head, pulling his hand out from Stiles’ jeans and leaving the teen bare to wonder what was going to happen next. A couple seconds passed, a minute, Stiles wanted to desperately to turn around and see if the guy was backing out of this, to tell him to hurry up, he only had a few more stations left until it was his stop. He flinched when the hand was back but relaxed once more and paid attention to Scott, there was a slick feeling against his ass and he gulped because oh fuck he knew what that was. Apparently this pervert came prepared with lube, rubbing his twitching hole until it was slick enough for him to slip a couple fingers inside. “Uhn –.”

“Stiles?” Scott touched Stiles’ arm making the teen jump a little, tightening around the digit inside him. Of course his friend would be worried; he was spacing out, panting softly and failing to keep his eyes open at times, just nodding along with everything he was saying. He thought Stiles was getting sick or claustrophobic but the truth was too humiliating to talk about so he let Scott believe he was struggling with the small amount of space available. It was easy to play off considering his ADHD but he was being watched more which was something he was worried about.

Never mind that though because the finger inside him started to thrust, getting deep inside him and god he feels like he was going to cum right then and there. This pervert was certainly good with his hands, for a moment Stiles wondered how many people he’s played around with on the train. He wasn’t going to last long with one thick finger becoming two and stretching his hole wide. He tightening his grip on the bar and hugged his hoodie closer to himself as he took every thrust of the stranger’s digits, his knees practically buckling when they crooked right into his sweet spot. Oh god, oh fuck, he was going to cum. “Don’t worry Stiles, we’re getting off soon.”


The next station is –


His cock pulsed in his boxers, almost begging him to cum. Those fingers deeper, rubbing his just right and fuck he wished this could go on forever because it felt so good and he was going to jizz in his pants like a fucking virgin. Well, he was a virgin, but that’s beside the point. Holding his weight up with the bar, the stranger kept going, and going and oh – “Mmm!”

And then it was over. Digits pulled out and he was left on the brink of cumming, shaking and breathing stuttered. Stiles waited for what felt like hours in case the stranger was just getting more lube but no, he was apparently finished. He felt a little nudge against his ass but that was it, the fucker. Composing himself by ever so carefully zipping himself up and buttoning his jeans, he