, Bobby Finstock, Natalie Martin. He clears his throat, unfolds his paper.



“I would like to request the Council's permission” he pauses, looks around at the expectant expressions. “I would like to request the Council's permission to cross through the woods and go to the towns.” He can hear the collective intake of breath around the room, so he rushes forward, opening his hands in front of him. “I wish to go to the towns and collect medicines for our benefit. Cora's death could have been prevented. I want to spare us this pain again. Surely they cannot deny us such simple needs. Surely we have something we can give them in return.” He realizes he's raised his voice, and drops his hands, folding them in front of himself as he waits for the murmured furor to die down.



“What madness is this? This boy is a fool! He's got nothing between his ears but butterflies and daffodils!” Finstock is sputtering, his hands pressed to the surface of the large wooden table as he hovers half out of his chair. “He'd put us all in danger just because he's too big of a confounded idiot to not be afraid? I won't have it! You hear me? I won't!”



“Now, Bobby, settle down.” The sheriff's voice cuts through the din, and his weathered hand on Finstock's shoulder pushes the man reluctantly back into his seat. “Let's discuss this properly. We owe the boy that much.” He smiles kindly at Derek, and looks over at his wife. “Melissa, is it true? Could Cora Hale's death have been prevented?”



Silence falls as Nurse McCall tucks a strand of her dark hair behind an ear.



“It's hard to say, really.” Whispers begin to rise again. She spreads her hands in a calming gesture, and speaks up. “These things are never sure. It is possible, had we certain drugs, that we could have countered the infection, or lowered her fever enough that she could have fought it off. However, medicine is never a guarantee. Her condition was serious, and medicines from the towns may have made little or no difference.”



Noshiko Yukimura speaks next, her soft voice slicing through the quiet rustling. “What percentage of the ailments which you treat do you believe could be helped by a wider selection of medicines? Do you frequently treat patients who would benefit from outside involvement?”



Melissa thinks for a moment, then rolls her shoulders in thought. “Again, it's hard to say. On the one hand, the towns have medicines to remove pain, to treat minor illnesses. Certainly we could use those, but they are not necessary, either. Simply convenient. In terms of medicines that would make a substantial difference in the patient's health or well-being? Maybe once or twice a year.”



“So, you would say that you have seen cases where medicines would have made a substantial difference approximately fifteen times between the founding of the town and today? That is correct?”



Melissa tips her head side to side before nodding. “Yes, I think that's a reasonable approximation. And of course, we must also remember that though they may have made a difference, in all but Cora's case, the patients did eventually recover.”



“I believe I could travel there in a day, and then travel back as soon as my business was completed. If I go in the daylight, unarmed, I do not think that the Hunters will do me harm.” The group is talking amongst themselves, so he raises his voice. “Please. Let me do this on our behalf.”



The sheriff bangs his hand on the table, bringing the sounds in the room to an abrupt halt. He stands, smiles at Derek kindly.



“Derek, we appreciate you bringing this concern to us. I'm sure you understand that we must discuss this amongst ourselves.” Derek nods. Whether he understands or not is irrelevant. The Council will take their time. “We will let you know when we've reached a decision.”



Stilinski sits back down, and Derek dips his head. He's been dismissed.



–



Derek finds Stiles two days later sitting on the edge of his porch, kicking his legs back and forth and raising a cloud of dust. Stiles' face turns unerringly to track Derek's progress as he comes to settle next to him on the bare boards, but he's uncharacteristically quiet, his wide mouth stubbornly shut as Derek sits beside him. The only sound is the repetitious thud-thud-thud of Stiles' dirty bare heels against the wood and the soft whoosh of their breaths.



Derek waits.



“They found another one.” Stiles' voice is tight and quiet, and Derek reaches out a hand to rub up and down Stiles' back like he would when they were children.



“Another what?”



“Another body. A dead body. A rabbit, killed and left in the middle of the