rapidly getting dark, when suddenly she jerked upright. I asked her what was wrong, but then she suddenly ran off, gone before the door had even shut."I'm a curious person naturally, and...well, I have magic. I've used it since I was a child, and so I felt confident in following her to see if she was in trouble. When I got there, however, I was too late. She was dead. "Here's where explaining gets tricky. When a person dies, there is still a bit of life force in them for a moment. The werewolf that killed her had left right away, and so I acted quickly. I used a spell, called gedælan. It's hard to explain, but what it does is split someone's spirit in half. It takes all of the life force, all of the personality, but only leaves the person with the memory of the thing currently most important to them. When she woke up, the first thing she said was 'Derek.'" 

During the story Laura- if it really was her -had remained silent, but her face was white and her lips trembled. Stiles suddenly felt that it really was her, as he watched her. Her hands reached out as if they were desperate to touch Derek- not in a creepy way, but as if she needed to feel that he was real because of the time spent apart from her only family member. She contained herself, however, and Stiles could tell that she'd thought about this happening a lot in the way that she seemed to know what to do.

"What did you do then?" Derek asked, voice cracking. The girl sighed. 

"She remembered you, but I couldn't find you. She had no memories, and I was scared and just passing through, so I took her with me. We've been living in Oregon for a while. We both got jobs and it was alright- better than before. But then one day, she remembered. It happens after a while when the gedælan spell has been used. She remembered, and so we came back here, hoping we would find you. And here you are." 

"But, I-" Derek seemed at a loss for words. "How am I supposed to trust you on this? I don't even know your name!"

"My name is Michaela LaTorre. And I don't expect you to just trust me. In fact, there's something that I have to tell you right now that may end in you killing me or throwing me out of the house at the very best, but I feel like I ought to tell you."

Laura- or her look-alike- tensed beside her, seeming to be awaiting something. 

Michaela sighed again. "Anyway, I come from a long line of hunters."

The affect was instantaneous. The werewolves all growled, Scott and Erica shifting, and Derek's eyes flashing. No one moved, however, and Michaela seemed surprised. 

"I left because I don't agree with them," she continued hesitantly, eyeing the werewolves warily now that they knew. When she looked at Stiles, he tried to smile reassuringly, hoping it wasn't creepy. "When they found out I had magical abilities, they had me trained. The training was brutal, but I didn't mind, as I enjoyed the learning. But when I turned sixteen, they decided I needed to join them in hunting. Now, all this time I'd been brought up hearing about how terrible werewolves were, but I wasn't convinced they all were. "My first day hunting, nothing happened. We didn't find anything, and I felt so relieved. The second day-" she stopped, taking a deep breath. "There was an omega, a boy, really. He was recently bitten and alone and he was so fucking scared; I could see it in his eyes." She paused again, and Laura reached out, touching her shoulder gently. 

Before, Michaela had seemed to just be telling something that happened. But now, she seemed to be reliving a nightmare, as she shuddered and forced herself to breathe. "They shot him," she continued, "fired into him without thinking twice, without a moment's delay. He fell and I- I ran, I sat by him and looked down at him, and... I lifted his head and sang to him, pulling away his pain with a spell while he cried. He fucking cried. And he was so young."

Stiles couldn't help it. He was up and standing by her before she said the last word. He smiled reassuringly at her again, and she wiped her eyes, laughing a bit hysterically. "We parted ways after that. I couldn't stomach it and they were just- cruel. I traveled here and, well, you heard the rest."

There was silence for quite a while, as each person tried to process the whole thing. 

"If that's