would be amazing." Stiles followed Isaac thankfully.

"Do you want to talk about it?" Isaac asked as they got upstairs. Stiles shook his head. 

"Not really. I'm just...well, extremely tired."

"Okay. I'll leave you to it. Remember, though, I'm here any time. Seriously."

"Thanks, Isaac." Stiles pulled off his shoes and curled up on Isaac's bed. 

"Sleep well," Isaac said, and left, shutting the door softly. Stiles huffed out a breath, resting his head on his folded arm and looking out the window.

"Hey mom," he said quietly. "How's it going? I'm...not good. I feel bad for putting Isaac through this. I really wanna tell him about Uncle Simon, but I'm worried all of his memories will come back and- he's just so happy right now, mom. I can't mess that up." He sighed again, rolling over.

"I'm too tired to talk right now, sorry. I miss you so much, mom."
__

("I'm sorry! I didn't mean to, I promise, Uncle Simon! Please don't hurt me. My arm's still broken-" he cut himself off with a cry as his uncle grabbed his broken arm. Tears ran down his face and his uncle glared at him. 

"I don't care if you meant to or not, you little shit, you still broke the damn cup!"

Stiles flinched away from his uncle's face. He could smell the alcohol on his breath and it scared him.

"Please," he begged, "don't hurt me."

"You're such a baby!" His uncle sneered at him, grabbing his arm and shoving him onto the floor. As the first kick came, Stiles bit his arm to keep from crying out, knowing any sounds would only aggravate his uncle further. 

His uncle only stopped when there was a snap from Stiles' ankle. Stiles couldn't help but cry out, and his uncle picked him up, dragging him to the small pantry and shutting him in. Stiles reached for his leg, his small fingers clutching at his ankle as he cried.)
__

"Hey Stiles, what's up?" Isaac greeted at the door. Stiles smiled weakly at him.

"Nothing. I just have a few books I found that might interest Derek."

Derek appeared in the doorway, quickly relieving Stiles of the large books and setting them on the table. 

"Hey, Stiles," he greeted, smiling. "Do you want to look at them with me?"

Stiles nodded and Isaac looked at the two, feeling a smile grow on his own face as they sat at the table and opened the first book. He leaned against the counter, watching the pair. Stiles was hunched over the book, tracing words with a slender finger as he pointed something out to Derek. Derek's chair was right by Stiles', and he was leaning into him, his gaze drifting away from the book and to Stiles' face more often than not.

Isaac outright grinned, feeling content.

"Do you want any hot cocoa?" He asked the pair. When he got a nod from Stiles, he turned to make it, glancing back every once in a while. 

When he had finished, Derek had gone to get something, and Stiles was studying the book alone. Isaac set the cup down, his hand passing by Stiles face. 

The reaction was instantaneous. Stiles flinched back just like he had before, head turned away from Isaac as if expecting him to hit him. Isaac felt frozen, wondering. 

He turned to see Derek standing in the doorway, his jaw clenched. Stiles quickly recovered himself and resumed reading, reaching for his hot cocoa like nothing had happened. 

"Thanks, Isaac," he said. 

"Any time," Isaac told him, but he wasn't talking about the cocoa.
__

"Your daddy's coming to get you today," Uncle Simon told him. Stiles grinned. 

"Really?" His face fell again, though. "When is mommy's few-foon-"

"Funeral?"

"Yeah."

"Tomorrow. Your dad's coming this evening." 

"Thank you, Uncle Simon." Stiles limped across the room to get a puzzle. His uncle didn't answer. After he'd snapped Stiles' ankle, he'd been drunk almost non-stop and could barely remember a thing. He was trying not to think about when the boy's dad would come to pick him up.)
__

Stiles sighed, closing his laptop. His fingers itched to hold his razor again.
He didn't want to go back to it, but he felt as if he needed to. He felt like he'd go crazy if he didn't.

After a long internal battle, he stood and pulled out his box, taking it into the bathroom. He shut and locked the door behind him before sitting on the stool, pulling