he internally thanked them because it was making Derek’s cock slick, giving him enough to thrust up into the teen’s ass. It was slow with the dog’s heads in the way but Stiles didn’t mind, head lolling back to rest on the man’s shoulder while they all took what they wanted from his body. “Oh fuck…”

Derek hadn’t been sexual by any of his dogs before – or any dog – so it didn’t take much for him to grunt and thrust harder into Stiles, already feeling close. He hadn’t felt like this before; the dogs tongues were nothing like a humans, thicker and more eager to get their treat than caring about who they were giving pleasure to. It felt wrong but in the best of ways, he didn’t want it to stop yet he could feel his balls becoming sensitive from the attention that was being given to them. He kept pounding up into Stiles, hearing the teenager cry out every time he bottomed out inside. Derek couldn’t keep his eyes off the dogs between Stiles’ legs, Cooper keeping his tongue firmly on the tip of the teenager’s dick to get at the stream of precum oozing out. Was it always this sexy?

 

“O-Oh god, ooh… Ooh I’m cumming –.” Stiles whimpered out, his whole body shuddering as he came. Cooper was quick to lap the evidence away and the teen had to hold the boxer’s had away before the tip got oversensitive. His hole was squeezing around Derek’s dick, and he would argue that it was Stiles who brought him over the edge and not Dee insistently licking the base of his dick. It took a couple more thrusts but the man was gone, grunting into Stiles’ shoulder as he came inside, he didn’t think the teenager would mind since he had dogs filling him up daily.

Pulling out of him gently, Derek lifted Stiles up over the step and tucked himself away, clicking at the pack when they came closer. He didn’t know if Stiles was ready for anything right now, he had to make sure. Glancing down, he asked if he was alright but Stiles just rolled onto his back awkwardly on the steps, whining softly with his hand reaching down and spreading his ass wide. Derek couldn’t deny that he wanted to go another round with the teen, especially when a glop of his cum oozed out and slid down his crack. “More… Gimme more, please.”

Well, he couldn’t say no to that.

With another click of his fingers, the pack got into action now they had the go ahead but held off when Sam growled at the other dogs. He took the time to stride forward until he was covering the other dogs from view, licking between Stiles’ legs in order to clean up the cum that leaked out before he mounted his bitch. Stiles was quick to accommodate the retriever’s weight, lifting his legs up to let the furry sheath thrust up against his hole. He could feel the wet doggy cock poking against his hole making him groan because he was so close, Sam’s panting from effort trying to get his cock in. It took a couple thrusts before finally sliding inside but once he was in, Sam was away. “Ohh!”

 “Oh fuck yes, oh good boy” Stiles whined as Sam pounded away inside him, stretching him out once again with doggy cock. He should feel ashamed for letting the dogs do whatever they want with his body but honestly he loved every moment. It was different with each dog he’s spread his legs for; with Russell he was Stiles’ first time and gave him that extra push whenever he needed something other than masturbation, and watching the tiny dog hump away at him, knotting him up and filling him with cum was something that Stiles would call a friday night. He still does, but now with two dogs instead of one. He used to Russell’s cock was huge but he realised that it was only because of the proportions, so when he had his first round with Bluey he was surprised at how stretched he felt, fuck the thought of it now was enough to make him blow his load. His knot, if he knew how good it felt he would have begged his father way earlier. The husky chased his own pleasure, only using Stiles as a cocksleeve and while it was hot to think of himself as a bitch in heat to be used only for doggy cock, he still wanted to feel loved.

So when Sam came along with his need to protect and show Stiles how he belonged to him and not the pack, he couldn’t resist. Along with Derek’s approval, they were definitely something that the teen hadn’t faced before. With Sam things were slower, it was weird to think but compared to the other dogs he’s fucked, the retriever seemed to make love to him instead. Not that he minded, he needed that change when it came to the pace. Different dogs have their own personalities in the bedroom it seems