werewolf he didn’t have a problem hearing anything. 

“I don’t know,” Boyd shrugs. “You pick.” No way was he ruining the surprise by walking straight into the right store.

Suddenly Erica was in front of him, gently taking his hand in hers. 

Her smile is all Boyd can see, the feel of her skin against his is all Boyd can feel and  his heart jumps in response.

“Come on,” Erica says brightly. “I know just what to get you.”

And yeah.

Maybe Boyd is a bit in love. He’s okay with that.

 “Bit too much?” Erica murmurs, heart sinking when she sees Boyd’s raised eyebrows.

“Now I know what you really needed me here for,” Boyd teases but grabs a bunch of paper bags dutifully. “You just keep me around for my strong arms and pretty face.”

“Oh, please. I’ve got the arms myself,” Erica says absentmindedly. Her eyes are already scanning the mall for the next clothing store.

“And the face?” Comes Boyd’s amused voice behind her. 

Erica can feel her heart skip a beat and a blush beginning to form. She doesn’t know how to respond because…

“Relax,” Boyd’s shoulder bumps hers as he comes to stand beside her. “It’s never a chore hanging out with you, you know that.”

Erica manages to croak out a weak affirmative.

“What do you think Jackson will get for Lydia?” Boyd asks, seeming more interested in the food court than anything else. 

“Something stupid,” Erica says.

She’s relieved to have some sense of direction as she sets course for Pizza Hut. 

Boyd manages to sense her general disinterest in the conversation and doesn’t push it further. He’s still walking next to her when some jackass barrels right into her other side, taking most of the bags with him as he falls down.

“Watch it!” she snaps, moving to pick up the bags.

“Sorry, princess-Erica?“ 

That’s… someone from the Lacrosse team, right? Erica’s head whips around and she stares incredulously as this fucking asshole she doesn’t even know crouches back down and sneaks a peek at the contents of the bag closest to him.

He lets out an appreciative whistle as his eyes flicker from the clothes to Erica and back again. 

“You sure these will even fit?” he says with a leer.

She’s one second away from decking the guy when Boyd appears, out of nowhere, and elbows him in the face. His eyes flash gold.

“Jesus christ, man!” shouts the sleazebag from what appears to be his destined position on the floor. People are starting to look at their little party.

Erica moves to pick up the bags she dropped, giving the guy a grin that’s all teeth before grabbing Boyd by the arm and dragging him away.

“I can take care of myself, you know,” she hisses, pulling him through the parking lot.

“Sorry! I really don’t know what- I’m really sorry Erica, of course you can,” and it’s not fair how Boyd can manage to sound so lost. The effect it has on Erica is just not fair.

“Don’t worry about it. Guess now we know I’m the brains and you’re just… supposed to stand around and look pretty.”

She hears his heart skip a beat but a second later comes an indignified “Hey!” she can only laugh at.

What happens next feels completely natural; Erica falls into Boyd’s space like it belonged to her and presses her lips against his in what can only qualify as the worlds greatest kiss ever.


Awesome.


Dec 15: Stiles discovers even Alpha werewolves can be afraid of something.

Artist: once-upon-a-time-the-end

Author: Zainclaw







 

Stiles shuts the door behind Scott, smiling to himself when figuring he would have squeezed his friend’s tail in the door, if he’d had one. The dull sound of the door going shut and the fading footsteps of the teenagers walking down the street is the last sound to reach his ears before a long-absent silence falls heavily over the house. It’s nearly a shocking change from all the platter that had been going on for hours.

As usual they had seized the opportunity of the Sheriff working late at the station and claimed the house as hide-out spot for the pack. Even with the Hale house renovated to the point where Stiles no longer feared falling through the floor, the place still got a bit chilly at night. And since tonight Lydia had required a snuggle-up-in-front-of-the-fireplace night - and Derek had not yet get the one in the Hale house going - they had moved to the Stilinski resident.

It was always great to be surrounded by people Stiles could, these days, call his friends, but at the moment it feels pretty good to have them all out of the house.

All but one.