and watching it on a small screen. 



So after a couple months of this routine, Stiles finally go the courage to set up a plan to get her father all to herself. She burned one rather hot session onto a CD and waited until their movie night, placing it in the DVD player and waiting to see her father’s reaction. For the first couple of minutes John was confused why they were watching a home movie when his own figure walked onto the view of the camera with an unconscious Stiles in his arms. After that, he knew exactly what he was watching, turning his head to his daughter almost guiltily. He was going to apologize and beg for forgiveness, feeling like the worst parent who ever lived. But then Stiles just placed her hand on his knee and shook her head, crawling into his lap and sitting down. “Watch the movie, daddy.”



It came out the blue for him, but rolled with it. They both continued to watch the movie, with John feeling his daughter up and taking off her clothes. He recognised by her outfit that this was the movie night a couple of weeks ago, and remembered what he did, his cock fattening up with blood rushing to it. Stiles could probably feel it pressing up against her but she didn’t say anything, just continued to watch the home movie. John felt he was safe enough to rest his hands on her thighs, resting his chin on her shoulder while on camera he was fingering his daughter, his mouth latching onto a nipple. “You really love my tits, dad.”



“I, well. They’re beautiful, Stiles.” He didn’t know what else to say apart from the truth, there was no use lying now he was caught. His daughter just hummed and leaned against him with her back against his chest, grabbing John’s hand and bringing it under her skirt. He could feel she was wet through her panties and he couldn’t hold back the groan when she ground down on his hand. 



“And my pussy?”



“God, Stiles.” His hand slipped under her underwear, feeling how wet she was. He didn’t have to turn her on or anything, she was open and ready for him, slipping a couple fingers into his daughter and listening to her breath out a moan. She kept rolling her hips while he fingered her, giving his cock delicious friction in his trousers until she stood up, lifting her skirt up and her panties down her legs, leaning down and unbuckling his belt, pulling it open along with his zipper until the bulge in his boxers was prominent. With a little tug, his cock sprung free and she returned to her seat, her cunt just inches away from his cock. He had to grab her hips in hesitance, they were about to cross a line now.



“It’s alright daddy, I’m on the pill.” Stiles spoke over her shoulder, sitting down on her father’s cock for the first time and letting out a moan at the feeling of her pussy stretching to accommodate his thick member. She rolled, ground down, and practically bounced on his lap while the home video played on in front of them. John was so confused and they would have to talk about this afterwards but right now he just took what Stiles gave him, groaning out his release into his daughter.


--

They did talk that night, and they ended up with a new relationship. Instead of doing it once a week, John could touch her whenever he wanted, however he wanted, and Stiles could do the same. She wasn’t into the kink but just the thought of her daddy’s cock on her, inside her, whenever she wanted. It always brought her tingles at the thought.

That was a little over a year ago now, and their father daughter relationship was still strong. Whenever John got home from work, Stiles would ride him on the sofa while he watched the football. When Stiles was in her room doing her homework on the bed, John just waltzes in, tugs his daughter’s skirt up and fucks into her right then and there. Since their partnership started, Stiles had started wearing panties a lot less and skirts a lot more when she was around the house, and at night she wouldn’t wear anything, it was easy access that way. John still fucks Stiles while she sleeps, but they’ve changed it to their advantage; John would get up earlier and come into his daughter’s room, pulling the covers away and fuck her until she wakes up. They found out that the rocking sensation actually brings Stiles out of sleep, and having sex was a perfect way to be woken. With this new finding, they could both be satisfied when Stiles went to school and John to the police station.

Like today, John’s alarm clock went off bright and early in the morning and he turned it off after the third ring, sitting up and stretching. He trudged to the bathroom, brushing his teeth and washing his face before sneaking into his daughter’s room. Stiles was sleeping