sweet tone as he helps Derek out of his shirt. Derek snorts as he tosses it towards the door.

"If you actually believed that then we wouldn't have christened it the day I got it."

"Hey," Stiles says, rising to his knees and splaying his hands innocently. "We had to do something to get rid of the disgusting odor of previous ownership. It was a charity project."

"A charity project, huh?" Derek says, hooking his fingers through the belt loops on Stiles's jeans and jerking them hard enough to make Stiles pitch forward, his hands breaking his fall with his nose just an inch above Derek's. "Exactly how many 'charity projects' have you done?"

"I can think of a few," Stiles says teasingly, leaning down to nip at Derek's ear. "Like putting up with your eyes having too many colors and ruining my poetry. And the sharp pointy fangs and claws interrupting my lazy morning sex."

"Oh, I see," Derek says, slipping his hands between them to open Stiles's jeans and push them down over his hips. "So no more shifting during sex."

Derek wraps a hand around Stiles's erection, letting his nails lengthen into claws and pressing them against Stiles's stomach just hard enough for him to feel the change. The moan in his ear and the stutter of Stiles's hips against his tell him how much Stiles is enjoying their banter.

"I didn't... didn't say that," Stiles denies breathily, pulling himself up to look Derek in the eyes. "I definitely didn't say that."

"So you want it like this, then?" Derek asks, letting his eyes glow red and his voice descend into a growl as he speaks. He tightens his hand around Stiles's cock and leans up, kissing him hard and feeling Stiles run his tongue along Derek's elongated canines.

"Fuck," Stiles says, eyes blown wide. "Fuck, Derek."

"I think so," Derek says, rolling them so that he's leaning over Stiles instead of the other way around. "Pants off."

Stiles lets out a puff of air and complies, shucking the last of his clothing, and turning face down on the bed. Derek stands up and moves behind Stiles before he unzips his jeans, letting the sound echo through the room before sliding them off and moving back onto the bed.

"Lube," Derek says, holding a hand out in front of him. Stiles fumbles around in the sheets for a second before his hand shoots back behind him, waving the tube in the air. Derek motions for the lube to be put in his hand before realizing Stiles isn't looking at him. Feeling somewhat silly and more than a little relieved that Stiles couldn't see him, Derek reaches to where Stiles is holding the bottle out behind himself.

"About time," Stiles huffs when Derek takes the bottle, moving his hands to brace himself on the bed and turning to look over his shoulder. "I'm going to need a lot of that tonight, so don't skimp."

Cocking an eyebrow, Derek squirts a generous portion onto his hand, rubbing it between his fingers to warm it up before he touches Stiles. "I thought you wanted it rough tonight?"

Stiles grins and wiggles his ass at Derek. "I want the slipperiest butt imaginable. The most slippery butt you can have is the kind of butt I want. I want this because of reasons."

"Fine," Derek says with a snort, "I won't ask."

Placing his clean hand on Stiles's ass, Derek spreads his cheeks so he can see Stiles's hole. It's relaxed, just like the rest of Stiles, and Derek can't resist leaning forward to run his tongue over the soft skin. The scent and taste of Stiles's skin this close to his entrance are pure and undiluted, and Derek loves it. He always likes to spend a few minutes appreciating it when he gets the opportunity.

"Dude," Stiles's voice sounds a little strained and jolts him back into the present. "Not that I'm not a huge fan of rimming - I totally am - but I was thinking maybe we could, you know, get this going a little faster?"

Derek stays where he is and growls against Stiles's skin, earning a moan from Stiles as the vibration flows through him. He does pull back then, moving his lube covered fingers to trace the saliva slick rim of Stiles's entrance.

"One or two?" he asks, testing the pucker gently with his index and middle fingers, enjoying the way it opens pliantly for him.

"Start with one," Stiles says a little breathily. "Shouldn't need long."

Derek obliges, pushing one finger past the tight ring of muscle. It slides in smoothly, Stiles relaxing to take it in without any real resistance. There is no resistance at all after Derek moves it in and out a few times, so he pushes all the way