He placed the remote back in the seat, groaning in frustration when he saw how much time they had left. “Why do planes take so long?”

“Just to annoy you, I’m sure.” Derek felt Stiles fidget once more, pulling all the arm rests up so he could lay down on the row of seats, resting his head on his boyfriend’s thigh. With a sigh he could finally relax, nuzzling Derek’s leg and pausing a moment because it could just be his imagination, or was there a rather hard lump under the hoodie Derek had on his lap. His eyes darted up to his boyfriend who had a stoic expression, so the teen investigated by lifting the hoodie up and gasping, feeling Derek tense up a little. “Don’t say it.”

“Dude, do planes turn you on or something?” Stiles toyed with his new discovery, bringing his hand up to fondle Derek’s hard on. Seems the wolf had done everything for him, pants open and boxers tenting up, all he needed to do was pull his cock through the hole in his boxers and there it was in all its glory. He was going to tease Derek about getting a boner on the plane but honestly this couldn’t have been a better thing to do, stroking the throbbing cock inches from his face and watching it twitch and leak precum. It looked angry, all flushed pink at the tip and Stiles could imagine Derek’s balls being tight from having not come in quite a while. “Need a hand?”

“Just hurry.” While he knew this was rather dangerous; someone could walk by and spot Stiles sucking his dick, they must have been breaking a law right now. But he knew the teen had a soft kink for doing things in public, he remembers they almost got caught once in a park because Stiles couldn’t wait until they got home to be fucked, practically jumping Derek and riding him behind a bush until they came. That was less dangerous, there was a bush blocking everyone out who could have seen, but now all they had to hide was a hoodie, and even then people would know what they were doing. They had to be stealthy.

Stiles understood that, but honestly he didn’t give a single fuck right now, tongue lolling out to lick the underside of Derek’s cock. He knew they had to be quick so he got to work, slotting the tip in his mouth and sucking like his life depended on it while Derek kept lookout in case anyone got close to them. Bobbing his head back and forth, Stiles could feel his own cock starting to harden and let out a huff through his nose, taking Derek deep into his throat and swallowed. He was glad Derek could be quiet when needed because if it were him right now they would have been caught in less than five minutes.

He couldn’t move so much with the position he was in, his neck starting to cramp up so he kept to suckling on the tip while his hand got to work with pumping Derek’s cock. He had a system now, rolling his tongue around the tip while he kept a fast pace with stroking until he was patted on the head and had to let go, Derek quickly hiding the evidence under the hoodie. He took the moment to sit up properly and stretch a little, watching the attendant walk by and glanced around to see if anyone was watching before he leant down to take that fat cock back in his mouth. Honestly, sucking Derek’s dick was the best for Stiles; it stretched his mouth perfectly and he had practised enough that he could take it down his throat without gagging, he even learned after a few rounds that he could get the wolf to knot while he was blowing him.

He couldn’t get all of his mouth on Derek’s cock so he suckled on the tip while he pumped his hand quickly, feeling Derek pat his head once more and he sat back up, grinning cheekily at his boyfriend. He kept his hand on Derek’s cock under the hoodie, jacking him off while the attendant was standing right there with her cart of goodies, handing out drinks in those fiddly plastic cups. He was going to ask the woman for some orange juice but if the squeeze of Derek’s hand on his arm was enough, the eyes boring into the side of his head was certainly enough for him to stop. She did ask but they both shook their heads and soon enough she moved her cart away to interest the other people in the plane. “I was thirsty you know.”

“Stiles.” Derek deadpanned, leaning back in his chair and watching for anyone to come by again, Stiles let out a huff before his hand began moving again, jerking the wolf off under his hoodie. He watched the way Derek’s face was twisting with pleasure, obviously trying to hide it so no one could suspect he was getting a handjob. His mouth was parted and his breath light, almost shaky and fuck those lips were so kissable right now. He leant in more, speeding up his hand as