manages to somehow knock against the right side of his chest, close enough to his nipple to send a small pain wave through his body. He yelps then winces, hands fluttering over his chest, not daring to touch anything. Derek looks at him disapprovingly and tuts.

"Careful there. Don't want to undo all my hard work, do you?"

The man then proceeds to gently caress around his abused nipple, soothing, never touching the piercing directly. Stiles’ whole pec tingle in a pleasant way which makes him give a little moan.

"That a yes?" Derek growls and Stiles nods frantically. "Good. Because I don't think I can wait until that little thing is better, much less completely healed, before seeing you again. Maybe we can find a good use for that tongue piercing I gave you last month."

Derek is still gently fingering the contour of his nipple, the touch barely there but with pressure enough to send a mix of pleasure/pain down Stiles' spine and he's looking at Stiles as if, were they the only ones in the boutique, Stiles would probably get fucked right then and there. The young man shivers.

Oh, he has a feeling tonight's gonna be good.

This is my poor attempt at writing porn. I'm so sorry ._.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

After the whole nipple teasing bit, Derek had, with the air of someone who knows exactly what he is doing and does it well, put a small bandage over his nipple and very seriously told him to go see Laura and listen very carefully for the nipple piercing care instructions she was going to give him.


 


As Stiles predicted, Laura did kind of mocked him a little, but surprisingly, it was all good natured and Derek got mocked much more than he did. The grumbles he could hear coming from the back room where Derek was hiding only made Stiles even more enamoured with the man.

 

What followed in the evening, though, that was pure magic.


 


All in all, the date was good. More than good, even. Derek took him to a fair and they ate cotton candy and made out under a big oak tree. Cliché but also the nicest evening Stiles has ever had. What's better, though, is what happens after.


 


Stiles already knows he isn't going to go back home after the date. He already knows what Derek has planned for him. He knows and he’s craving it.


 


Still, it comes as a bit of a shock when he is roughly and expertly tugged right against Derek in the elevator to Derek's loft. They lean against the wall as Derek goes to town on his neck, the collar of his shirt dragged down to the point where Stiles can hear the seams giving over the sound of his moans and the noises of the ascending elevator. Rough hands slide down his body (though never once his right nipple is touched) and grip his thighs, hoisting him up without effort; Stiles wraps his legs around Derek's waist and slides his hands in the man's thick hair.


 


"Ah!" The shout escapes his lips as teeth sink in his neck. Pain and pleasure are battling for dominance and it feels as though his body doesn't know what it wants more: Derek is pushing and pulling, biting, sucking,... He’s everywhere at once.


 


Stiles’ head thumps back against wall just as the elevator's doors open... revealing a man in his late thirties watching them with a smirk.


 


"Don't make him scream too loud, the neighbors would complain."


 


"Fuck off, Peter."


 


Stiles’ legs are deposited on the floor, and without even being introduced he is gently steered towards the end of the corridor, Derek plastered against his back.


 


"Goodnight." 'Peter' sing-songs, fingers waving at Stiles as the elevator's doors shut.


 


"Wha' was tha'?" Stiles slurs, a bit delirious with how fast everything is going.


 


Derek chuckles in his neck but doesn’t answer, sliding a metal door open sideways and walking in, taking Stiles with him as he goes.


 


The whole thing is an open space with Derek’s bed smack in the middle even though Stiles can see a spiral staircase leads to a small corridor with three doors, of which he’s sure at least one must be a bedroom. Aside from Derek’s weird taste for home arrangement, the rest of the floor is sparsely furnished: comfortable looking couch, dark coffee table, a tv - the basics of every home and no more.


 


Derek is still pressed against him from head to toe, letting him take in his home. He doesn’t push or prod, he just lets Stiles look silently. Stiles is a little nervous now that his head is cleared of the hormones and takes his time, breathing slowly.


 


Finally, when he’s good and ready, he turns around and brushes his lips against Derek’s. The older man is looking at him so softly, Stiles can’t help but relax