never turn back o-”

A hand haphazardly slapped against his mouth stopped him from continuing, which he would have. Easily.

His gaze shifted to Derek who had leaned up on his elbows to shut Stiles up. Derek’s mouth twitched a little in return, not quite a smile but close, before it quickly morphed into a frown when Stiles tried to bite - but really just lick - the palm blocking his mouth.

“She can’t really hurt us, she’s not actually controlling any of this,” Stiles mumbled when Derek pulled his hand away with a grimace before wiping it on his shirt.

“Are you trying to test me, test subject? Well isn’t that a lovely paradox.” Suddenly there were wires wrapping themselves around Derek from every side before pulling him off the floor and away from Stiles’ panicked grasp.

“Put him down!” he screamed, heart pounding.

He had already almost just killed them and now, once again, he’d put Derek in danger.

“I thought I couldn’t control anything,” she mocked, dangling Derek around like a puppet. “Apologize.”

Stiles frowned, he understood that the character couldn’t have any control, she was just a pawn in a bigger plan but something was off with her. 

He breathed in sharply through his nose. The creature, whatever kind of trickster it was, was controlling the illusion. It was there, talking to them through the disembodied voice from the game. 

“I’m sorry.” Stiles stood up. “I’m sorry for everything. Humans are... dumb. We’re careless individuals who run on selfishness sometimes and we forget about others. I’m sorry if we caused you any pain.”

The voice stayed quiet and Stiles wondered if he had gone too far. 

“Keep testing.”

Derek was dropped back on the ground and even though Stiles knew he wouldn’t feel any pain from it he still rushed over to him in a panic, hands already reaching out to check for injuries and bring comfort.

The fact that Derek even let him was actually what comforted him.

"So, I tried,” Stiles started with an apologetic shrug. “Looks like we're stuck here until we complete the game.”

Derek huffed, Stiles was sure it was another one of his almost-laughs.

"Your mouth usually serves to get us into trouble, not out. It would have surprised me if that had worked.”

Offended, Stiles slapped Derek's shoulder. "I'll have you know my mouth has many skills!"

That time he got a full, albeit surprised, laugh from Derek.

He would have been embarrassed about the accidental double entendre had he not gotten that reaction.

It took a while to get back into the swing of things, they were so much more careful and attentive, watching their every step and taking them with precaution.

Stiles especially; he was sure he could still feel his heart pounding like an echo of their near death experience. His hands still shook from it.

Derek was calmer, less reluctant to continue than Stiles for which he was grateful. He moved at a steady pace and if Stiles didn't know any better he would have thought it was for his sake, to show him he was forgiven.

They quickly lost their sense if time; none of the numerous bland white rooms they went through had any windows to show them the sun's progress. So they had to go by feeling, sleeping when they needed it, sometimes doing so in shifts on harder puzzles so the other could continue.

Stiles was positive they had been at it for over a week but Derek just scoffed and said it had barely been two days and Stiles was inclined to believe him.

They didn't realize how close they were to the end until Stiles noticed the numbers on the chamber wall when he backed into the starting corner to try and get a new perspective on the part of the puzzle they couldn't figure out.

"Wait th- Derek! Derek! This is almost the final test! We only one more to go after this one!"

It took a few seconds for the words to register in Derek's mind - Stiles decided there was no way a person could look that stoic after hearing such good news - before he was breathing out a sigh of relief, his entire body slumping slightly with it.

They’d somehow managed to go through each section without keeping track, like they’d wanted to keep how much more they had to do a surprise.

Stiles raised his hand up with a huge grin for a high-five. He knew Derek wouldn’t grant him one so he was surprised when Derek pulled him against him in a hug instead.

It didn’t last long but it was enough to leave Stiles standing there with his hand still in the air and his breath still in his throat when he’d forgotten to actually let it out.

Clearing his throat, Derek headed back towards the centre of the testing room.

The two final tests still took forever, even with the surge of energy that came from knowing how close