, and opened a swirling purple and black portal which he practically shoved Derek through before stepping through himself.

The other side of the portal was – a loft. It was dark, and mostly empty. There was a bed shoved over against a wall that looked to be mostly windows, and a couch and coffee table facing a wall mounted television that looked small compared to the bare expanse of wall it perched on.

“Why – why d'you have a huge hole in your wall?” he slurred. He felt nauseous and sick, probably from blood loss.

“Summoning ritual went bad.”

“...your loft smells like blood. And bleach.”

Isaac actually smiled at that. “Necromancer. Things get messy.”

“Oh.” The ground looked...ripply. Derek found himself staring at it, and didn't even realize he'd slid to the floor before Isaac's ice cold hands were hauling him back up. Isaac was apparently very strong for his size.

“Okay, into bed with you. Let that Alpha level healing do its work.” Isaac hauled him over to the huge bed and pushed him onto it. Derek went without too much protest, because he really couldn't have stopped Isaac if he'd wanted to. He passed out before Isaac had even finished pulling the covers up over him.

xxx

 

When he woke up again, there was an icy body pressed up against him, and Void was standing in front of the bed, dripping blood everywhere.

“Fuck!”

His exclamation must have woken Isaac, because the other man stirred, and sat up blearily. “Did you get it?”

Void gurgled something incomprehensible; it looked like his throat had been cut. Derek stared in morbid fascination as blood trickled down his neck. Void pushed out one hand jerkily, and opened it. Inside was a bloody, shattered piece of white pottery, which didn't look very impressive to Derek but which earned a satisfied hiss from Isaac.

Isaac had apparently stripped down to his pants before bed, though he was still wearing a damn scarf, which Derek didn't understand at all. He reached out greedily for the pottery shard. Once Void had handed it over his whole body jerked like a string had been cut. The katana clattered out of his hand and onto the floor, and he crumpled into a puddle of limbs and his own blood.

“Is he dead?” Derek asked cautiously.

“No. He can't die unless I let him.” The cold way Isaac made the statement made Derek shiver again. How the hell had this kid gotten in so deep so young?

“He'll be fine in a few days.” Isaac seemed to be judging the distance between Void and the large open window, then finally shrugged and dragged him across the room and into the wall with the huge hole in it. There was another silver circle there, set into the concrete floor. Then he walked back over to where the blood and the katana were, and picked up the sword. He made a swirling motion with his hand, and the sword and the blood disappeared.

“How are you feeling? Better?”

“Yes, actually.” He was starving, but he wasn't in pain any more. He was in desperate need of a shower, and Isaac's sheets were probably beyond saving, but overall, he felt better.

“Good. I collected some samples while you were sleeping; hope you don't mind. There's food in the fridge and the shower doesn't run out of hot water. I don't know where you've been living but you seriously need some conditioner in your hair. Then you might as well let yourself out, because I've got research to do.”

Derek felt like they were skirting around a rather massive point. “And the shinigami?”

Isaac's eyes practically gleamed. “That's what this is for.” He held up the pottery shard triumphantly. “Now. I have to research. I'll call you when I've got something.” Isaac paused. “You do have a phone, don't you?”

He did; it was dead. “I need to charge it.”

Isaac snorted, went to a box of junk in the corner, pulled out a pen and paper, and scribbled down a number which he handed to Derek. “Seriously, shower.”

Derek huffed, and took the paper. There were hearts next to Isaac's name. He grimaced, and slid out of bed. He headed in the direction of the shower, finding it easily enough since there wasn't much in the apartment. It had been a really long time since he'd used a shower, but it wasn't something you really forgot how to do. He did actually let out a moan of pleasure as the hot water beat down on him. There was just something about human comforts that he'd really missed. As much as he'd like to pretend otherwise, just as Laura said, he was still a person.

He used Isaac's shampoo, and