Were-things are nothing, there’s witchcraft in this town. Culinary whichcraft. 


 


Derek gives him a look so worried, Stiles is pretty sure he must have swayed on his feet, drooling and staring at someone else’s plate. He quickly takes a seat across from Derek on the far side of the bar - his back to the door, that’s what you get when you let Derek pick the chair first, apparently. 


 


The waitress comes to their table very quickly, and Stiles thinks maybe she’s a were-something too. 


 


“Hey Derek,” she says, in that way girls often do when Derek’s around - a bit flustered and a bit hopeful. Is her heart speeding up right now? Or maybe that doesn’t happen to pretty girls. “The usual?”


 


Derek smiles a crooked but honest smile at her, “Sure.”


 


She turns to Stiles. The small plate on her uniform says “Creek” which is so damn fitting - every small desert town could use a creek. “Um, what’s good?”


 


She raises her eyebrows, stresses with teasing scorn, “

Everything

.”


 


“Anything, then. Something that comes on a really big plate and is expensive, since Derek is paying.”


 


Her face falls a little, “And, uh, to drink?”


 


“Just water.” He needs to sleep, if that’s even possible this far out of his comfort zone. It might be, with just Derek there. But no sugar if Stiles means that to happen, and no alcohol, even though he’s pretty sure they wouldn’t ask for an ID.


 


When she’s gone, Stiles wants to tease Derek - this girl seems completely normal, there are no red alarms going off in his head which might not be a guarantee but it’s definitely a good sign - and she’s totally jealous, thinking they’re on a date or something. But there’s something odd in the way Derek’s watching him, something resigned and bothered in the way he’s just waiting for it, so Stiles keeps his mouth shut. 


 


After a minute, Derek speaks up first. “How’s college?”


 


Eyes on the wall behind Derek - since that’s the only view possible from this chair, seriously, how is he even going to eat like this? - Stiles says, trying for cheerful and failing, “Almost made a friend, way back in September. He was assigned to my room. Then after a week I was finally tired enough to fall asleep. The way he was looking at me in the morning - you’d think he was the one who had to witness his own father being brutally murdered all night long in his sleep.”


 


Derek hums, softly, “Classes?”


 


“Nothing interesting yet. I’m doing okay. You?”


 


Derek leans back in his chair, looks away. Oh God, they are both so bad at this, pathetic. They need to find something to talk about and it can't be Stiles because Derek can smell bullshit and he probably doesn't really care anyway. 


 


Then it comes to him. “Tell me more about Cora’s jobs.”


 


The small upturn of his mouth doesn't look as happy on Derek as it should, but still, Stiles is getting the pattern here - you want him to smile at you, mention his sister. “Last summer, she worked in an amusement park in New Hampshire. Selling tickets, cleaning, helping the more experienced staff. Wearing the fur.”


 


“What?”


 


“One of her jobs was to put on the costume of the park’s mascot, Howie the Happy Hound, and entertain children.”


 


Stiles asks again, this time laughing, “What?”


 


Derek shakes his head, “All that fake fur… according to her, you could boil to death in the suit. It’s ancient, smelly, and it’s tried to cook many, many employees that came before her.  She only wore it once, though, for half an hour on so. Until she could escape to the bathroom.”


 


“Don’t tell me. They couldn’t find enough of that thing to fit in the Cookie Crisp box?”  Cora the Happy Hound doesn’t have a ring to it anyway.


 


“She tried to flush parts of it. She clogged the system so badly they had to close the park for two days.”


 


“She got fired, I assume?”


 


“Not before her coworkers threw her a party.”


 


It’s the best thing Stiles has heard in weeks, maybe longer. Cora is going to punch him in the face, but he’s still going to tease her mercilessly about that one. If he ever sees her again. 


 


Creek the waitress comes with their food, says, “Yours is on the house if you tell me how you did that. We’ve been trying for weeks.”


 


Stiles follows her nod to look at Derek, who is rapidly losing that relaxed set to his shoulders.


 


“Sorry, that’s hard-earned sacred knowledge