He gave his boyfriend a pointed look. 

Theo laughed. “Why the hell do I love you?” 

“I don’t know.” Stiles shrugged. “But at least you know it’s not from me casting a spell on you.” 

***

Stiles stood near the door of Peter’s hospital room, his arms folded across his chest because the room was cold and he was trying not to shiver. He watched as Derek and Cora hugged their uncle, whose eyes flared red. Stiles mentally added one more question to the myriad he had written down, earlier in the morning. 

“Uncle Peter.” Cora looked up at her cousins. “These are your sons, Jackson and Theo.” She nodded to them. “Their birth mom died in a car accident and they were both adopted to other families in town.” 

Peter gave the twins a curious look. “And that one?” He gestured to Stiles. 

“That one has a name and is capable of answering questions himself.” Stiles remarked. He felt guilty for already arguing with the guy who was going to be his father-in-law one day, not to mention a werewolf who could probably behead him with the flick of his wrist, but he was tired and apprehensive. “You’ll have to forgive me for not waving my pom-poms at your sudden recovery, but your very own Annie Wilkes slaughtered seventeen people before she offed herself, all because caffeine and prayer weren’t getting results.” 

“Stiles.” Derek’s tone held a warning, but Peter put a hand on his nephew’s arm. 

“No, don’t criticize him.” Peter smiled. “What are you doing here, Stiles? Are you their chauffeur? Their bodyguard?” He smirked. “Their pet?” 

“Moral support.” Stiles remarked, standing up straight. “Just don’t ask what my moral code actually is.” 

“He’s my boyfriend.” Theo stared at his father. “And he’s friends with Jackson.” 

“And me.” Cora added. “And he used to date Derek.” 

“Very interesting.” Peter murmured. “I probably don’t have any money in the wallet I was brought in with, but I'm sure that between the four of you, you can put together enough change to get yourselves something to eat while I talk to your human friend?” 

“Go ahead.” Stiles said quickly, before Theo could have the chance to growl at anyone else. “I’m sure he won’t do anything to me, since my father is the Sheriff and knows where to get wolfsbane bullets.” 

Peter chuckled as his family members left the room. “Have a seat.” 

“I think I’ll stay standing.” Stiles muttered, coming to a realization. “This is where you’re going to start in on some bullshit about how you’ll kill me if I hurt your family, even though I’ve been taking care of them just fine without your help for the past six months and I was the one to convince both of your sons to actually meet you. You might think that blood gives you a claim to be in charge, but it doesn’t. So instead, this is me telling you that if you think you have the right to start making changes that Jackson and Theo aren’t comfortable with, I’ll stop you. You’re not the first person to come into our lives that wanted us to play by a new set of rules, and you’re probably not going to be the last. I’ve killed people just for threatening to hurt someone I care about and I’m surprisingly attached to the idea of not being murdered, myself. So if you want to threaten me, it had damn well better be a clever threat, because it’s going to be the last words anyone will hear you say.” 

Peter grinned. “You’re not entirely wrong, but you are wrong. I really would appreciate it if you sat down, because I haven’t had much mobility in the past six years and trying to look up at you is starting to hurt my neck.” He waited until Stiles was seated before he spoke again. “Thank you. And also, thank you for taking care of my family in my absence, while you were able to do so. To go over your points, in order? My nephew, niece and sons are werewolves. I won’t have to kill you if you harm any of them. They can do it themselves. I don’t blame, uh...”

“Jackson and Theo.” Stiles smiled. “Try to remember their names, they both have sizeable egos and you won’t earn yourself any points by forgetting or getting them mixed up.” 

“I don’t blame my sons for not wanting to meet me. They both grew up without me and they seem to be doing well enough. They got their egos from me, in case that didn’t occur to you yet. What other threats have you encountered?” Peter squirmed, trying to get into a