says. There's movement around him, wherever it is that they're at. He means to ask how the hell they got away, and if he was back and if it was all some cosmical joke with no punchline.

Instead, he mumbles:

"Cool" and manages to pass out.

 

 

They had hugged and he didn't want to let go. She was certainty with all her unpredictability; she's being woken up to a warm presence and big eyes in the middle of the night, somewhere in between cities he's never heard the name of. She could be enough. She should be enough.

"See you, Hale" she said and he could almost hear bit of hope in her voice.

"See you"

He didn't look back.

 

 


The thing is- 


The thing is, whatever it was that they had, it was never truly established. They'd kiss, wether it was in the woods, or at Derek's house, or at Stiles' room — when there wasn't much noise besides the TV static and their own breathes. They wouldn't touch much; most of the time, all Derek seemed to want were hesitating hands or gripping fingers. They were something, even when Stiles was on the verge of another panick attack, even when it seemed like the town was crumbling down, even when Allison died.

They were-

Stiles was never really sure what they were.

 

 

He wakes up at the Hale house.

He doesn't need much time to realize it. It's the same ceiling that he'd stare at when there was too much to think and feel and do. It's the same couch where he kissed Derek again, only that time was different. That time Derek actually kissed him back; his hands held onto his neck and hair like there was a chance Stiles might disappear.

He wouldn't. He didn't.

He doesn't need much time to notice Derek's silhouette, either.

"They're outside" his voice is rough, like he has spent some quality time howling.

He swallows whatever's on his mouth and nods.

"Your dad's at the station" he continues "Scott and Lydia are with Deaton. Malia's with-

"Right"

He presses his hands on both sides of the couch to be able to sit. The room spins for a second and he's not sure if Derek's moving closer or if it's in his head. He chooses to knuckles his eyes instead off trying to figure it out.

"Are they dead? The other guys?"

"No, but they won't be a problem."

He waits for a complementation — "anymore", "for a while", but Derek, ever the talker, stays there with his arms crossed.

"Right" he rests his elbows on his knees and pretends he's facing his feet so he won't have to face the light from the windows. "Right. So..." he breathes out "Long time no see. Since we haven't seen each other in, like, six or eight months? I wondered if you had been eaten by a mountain lion, but there aren't any... No, there are no wolves in California, but there are definitely mountain lions. I'm not sure if you were in California, though" he glances at him "Were you?"

"No. We didn't really stay in one place for long"

He's pretty sure the pill turned into a tumor.

"How's Brae?"

Derek furrows his eyebrows; although they still hold power, they seem amused.

"What? You weren't the only one close to her."

He rolls his eyes and moves closer.

"She's fine. Somewhere around North" he answers like there's no need to miss her, like they're going to meet again soon.

"How long are you sticking around for?"

Derek smiles and that does it.

"Already planning on getting rid of me?"

"Yeah, was thinking 'bout hiding your body in a ditch somewhere."

"The pack would find it suspectful"

"I was planning on playing the widow part, you know? Crying my eyes out because my one true love's gone"

"You were never good at being sad for long"


Watch me.


"Yeah" he smiles tightly. The pressure on his head is less heavy. "Why haven't you shut me up yet?"

He shrugs. He doesn't seem real.

"It's nice hearing you talk"

"It's the drugs, man"

"You're not on drugs" Derek sits on the edge of the couch. One part of him screams "thank God", while the other would like very much to push him off and run away in horror.

"Then what am I on? Am I dreaming?"

Derek shows both of his hands, five fingers each.

Stiles only realizes he had glanced unconsciously at his own hands