back to the school. We’ll leave her by the same locker room you kidnapped us from. You can come get her in an hour--and if you come before then, we’ll know, and we’ll kill her before you can get her home safe.”

“No,” says the wizard immediately. “Let her go now, or--”

“I am not kidding around!” Stiles says. Scott helps out with a low, threatening growl, and if Derek had never met Scott before, right now he would absolutely believe him to be capable of killing this girl. “Your whole gang is going to leave this random-ass hole in the ground to give us time to escape, you’re not going to follow us, and in an hour you can come get your daughter. Got it?”

There’s more grumbling after that, but the witches leave eventually. Derek slumps fully onto the ground, letting his head roll back until he’s staring at the ceiling. There’s no distraction from the pain now, and the world around him is getting hazy. 

And then Stiles’ face is overhead, looming over Derek. “You horrify me in every way possible,” he says, gingerly touching Derek’s shoulder. Derek is going to guess that the repulsed face Stiles is making is due to the extent of Derek’s injuries.

“Thanks,” Derek says, doing his best not to whimper in pain when Stiles tries to help him sit up.

“Oh my god this is so gross, oh my god is that your skin? Oh jesus--I think it’s trying to fall off.”

“I’ll heal,” Derek mutters, and things get hazy again as he passes out.

He wakes up on a cot in Deaton’s clinic, with the extreme sense of vertigo and nausea that he always gets when his body’s been forced to heal too much too fast. He’d very much like to be unconscious again, but the lights are bright and the room smells so strongly of antiseptic that his nostrils burn.

“Oh hey, you’re finally awake.” Boyd is standing over him, smiling the way you smile at people in hospital beds, or at five-year-olds.

Derek grunts. His throat is dry enough that it hurts to swallow, and his thoughts don’t seem to be pulling together coherently like they should.

Boyd covers Derek’s hand with his own, then takes his hand back like he’s thought better of it. “You really overdid it with the martyrdom this time, you know. You looked really bad by the time we showed up and rescued you. I hope I never have to heal from wounds that bad, seriously.”

Derek would shrug if he wasn’t pretty sure the motion would hurt. “I was fine.”

Boyd swallows. “You were. Okay, then. I definitely believe that.”

Derek closes his eyes. The fucking lights in here. “You feel guilty.”

He can hear Boyd shifting his weight and doing something with his hand--fidgeting. Boyd is not normally a fidgeter. The guilt would be obvious even if Derek couldn’t smell it. 

“I shouldn’t have left you,” Boyd says.

Derek opens his eyes to glare. “Yes you should have. Leaving aside the fact that you had to leave to save Scott and Stiles, I’m your Alpha and I gave you the order to leave.”

“Oh my god, fuck that!” Boyd says, too loud for Derek’s current state. “Sorry man, but that’s bullshit. Isn’t it also my job to back you up and protect you? Like, isn’t that the whole point of being in a werewolf pack instead of on your own?”

Derek can’t deal with this right now. He needs to make Boyd understand that a crucial part of pack survival is that the alpha’s authority isn’t questioned--unless the beta wants to challenge him and take the authority himself. It can’t be a democracy, he can’t be soft, not if he wants to keep them alive. But at the moment, the thought of any kind of display of dominance, let alone a lecture on pack leadership structure, just makes his head spin. “Someone has to be in charge.”

Boyd rolls his eyes. “Yeah, man, I’m not arguing that. I just don’t like leaving you to die, whether or not you’ve ordered me to.”

Maybe Derek shouldn’t be surprised by this sudden outpouring of concern from Boyd, but he is, and he doesn’t know how to react to it. He looks away. “It was necessary.”

“You keep telling yourself that. But the next time you feel like suicide-by-enemy-fire, I’m not gonna help you out.” Boyd pats Derek’s hand again, then squeezes his shoulder for several seconds, and Derek has an awful feeling that if he were sitting upright, Boyd would try to