've damaged my right hand and it's very difficult for me to type. Not sure when it'll be back up and running I'm so sorry!!!

Hopefully it'll be healed soon! In the meantime you guys will have to be patient and stay with me!! <3 - Zeath

Hey guys I'm so sorry for the wait! My wrist and fingers still aren't at their best so typing at my normal pace isn't that strong right now. I do hope you enjoy this chapter though!!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

When Derek arrived at the Stilinski household he heard Stiles’ heartbeat, slow and steady like he was sleeping. It was a good thing if he wasn’t feeling well; sleep was the best medicine sometimes when it came to headaches. He entered quietly, setting his keys down and taking his shoes off, his ears pricked to Stiles’ destination from his heartbeat. He knew how far Stiles’ room was from the front door and yet it sounded closer but still upstairs. Appeared more like the bathroom, why was he asleep in the bathroom? Heading upstairs carefully to not make the steps creak, Derek’s heart stopped momentarily when he saw Stiles’ body lying face down in the hallway.

“Stiles?!” Rushing over to him in full panic mode, Derek was gentle when he rolled the teen over, noticing a nasty bruise forming on Stiles’ head where he must have hit the wall. He didn’t know what was wrong, Stiles was mostly likely passed out but he didn’t know why. So he did what anyone would do, Derek lifted Stiles up and carried him downstairs, grabbing the phone and calling for an ambulance. He didn’t want to drive there because then he’d have to wait in traffic and an ambulance would give him medical attention right away while they were driving. After he ended the call, Derek took Stiles’ hand and listened to the teen’s heartbeat to keep him sane. “Stay with me Stiles.”

He counted the seconds until he heard sirens in the background, hurrying over to open the door so the paramedics could get inside before returning to his unconscious boyfriend. He tried not to get too protective over the way they entered and moved him away so they could check his vitals, Derek told them what had happened; he found Stiles that way, that he had a steady heartbeat and must have bumped his head on the wall upstairs. He kept out the supernatural parts obviously.

The paramedics rolled Stiles out on the stretcher with an oxygen mask on, it was mandatory that every patient use it if they’ve had some sort of head or respiratory trauma but it still made Derek’s heart ache. Seeing Stiles so small bundled in the ambulances blankets on the stretcher, so pale and fragile with a darkening bruise on his head. He was just glad that his father was having a night shift or he would have been going for the bottle already. They allowed Derek to ride with him to the hospital, the werewolf staying out the way and simply holding Stiles’ hand.

Melissa was on shift tonight too apparently, meeting them at the door and running with the paramedics as they wheeled Stiles through to an emergency room. The nurses kept Derek at bay so he had to rely on his hearing; most of it was too complicated in the health vocabulary for him to decipher but apparently they were hooking him up with some drugs, a nurse speaking about Stiles’ medical history to a doctor Derek assumes, who called for an MRI to check if the tumor was the thing causing him to pass out. Melissa came out after a few minutes to meet Derek, moving him further away from the door while the other nurses wheeled Stiles out to the elevator probably for that MRI scan. “Derek, have you told John about this yet?”

“No, no I’ve not thought. Shit. Is he. Is Stiles going to be alright?” Already pulling out his phone, Derek mentally berated himself that he hasn’t even told the sheriff that his own son was in hospital unconscious. Melissa sat him down on one of the seats in the waiting room, coming to sit next to him and run him through the procedures they’re doing to Stiles. Apparently his blood levels were all over the place and they’d have to run some more tests for everyone to know what was wrong but it’s a chance the tumor could have been the cause or the treatment only prolonging the problem. She stayed with him explaining things in a soft yet professional way that made Derek think about his mother in these moments, how she would handle something like this the exact way Melissa was right now; she was obviously distressed about Stiles’ predicament but she had her head on straight and was thinking logically like his mother would have, giving out orders and guiding people through the worst of it.

When the nurse left him to get back to her duties, Derek dialed the sheriff’s number and gritted his teeth when it went straight to voicemail. He couldn’t wait for sheriff to finish