. Scent is very important to him, especially since he's trying to claim his territory and scent mark his entire house. And it's not like he smells bad. Humans think he smells amazing. He tells them it's cologne, but really he just never showers.

 That after noon, he learns that shopping is even less enjoyable when you're doing it alone. He needs to furnish his entire house, but instead of being fun, like it would be if Ganner and Rose and the kids were there with him, it's grueling. The local furniture store leaves a lot to be desired. Beacon Hills is big enough that they have a decent selection, but living within driving distance of San Francisco has spoiled him in terms of choice. He's already resigned himself to buying stand-in furniture, and shipping things to himself once he gets back to the city. If he's got to spend a month here every year, he'll be damned if he's going to do it with knockoff IKEA furniture.

 He has excellent taste, apparently. Rose made him help her decorate the house when they put a new addition in. He picks natural furnishings; everything made from leather or wood or stone – even bamboo. The linens are all in wool, or high thread count cotton blends – towels and blankets and floor rugs; more than he'd ever need. Nice, neutral earth tones; soothing. He gets accent pieces in deep green or redwood, with a hint of yellow and a splash of sky blue. When he's done, checked out, home and gets everything set up, his house looks like a forest. Everything from the cut of the mirrors to the soothing natural lighting reminds Derek of the outdoors, and it makes him horribly, hideously lonely. His mother would love this house. He just wishes he could show it to her.

 Derek lays on his couch in his perfectly furnished living room and finally breaks down. He calls Laura – they haven't spoken in years. But he can't do this; he can't be here without at least calling her. He just can't.

 She picks up on the third ring. “Hello? Who is this?”

 “It's me. Derek.”

 There's this little gasp on the other end of the line. “Derek? How – I mean. How are you? Is something wrong?”

 He wants to tell her no, he's fine. But she used to be his Alpha. She's the only family he has left. He can't lie to her.

 “I'm back in Beacon Hills.”

 “Oh, Derek.”

 “I had to. I don't want – the territory can't go to someone else.”

 “No. No of course not. Derek, I'm sorry.”

 He's crying, apparently. Because this whole thing wasn't hard enough. “I'm not blaming you. I just needed to hear your voice. It's – it's so quiet here.”

 “Isn't your pack with you?” And it's an innocent question; it's a caring, totally valid question. But it just makes him fight back tears all the more.

 “I don't have a pack.”

 “You're alone? In that town, all by yourself? Derek...”

 “Just – just talk to me. Please. I don't want anything from you; I don't need you to come here to make me feel better. Just talk to me. Tell me – anything. Everything. I just need to know you're okay.”

 And she does, and it's like they never parted. Like Derek never slept with a hunter and got his whole family killed. Like Laura never joined another pack because she couldn't stand the pain he'd caused her. It's just them, and she was happy – so happy. He could practically see her smile. He has a niece. A niece. And he doesn't know if he'll ever get to see her, but he gives Laura his address and his email and she sends him so many pictures it uses up his data allotment for the entire month. But he doesn't care because she was pack, and she was talking to him, and it eases the pain just to hear her talk. Even when she has to go because they've been talking for three hours and her Alpha needs her, it's still so much better than the raw pain before. It's – enough, for now, to get him through.

 The rest of the first week passes in a blur of chores; he sets up his post office box, landscapes his entire yard, buys the plants and does all the yard work himself, and arranges a weekly care service for all the weeks he's going to be gone. He orders books for the library. It's important to have research books here, even