there. It was only until he felt the front of his trousers being loosened and a hand slipping into the back of his underwear that he broke away, hiding his face into the crook of Peter’s neck to let out a whine. The pads of two fingers rubbed teasing circles around the rim of his hole, something about it just made his dick leak profusely; he had played with his ass before, stuffed his fingers inside and fucked himself with them until his cock was sore from cumming too much, but this. This was like pure sex, and those fingers weren’t even inside him.

“I’m going to need something to get you wet if you want me to fuck you.” Peter’s voice broke through his mind, making him blink lazily and lift his head from the other man’s shoulder. He glanced over his shoulder at the glove compartment, leaning back and twisting his body around enough that he could reach the latch and pull out a small tube of lube, already half empty. What? He has car troubles. He felt those arms wrap around his slim waist, and a seductive growl rumbles against his neck. “You never told me you were flexible, I can use that to my advantage.”

“Haah, fuck.” With clumsy hands, Stiles uncapped the top of the lube, letting Peter take it from him to lather his fingers while he struggled to get his trousers down his legs. He stopped moving when Peter’s fingers were back on his ass, one hand spreading a cheek out while the other rubbed the slick lube over his hole, circling it once more. Leaving his trousers and underwear hanging from his ankle, Stiles groaned loudly and held onto the werewolf’s shoulders when he felt Peter push his fingers inside, not caring enough that it would hurt, watching the teenager’s expression while he thrust his fingers in and out.

It was a different feeling than his own fingers, he didn’t know what Peter was going to do next and his skin was lighting up sensitive parts inside him that he didn’t even think would give him pleasure. Stiles didn’t even know his own voice anymore; it was like his vocal chords were being possessed. Breathy whines escaped his hips, crying out loudly when Peter hooked his fingers so the blunt tips would bump up against his sweet spot, his hips rolling and pushing back to his hand to get more. No one had even touched his cock, it didn’t need to be stimulated and already he felt like he was at the edge, leaking precum onto Peter’s sweater. “Mmh, fuck. Ahh!”

Peter was slow about preparing Stiles, knowing that his endowment would surely stretch the teen to the limit, his scissored his fingers and made sure that Stiles wasn’t in pain. Nothing pleased him more than listening to the boy’s whimpering moans, knowing that he was causing the noise and if this continued then Stiles could only get louder. He had a limit though, and didn’t want to be stuck to Stiles for however long. “I’m not going to knot you.”

He felt Stiles pause, a hitch in his breathing and a tight clenching on his fingers. The hands on his shoulders had gripped tighter. “Wait what, what? You have a knot?”

The scent of arousal pitched up a notch, much to Peter’s surprise but he kept a smug face and nodded his head, watching the way Stiles’ thighs trembled and his chest rise and fall faster. His cock twitched violently against both of their stomachs. “Haaahh god, fuck I think I just came a little.”

Peter pulled his fingers out and reached between both of their bodies to unzip his fly, pulling his cock out. He didn’t miss the way Stiles’ eyes quickly migrated almost hungrily staring at it while he grabbed the tube of lube next to him, pouring some over his cock and coating it fully. Stiles got the memo and lifted himself up a little so the werewolf could position his cock, pressing the tip inside and holding the base still while the teenager tried to keep himself from becoming a whiny mess. “Oh god, oh god, oh fuck okay.”

“Calm down, Stiles. Just take your time.” He heard Stiles let out a huffing laugh, his whole body shaking from trying to stay up.

“Calm down while I lose my virginity in the back of my car, by a psychopath werewolf with sadistic tendencies.” He mumbled venomously at the other man, trying to relax his inner muscles; he was always good at this when he had been told by all that porn and writing, but now it seemed almost impossible. Peter must be so annoyed with him right now with keeping him waiting, but he’s never had a dick up his ass before and it was going to take him some time, damn it!

“We could always stop.” It was amusing watching Stiles struggle, the boy obviously wanted it but the unknown feeling was making his body shut down and not want to sit fully on his cock. He’s taken many