hit dial on the phone immediately and then cursed when Allison didn’t pick up. 

From Kate: Stop ignoring me. 23? 23? Allison. 

The phone was silent for another twenty minutes before it finally beeped again with a new text message. 

From Allycat: don’t freak out. 

From Kate: You’re 17. 

From Kate: Is he pressuring you?

From Allycat: NO

From Kate: I will rip his balls off and serve them to him hot if he is. you better not be lying to me.

From Allycat: IM NOT. He’s not like that. He’s kind of shy and quiet. He’s been through a lot in his life. 

Kate thought long and hard about what to say next. She didn’t want to alienate Allison but still, twenty three was a lot older than Allison. Allison who still loved Mary Jane shoes and used to borrow Kate’s scarves and pretend they were princess trains. 

From Allycat: I really think u’ll like him

From Kate: I get to meet him?

From Allycat: He said he was going to try to come out and meet the fam this weekend. Wants to meet everyone. Do it right. 

From Kate: I swear to god ally, if I don’t like him... SERVING HIS BALLS HOT. 

From Allycat: BE NICE. PLEASE. Dad’s gonna freak. Mom’s gonna freak. And grandpa… omg. I can’t. PLEASE U HAVE TO BE NICE TO HIM. 

From Allycat: For me.

Kate waits a long five minutes before texting back. 

From Kate: For you. 

From Allycat: :D

From Kate: all right. Tell me more about him other than ‘awesome’

From Allycat: super nice. Super super cute. Ridic cute. Awesome car. But quiet like I said. 

From Allycat: most of his fam died a couple years ago and I think it just… changed him

From Allycat: I think it’s why he’s so shy. But u’ll love him, I know it. 

From Kate: This awesome shy, tragic boy have a name?

From Allycat: Derek. 

Kate’s heart stuttered. No. It couldn’t be. There were lots of kids named Derek. She scrolled back up through the texts, a horn blaring warning her that she drifted into the the wrong lane. She jerked the car back into her lane and kept scrolling. 


23. Family died a couple years ago. 


From Kate: what’s last name

She waited for the phone to beep back a message, fingers drumming on the steering wheel in a mad stacatto. 

From Kate: Ally. Seriously. What’s his last name?”

From Allycat: dad’s coming! Gtg. Hiding phone. C u soon!

Kate growled in frustration and pressed her foot harder on the gas. Fuck!

It couldn’t be. It was just… crazy to think that it would be. Jesus, she wished Allison would just text his fucking last name. 

Although if it were Derek, he would probably use a fake. 

It’s what Kate had done to him. 

Jesus. It’s all exactly what Kate had done to him. Seduced him, convinced him to keep it a secret, got him to say when his whole family would be together so she could… so she could… 

Burn them alive. 

She pushed the gas harder.

***

She saw the smoke long before she reached the house and although she told herself over and over and over and over that it couldn't be possible, it couldn't be true, she knew it was. 

The flames were still hot and orange, smoke billowing, fire snapping, as she ran from the car, keys left the ignition, screaming names. 

Allison. 

Chris.

Dad. 

Victoria.

Allison.

Allison.

She heard a sound she didn’t recognize at first and she shook her head in confusion trying to place it before realizing it was her phone. Frantic she raced back to the car and saw Allison’s name on the screen. 

“Allison? Fuck! Where are you, baby?”

“Hello, Kate.”

Her heart stopped in that moment and she stared at the burning cabin in front of her. 

“I’m going to kill you,” she said into the phone and he lauged at her. 

Laughed at her. 

“You can try. Good luck with that.”

“Where are you, you son of a bitch. You fucking coward. You fucking coward! You show yourself.” She turned in a circle. He must be there. He wouldn’t want to miss it. 

“You know when a body burns, it snaps and crackles. It’s not very loud. Probably only animals can hear it. Cats. Dogs.”

She felt white-hot rage. 

“Wolves,” he added. 

She shook with anger. Unable to move, eyes scanning the treeline around her, trying not to look at the house, the cabin where her family… her family. 

“You… you