’ve got to make up some ridiculous reason why you’re just sitting there waiting in the car.”

“Stiles.”

“Yes.”

“Shut. Up.”

Derek’s eyes flash red again and Stiles cowers slightly. “Okay. Totally shutting up now.”

Derek had said that grimoires had a smell to them and he’s hoping that his nose will lead them to one. 

Stiles has been dying to make nose or smelling jokes all night. The nose knows, hit it on the nose, nosing around, on the trail like a bloodhound. It’s fraught with possibilities. 

In the partial darkness, Stiles is transfixed watching Derek’s muscles bunch and shift under his shirt. He can feel his fingers tingling with want, just thinking about reaching out and touching. 

He actually has his hand up and hovering over Derek’s back when Derek suddenly pauses, turns slightly and then grabs Stiles and starts shoving him toward the back of the bookshop. 

Oh God, the manhandling. Again. 

Derek pushes him into a small janitor’s closet and then catches him when Stiles almost steps into the mop bucket. He wobbles a bit and hits the mop which starts to tip over before Derek catches that too, stepping into the too small closet and pulling the door shut behind him. 

He’s chest to chest. 

With Derek Hale. 

He feels his dick give a little twitch and he prays like he has never prayed before that his dick will suddenly understand the concept of ‘inappropriate time’ and can comprehend the many, many, many ways he will take care of it later if only it promises to behave. Just this one time. 

It occurs to him that he’s totally not sure why they’re in the janitor’s closet. He’s trying to see Derek in the dark but he can’t even make out his silhouette. 

“What-”

Derek claps his hand over Stiles mouth before he can say anything more. Stiles knows his own eyes must be as large as saucers as he tries to see in the inky black. 

“Quiet,” Derek breathes in Stiles’ ear and Holy God, Derek’s hot breath across his ear and his neck - he can’t help it, he’s sixteen for Christ’s sake. He swallows hard and prays twice as hard because his dick, that traitor, is totally seeing this situation different. 

Stiles’  brain sees them in the middle of a B and E and there’s the distinct possibility they will get caught. 

His dick thinks they are pressed up against Derek; Derek is breathing in their ear and it’s fucking awesome. 

He squirms a bit, thinking maybe he can put some distance between himself and Derek, but Derek drops his hand from Stiles’ mouth and uses both hands on Stiles’ biceps to yanks him closer.

Stiles brain: zero, Stiles dick: +1.

He exhales on a shaky breath and then tries to take a deep breath in. Calm thoughts, calm thoughts. Totally unsexy thoughts. Totally unsexy thoughts that are not Derek’s muscles all pressed up against the length of Stiles’ body and that is not Derek’s thigh almost slotted between Stiles’ legs. 

“Stop squirming,” Derek mouths against his ear and another shudder goes through Stiles’ body and travels straight to his dick. 

And he maybe whimpers a little. 

He feels Derek still. He wasn’t really moving before but suddenly, he’s perfectly motionless against Stiles and Stiles can feel a hot flush burn its way up his chest, neck and cheeks because he knows he’s totally sporting wood and with the way Derek is mashed up against him, there’s no way he can’t feel it. 

Derek’s lips move close to Stiles ear and Stiles has a moment of panic, thinking ‘Oh shit, is it customary in the wolf kingdom to bite off the ear of a wolf that’s mortally offended you or something?’.

Derek licks up the delicate shell of Stiles ear and Stiles’ knees buckle a bit and all his blood surges to his dick and it brushes up against Derek’s leg and it’s the most fantastic thing he’s ever felt. 

Derek pushes him back and Stiles fees the wall of the closet against his back and fuckit, he can’t see anything but it doesn’t even matter because Derek is nudging his legs apart with one of his (stupidly) muscled thighs and fuck it feels so good. 

He can feel Derek’s breath hot and a little damp on his face, and then Derek’s hands are traveling up Stiles’ arms, pushing into his clavicle and encircling his neck and then one of Derek’s thumbs is at Stiles’ bottom lip. Stiles’ darts out his tongue and licks it and it’s salty and hot and Derek huffs out an exhale and then smashes his lips into Stiles’. 

It’s hot and wet and slippery and it’s so not coordinated or smooth and Stiles’ doesn’t fucking care. He’s managed to get his hands underneath Derek’s shirt and he’s touching