closer than he thought and it occurred to him that it might be coming from the teen. Oh. Well he knows why he’s here now and he could tell the guy was obviously suffering. With his good hand, Derek picked up his jacket from his own lap and draped it over Stiles’, giving a nod to the kid as his head flew over, eyes wide.

Well he wasn’t expecting Mr Hot Guy to give him his leather coat, but the way he did it was just so embarrassing. Still, it did the trick at hiding his tenting trousers and Stiles gave the guy his best ‘you’re my savior’ eyes, hearing the other man let out a huff of a laugh. Seems this sex toy has come in handy for something other than orgasms and getting stuck inside anuses. “Thanks so much.”

“Don’t mention it.” The guy gruffed out thick and low. Stiles couldn’t help the involuntary shiver down his back, his cock throbbing. Sexy voice, piercing bedroom eyes, beard trimmed by the gods, muscles. This guy was dripping pure sex. It was right up Stiles’ alley of fantasy needs.

“I’m Stiles. So, um. Ouch. How’d that happen then?” Of everything happening right now it was amazing how Stiles didn’t notice the guy’s bloody hand until just then. He cringed; the guy must be in a lot of pain and he probably didn’t want to sit next to someone awkward as he was. Likewise, Stiles didn’t want to hear the gruesome story but he needed the distraction right now.

Derek lifted his eyes to peer at the dish towel wrapped around his hand, now soaked red. He had lost feeling in his hand half an hour ago, whether that meant good or bad things he was still very pleased with this fact. His eyes returned to the shaking teenager – Stiles – who named their kid Stiles? Now that he was actually looking, he noticed the moles dusting over the teenager’s subtly tanned skin and the way his collarbones appeared sharp, almost edible. Those eyes, like a deer’s but more curious than frightened. Stiles was cute, obviously turned on and needed someone to take the edge of. He could be that person, but he noticed that he was taking too much time to answer and replied nonchalantly. “My friend wasn’t looking.”

Well that was shortly put. It didn’t help him forget his predicament at all, squirming in his seat as the vibe just kept going, unrelenting. He could almost cum from this but he knew now wasn’t the time, not like that would help anything. A nurse came in and for a moment it was like an angel came out from the heavens to take away his suffering, but she called out someone else’s name and his dreams were shattered. His face visibly falling as he had to live with this pleasurable torture for fuck knows how long. “Haah…”

Derek glanced over at the suffering teenager once more, swallowing thickly at his sadistic streak showing through; he wanted Stiles to wait for as long as it took for him to squirm and cry. Then again when do these types of moments arise? A cute guy with a sex toy inside him, diving him crazy, he wanted to get filthy with him right there. With a boost of self-confidence, Derek he reached over to pat Stiles’ knee with his good hand, grinning internally when he felt him flinch and let out a muffled whimper through his bitten lip. “I could help you with that.”

At first he didn’t understand what Mr Hot Guy was implying until his cock twitched against his zipper. Oh. Stiles couldn’t believe his luck; Mr Hot Guy was giving him an invitation to be sexual, and he would take it in a heartbeat. But. This wasn’t really the best place or time to get jiggy with it. He could get something for later though, if Hot Guy was offering. There was no way he was going to get up and fuck in the emergency room toilets and possibly miss his name being called, it wasn’t worth it. “I don’t even know your name.”

“It’s Derek.” The injured man pulled a slightly wrinkled business card out of his jeans pocket; handing it over to Stiles and watching him writhe to get leverage so he wouldn’t move his hips, taking the card with shaky hands. His fingers were nimble and thin, and this thumb had the cutest mole on it. Derek wanted to kiss it. He wanted to do more and it was obvious that Stiles was interested but, not right now? He could wait; it probably wouldn’t be comfortable to fuck the twink ass with something blocking his way to get deep inside.

“Well Derek, that’s a lovely proposal but we are surrounded by people and it would look weird with your hand under your jacket.” Stiles gritted his teeth when another nurse came out and called a bratty looking child inside with their family, ugh why