‘this miscreant while I deal with the prissy one.’ Finstock had left mumbling about testosterone blockers and duels with nerf balls and nothing else that made sense.  Jackson and Stiles are like oil and water - if oil and water got into constant fights and continually kept getting detention. There are multiple problems with the two of them, the biggest two being Jackson’s inability to keep his mouth shut and thinking his dad’s money and power mean he can get away with anything, coupled with Stiles’ innate need to put people in their place and his huge brain which can slice through Jackson’s ego like butter and find the softest, most delicate spot and then cut. It keeps ending in physical violence. 


“You should let him talk. He’ll burn out fast enough.”


Stiles snorts, hands trailing up Derek’s side, his long fingers running over Derek’s ribs, pressing in slightly at each indentation between his ribs. Derek wants to curl toward each press of fingertip, but his ribs won’t splay and spread that way. 


“But then how would I keep ending up with detention and then get to spend all this time with you? Besides, Jackson Whittmore is a dick. He’s worse than a dick. He’s a dick with money and a pretty face. And actually, his face is prettier than his dick which, if you’ve seen his dick, isn’t that hard.”


“Can we not talk about Jackson Whittmore and his dick?” Derek asked flatly, dropping his hips against Stiles, feeling the length of Stiles, hot and hard against him. Stiles sighs happily and then smirks. 


“You sure?” His eyes are bright and mischievous. “I mean, maybe you’d like me to talk about it more. Jackson Whittmore’s fetching face and ugly dick.”


Derek rolls his hips and Stiles gasps, arching beneath him, eyes fluttering shut so prettily, his long lashes dark against his cheeks. 


“Okay,” Stiles breathes, “you win.”


Derek finds the lube that Stiles was using, discarded carelessly on the bed and reaches for it with one hand even as Stiles wraps a leg around his waist. 


“I’m good, I’m ready,” Stiles says, voice low and throaty, reaching out and stilling Derek’s hand. How is it he can be barely a slip of a man but have that voice? And those arms, Derek thinks, eyes following the length of Stiles’ fingers, up his hands and then his forearms. He’s growing into pieces of himself - parts of him already the man he’ll become but other parts, like his baby face and his doe eyes, still so young. 


“You’re not ready,” Derek murmurs, snagging the lube and trying to open it with one hand. “You just got here.”


Stiles arches his back, pushing his hips against Derek’s. “I already jerked off twice in the shower today, stretching myself, thinking of you. I’m good. Come on, fuck me, Mr. Hale.”


Derek’s unable to stop the low, long drawn out groan from escaping his throat. Stiles will be the death of him. Derek’s brain is immediately filled with the image of Stiles, naked and wet in his shower, mouth open and eyes fluttering as he jerks himself off, stretching himself, knowing he was coming over, coming to Derek’s.


He manages to get some lube on his fingers and then reaches down between them, pressing against Stiles’ hole. It makes Stiles gasp and squirm, and Derek’s easily able to slip in two fingers with no problem. 


“See?” Stiles breathes. “C’mon.” He grabs at Derek’s shoulders, gets his other leg around Derek’s waist, using all of his body to entice Derek closer, coax Derek into fucking him, as if Derek needed any further persuasion. Derek lines up and presses into Stiles in a long, continuous push. He watches Stiles’ face as his mouth falls open, his eyelashes blink, his chest heaves and he sighs. 


Most people like sex, but Stiles luxuriates in it, savoring getting fucked. As Derek starts thrusting in and out of him, Stiles stretches out, legs and arms reaching far, back arching, neck exposed, his skin tight over his Adam's apple and throat. Stiles sighs and moans into it, like a sumptuous morning stretch, or a decadent mouthful of food and Derek can’t take his eyes off him. Derek mouths at Stiles’ skin, revels in the heat of Stiles’, the tightness of him stretched around Derek’s cock, the way Stiles’ fingers twitch and jerk until Stiles presses them against Derek’s headboard, using them as a bit of leverage to push himself back into Derek, forcing Derek deeper. 


“Oh, fuck, please, please,” Stiles pants and Derek will give him anything he asks for. He fucks into Stiles harder, sharper, the force of it moving Stiles up the bed slightly. “Fuck, Der, please