d be miserable." As soon as the last words left Stiles' mouth, Nick's smile dropped to regret and guilt. It quickly disappeared, and lft Stiles wondering if he'd imagined it.
Nick pulled out a pencil and paper and started writing on the paper. Stiles decided not to say anything.

"Thank you," Nick said, finally.

"No problem," Stiles said, stopping the car outside the hotel. "Nick, how do you like your pack?"

"I shouldn't say anything," Nick said, and Stiles nodded. 

"Alright."

"But really, Stiles, thank you for being so kind." 

"Honestly, it's alright," Stiles said. With one last smile, Nick was up and out the door.

Stiles looked down at the passenger seat and stopped. Lying on it was a piece of notebook paper with his name scrawled across it.
__

"Just think about it, Stiles, just think for one moment about all the things that could have happened!" Derek was angry, more angry than Stiles had seen him in a while, and the rest of the pack sat there silently. Stiles couldn't decide whether to feel guilty or annoyed. 

"Listen to me!" He said finally. Derek shut up and glared fiercely at him. "The whole time Nick and I were in very public places. I made sure of that."

"You drove him back to the hotel," Derek pointed out. 

"Derek, please. Let me make my own choices, alright? I know you might think it, but I'm not a complete idiot!"

"I don't-"

Stiles cut him off. "Besides- he left me a note."

"What?" Erica asked, suddenly interested in being a part of the conversation. 

"I told him I would be miserable if I was stuck in a cold, reserved pack, and he just suddenly seemed upset. He quickly got back to his normal self, but he pulled out a pen and paper and started writing. I decided not to comment on it. Then he left this on the seat." Stiles pulled out the note and handed it to Erica. 

She took it and opened it, reading aloud. "'Stiles- I've never gone against my family in anything, but I suppose that just goes to show I'm weak. I don't like them and they don't like me. You said you'd be miserable in a pack like mine- they want you in it. They want you because you're special. Right now, by writing this note, I am being the most rebellious I have ever been in my entire life. They're not here to find a missing pack member, they're here to convince you. They decided to use me to persuade you romantically, but they didn't count on two things- one, that you wouldn't be interested, and two, that I would actually like you. So here's me trying to make amends. Look out. They'll take you by force if they have to.'"

"What?" Isaac asked. 

"That's what I thought," Stiles said. Derek looked a little stunned. "Apparently the Calhoun pack wants me- and really badly too. But why? I can't be that amazing."

"I'm not sure," Derek said, "but you're staying with Scott tonight."

"But what about my dad?"

"He'll be safer that way," Scott said. "If you're not there, they won't be interested in him. Hopefully."

"Alright," Stiles agreed, trying not to think and worry about Nick.

"Today," said Andrews, "we'll be working with fire."

"Is this guy even a qualified science teacher?" Stiles whispered to Nick, who was sitting by him. 

"Probably not," Nick said. Stiles barely contained a giggle and Nick shot him a grin. 

"Why did he decide to have us work with fire on the random day it decided to be hot?" Stiles exclaimed. Nick shrugged and Stiles noticed his long sleeves. 

"On your desks," Andrews droned on, "you'll find a box of matches, a magnifying glass, a glass bowl, and some shredded paper. Your table lights are under the desks- pull them out. Your partner is the person sitting at your desk with you. If you don't have a partner, find one."

The two quickly set up their tools and pulled out the light. Stiles clipped it to the desk, wondering if Nick was alright. He seemed rather tense- more so than usual- and Stiles found himself worrying. 

"Hey," he whispered, "I need to talk to you about the-"

"Not now!" Nick hissed, his eyes flicking to his packmates sitting at various desks. Stiles shut his mouth and nodded. 

"Alright."

"First, you will each light twenty matches and record how many broke, how many lit, and how many strikes it took to light