Jackson knew who it was now, because he only knew of two dweebs that would have that sort of shit in their locker.

“Stilinski?” he barked, though his tone ended up being more questioning than he would’ve liked. 

Stiles jumped upright, his head nearly missing the shelf in his locker and his arm swinging wide as he spun himself around. There was something off in the way he moved, like he had finally grown into his limbs. But no, he was still gangly as fuck, and Jackson pushed the feeling down. 

“What the hell are you doing here?” Jackson said with as much venom in his voice as he could muster. 

Stiles stepped forward, and sent himself awash with the light from a nearby window. His face was so gaunt and tired looking that Jackson had to wonder how late it was, how many times Stiles had been there in the last week. Then Stiles took another step forward, squared his shoulders, and Jackson let a slow breath out of his nose.

“I could ask the same of you, you know. A late night working out?” Stiles let out a mock gasp before continuing, “You know you’re not supposed to be doing that with your heart condition.” 

Jackson sneered. “You know that’s not real,” he said. Doctors hadn’t known why he’d died on the field, or how he’d come back. His father was going to move him away if Melissa McCall hadn’t stepped in and done something illegal.

Another step forward. Jackson hissed as his bare back touched the cool tiles on the wall next to the shower; he hadn’t been aware that he’d been moving. Stiles’ eyes swept down Jackson’s body almost exaggeratedly, and Jackson stifled a shiver. His eyes rested on Jacksons arms for a moment, before snapping back up to meet Jackson’s. The side of his mouth pulled up in a sinister grin.

“Aw, look who’s feeling scaly again,” Stiles said, and Jackson froze. No snarky mention of Lydia’s love, no complaint about how hard they worked to get Jackson past being a Kanima. Something wasn’t right, and Jackson couldn’t place what it was.

Another step forward still, and they were nearly chest to chest. Jackson pressed his back as far against the wall as he could, but the space didn’t decrease.  “You deserve better than this, Jackson,” Stiles continued. He raised his hand as he spoke and placed it against Jackson’s chest, pushing him flatter against the wall. “You know you do. Why should you be stuck in this old mess––you got through it already. Is it Scott? Still feeling jealous?”

Jackson clenched his teeth and resisted the urge to swallow. His mouth felt so dry. “Who are you,” he said, no demanded, but Stiles ignored him. Instead his hand trailed south, tracing skin until his fingertips barely brushed the base of Jackson’s soft dick. 

He couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe. Until Stiles broke the spell. 

“You’re so tense,” Stiles said, and he leaned forward until his lips brushed Jackson’s ear. “You should let me take care of that,” he whispered, and Jackson kept himself from shuddering. What the fuck was going on. 

He jolted forward and grabbed Stiles by the wrist, forcing him away. “Who are you,” Jackson roared with barely contained anger. 

Something changed in Stiles’ eyes, something darker, and he started to laugh. Nothing about it was anything like Stiles’ annoying as fuck laugh. It was like he was running Jackson’s own nails against a chalkboard while a creepy-ass dead children’s chorus sang happy birthday with a bike horn accompaniment.

Stiles broke from Jackson’s grip, and with a strength Jackson didn’t think was possible in Stiles' body, he grabbed Jackson by the throat and pushed him hard against the locker room wall. 

“You’re right, you might be pretty, but this one would never hop off Scott’s dick or stop thirsting for your ex-girlfriend.”

Jackson swallowed, his neck working against the hand around it. “I asked you a question.”

Stiles-–or whoever-–laughed again, and Jackson’s toes curled against the slick tile beneath him. 

“Look at you–-trying to be strong.”

“Did you get bitten? Did Scott bite you?”

Stiles smiled wide, and Jackson was just thankful he didn’t laugh again. “Oh, I’m not a Kanima, Jackson. You’re the only fuck up who got to experience that-” the fingers around Jackson’s neck flexed “-but isn’t the real question who’s controlling you?” Stiles’ voice tapered off to a whisper, and he quirked his head to the side, mocking Jackson. His grip on Jackson’s throat shifted, gripping his chin and pulling Jackson’s bottom lip down a little with his index finger, and Jackson sucked in a breath without