and it’s good for him to be around his pack like that, especially now. He misses her, and I sort of understand, but it’s different for me because I see Allison all the time now, but anyway. He told me that he and Erica didn’t realise they were mates until this one time where Erica kissed Derek – yeah I know, don’t ask – and they both felt weird about it until they talked to each other and figured it out.”

“Aha. Well, anyway, that has nothing to do with me and Derek – and there is no me and Derek at all because I’m sure werewolves have mates and stuff, but only with other werewolves and I am so not ready to go running through the woods on a moonlit night, chasing squirrels and rats.”

“Mates can be human – look at me an Allison.”

“Allison’s not your mate.”

“I think of her as my mate. And she probably is. I mean, if someone else tried to, like, kiss her…I’d kill them.”

Stiles moans in despair, because that’s exactly what he didn’t want to hear, but there you go. Apparently, maybe, he’s Derek’s mate. And Derek apparently, maybe, won’t let him get off this potential killer’s potential hit list because he won’t let him have sex with someone else. Heaven forbid thinking about having sex with Derek because Derek might kill him for just imagining stuff like that.

“So what did Boyd say?” Stiles isn’t too sure he really wants to know, but anyway.

“Well, he doesn’t really know that much about mates, either, but he did say that Derek’s behaviour was, like, over the top, even for a mate. Boyd actually said that he’s worried about you, because if you…try anything with someone else, Derek will know immediately and probably kill both you and the other person.”

Stiles’ mouth is open with half-chewed pizza within it, and he’s staring in shock at Scott.

“It isn’t that bad, is it?” He asks carefully, swallowing quickly.

“I think it is. He’s pretty intense, man.” Scott nods in sympathy and then turns back to his pizza.

Stiles doesn’t know how he gets into situations like this. What is it with Beacon Hills, anyhow? How is this normal? Does this happen anywhere else and if so how do people deal with it?

They finish the pizza and watch a TV movie because they couldn’t decide what to watch and then Scott leaves. Stiles gets a text from his dad telling him that he’s going to be covering, heh, Jake Boyd’s shift that night and won’t be home until the next morning.

Stiles checks every door and window in the house twice before showering and going to bed later on, because Derek told him to do that yesterday and even if he hadn’t, there’s nothing wrong with being prepared and protected.

So when he hears footsteps on the roof outside his window and then scratching on the glass, Stiles’ heart leaps into his throat and he twists under the covers, breathing harshly and trying to make himself look as flat and nonexistent as possible.

Then – there’s knocking on the window, and it’s not even normal knocking but it sounds hesitant and forced, as though whoever’s there would rather not have to do that.

It takes Stiles a minute or two to actually gather the courage to chuck the covers off of himself and look at the window.

And then he wishes he hadn’t.

Because Derek’s there, crouching outside his window, glaring surlily into the room.

“Jesus Christ, Derek, what the hell, man?” Stiles gets off his bed on shaky legs and unlocks the window, stepping back to let Derek leap into his bedroom. “What are you doing here, dude? Were you trying to break into my room, seriously? Even after you told me to lock everything in order to protect myself?”

Derek stretches in the centre of the room and Stiles closes the window because there’s a cold breeze coming through.

“Just making sure you’re still alive.”

“Oh, ha ha, very funny, I’m fine, as you can tell, because I’m not about to be killed. Unless, like, you want to kill me because, heh, well, I totally didn’t send your sister mixed messages or anything, because I had no idea she felt that way about me, like – “

“Stiles.” And that tone is definitely warning.

“Yup, shutting up, I mean, what would your sister even want with me, like, have you seen me? I’m not exactly boyfriend material for a Hale – I mean, her! Her, not just a Hale because like there aren’t a lot of Hales left and I mean why would I