thrusts with his wrist. Seriously, no guy should be able to be that nonchalant and that good at fingering; it shouldn't be legal. Stiles let out a sharp noise of protest as Derek pulled his fingers out and leaned over the side of the bed to rummage around in Stiles's luggage.

"Other left, man," Stiles said eventually, glancing over the side of the bed to see what was taking so long.

Derek took the direction and opened the other pocket, pulling himself back onto the bed, condom in tow.

"That's a total mood killer, you know," Stiles informed him, finding his voice again.

"I could stop, if you wanted me to," Derek said for the second time that night, tone slightly confused and gaze fixated pointedly on Stiles's crotch where he was still mostly hard.

"Dude no." Stiles grabbed the condom package from Derek, tearing it open and rolling it on. "You don't tease for that long and then back out, man. Just fuck me already." Derek apparently didn't take hints very well, because Stiles had to place Derek's cock at his entrance and try to shimmy down onto it from his awkwardly sprawled position on the bed before Derek finally got with the program and started pushing in.

"Yes," Stiles hissed out, relaxing against the intrusion and letting Derek take over. Derek started off slowly, like he wasn't sure Stiles was as ready as he said. Stiles resisted the urge to roll his eyes - in his experience, eye rolls during sex didn't lead to happy endings - and started pushing back onto Derek in a slightly faster rhythm.

"Fuck." Derek said, increasing his pace as he placed his hands on either side of Stiles's head, leaning down. Stiles reached up to pull Derek towards him, resting their foreheads together as they panted against each other's mouths. Stretching up slightly, Stiles licked at Derek's lips and tangled his fingers in his hair (it was made for that, after all), pulling Derek into a kiss.

It felt like more of a mess of teeth and tongue than a proper kiss, but Stiles was okay with that for right now. He could get his soft kisses later, maybe, when they weren't fucking. If Derek wanted to do this again.

Because Stiles definitely wanted to do this again.

"We will," Derek mumbled against his lips, and oh, Stiles must have said that out loud. He considered saying something else, something along the lines of can I ride you next time when Derek started moving in earnest, drawing a series of short gasping moans from Stiles. While Stiles was regaining control of his arms, Derek reached down between them and started working at Stiles's cock.

"Shiiiit," Stiles moaned out, mind whiting out for a few seconds as Derek squeezed the head in his palm, spreading Stiles's precome over the shaft. If he had been more coherent, Stiles would have put together an ode to Derek's handjob skills, but as it was he barely managed to get out a loud grunt before he was coming between them. Derek continued thrusting three, four more times before he slammed all the way in and held still. Stiles felt him come, his cock twitching and pulling slightly at Stiles's walls as they clamped down around him. Stiles felt his own dick jerk slightly in response.

They lay there for a moment, getting their breath back, before Derek grabbed the base of the condom and slowly pulled out. Stiles cringed a little as Derek slipped all the way out, the flare of the head pulling uncomfortably at his rim. Derek tossed the condom and rolled over onto the bed next to Stiles, using the edge of the hotel sheet to wipe off the worst of the come from Stiles's stomach before cuddling up behind him and burying his nose in Stiles's hair.

Cuddling. Derek was cuddling him. Stiles knew there was some sort of joke that would be perfect with that, but there was something else that was bothering him.

"Why'd you do it?" he asked, trying not to sound like he was about to fall asleep.

"Hmm?"

"Sex. Why'd you do it?"

"Smelled like arousal when I walked into the shop," Derek mumbled in reply. "Wasn't sure it was for me until you started dreaming."

Stiles blushed, realizing that he must have been calling for Derek in his dream fantasy. Which made sense, since he'd been thinking about Derek all day in the car, but still.

"Dude, we need to work on your boundaries."

"Sleep," Derek grunted, pulling Stiles in closer and nuzzling behind his ear.

Stiles grinned, letting Derek curl up behind him. They might have a lot to talk about in the morning, but he was pretty sure this trip would be a lot more fun than he'd originally expected.



 

Talking the next morning didn't go quite as well as Stiles had hoped. And by not going well, he really