The first time Peter met him, the boy didn't register as anything else than a source of information, the last remaining member of his clan and a scared pup, who probably hasn't even began to learn his place in the word, in that order. The boy got to live only because he got crushed beneath his dead mother's body, covered in blood and gore and too terrified or too smart to scream in terror. Peter would have overlooked him as well among the stench of death if he hadn't accidentally stepped on the boy's limp hand. The whine and the stuttering heartbeat drew Peter's attention and he quickly scanned his surroundings again for signs of danger, before he focused on the bright wet terrified eyes staring at him from the ground.Peter rolls the body off the boy and pulls him up into a sitting position. The pup goes falling back to the floor the moment Peter's hands are off him, so he has to keep a hold on the boy's shoulders to keep him upright as he looks him over.His body is mostly whole, the only part of him hurt the hand that Peter crushed under his boot, but it's minimal damage compared to what could have happened to the boy. His eyes though, they're misted over with the terrors he witnessed and the grief that has not yet had time to set in.Peter can't tell if he'll be of any use, but the way the pup leans into his touch as Peter inspects him has him picking him up anyway, holding him at his hip as he makes the trek back to their territory.It's two days later when Peter takes the cub to the Alpha, his sister, for questioning and for her to decide what to do with the boy. Peter has forced some water into him along the way, failed in coaxing him to eat, and held him close as they boy whimpered through the nightmares, sweating and twitching, but not making and loud noise. Like he's learned to keep quiet even during sleep.Some awareness seems to have come back to him, but the boy doesn't do much else but nod or shake his head in answer to Talia's questions, dirty little fingers clutching tight at the leg of Peter's pants the whole time. The child presses his face against Peter's leg as they wait for Talia to decide his faith and it's so unfamiliar for Peter - to be considered safe. As if for once someone is counting on him to protect them and not just eliminate what he deems a threat. Even his  nieces and nephews never held onto him that way although he never did them any harm, never cared enough to. And here's this poor, damaged orphan, hurt beyond repair by the cruel world they live in, clinging to him and seemingly trusting him more than the healers that tried to tend to  him, more than the mother figure that Talia projects.It's peculiar and inconvenient both, when Talia decides to just saddle Peter with the boy."He seems to respond to you best. We should put him through the stress of parting you two," Talia decides, "He might tell us more once he's had time to settle. See that he's taken care off," she orders and that's it.It's definitely the last time Peter picked any strays, Peter thinks as he leads the boy through the village and all the way back to his hut.