. Derek loves Stiles’ eyes. They’re deep and dark but not so dark that they have no texture. When Stiles isn’t trying to hide anything,  his eyes project everything he feels, everything he thinks. 

But right now, Stiles is keeping them a little blank. But still... fun. 

“Was I speeding?” Derek asks. 

“Hands on the hood,” Stiles commands and Derek feels another shock run through him at the tone in Stiles’ voice. Derek takes a step toward the front of the car and then bends slightly at the hip to place his hands on the warm, smooth hood of the car. He cants his hips back just a little to stick his ass out a bit more. 

“Busted tail light?” Derek says, looking over his shoulder slightly. 

“Eyes forward.”

Stiles kicks at the inside of Derek’s ankles a bit and Derek widens his stance slightly. He feels the heat of Stiles’ body as he steps closer to Derek, almost touching him. 

Almost. But not quite. 

“You’ve got a bit of a reputation with the Beacon Hills Sheriff’s Department, Mr. Hale,” Stiles says and holy fuck he starts frisking Derek, starting at Derek’s wrists. He fits his body right against Derek’s and starts running his hands up Derek’s arms, and then his shoulders, then the splay of his shoulder blades. He smoothes his fingers down under Derek’s arms and Derek flinches and twitches. He’s ticklish there and Stiles fucking knowsthat. 

“Stay still.”

Derek takes a deep breath and concentrates on staying still as Stiles runs his hands over the front of Derek’s chest, down his sternum and then back around his ribcage to the small of his back. Stiles’ hands are strong and slim as they press into the curve where Derek’s back turns into the swell of his ass. Stiles runs his hands over Derek’s ass much to quickly for Derek’s liking and Derek can’t stop a sound of protest from escaping. He tries to cover it up by speaking.

“Any and all charges were dropped.”

Stiles makes a low ‘hmmm’ sound and then both of his hands wrap around one of Derek’s thigh and drag slowly down the denim all the way to the ankle before Stiles switches to the other leg and does the same thing. 

“Do you know what the speed limit is around here, Mr. Hale?” Stiles asks. He’s standing up again, pressed up against Derek’s back. Derek can still hear his heart pounding - loud and steady but faster than usual. The kicker is, Derek doesn’t actually know what the speed limit is around here. 

“Fifty?” he hazards. Derek’s cock is starting to get hard, pressing against his jeans and he shifts his hips slightly pushing back against Stiles provocatively. 

Stiles presses back against Derek. “Forty-five,” he says, low in his ear. 

“My mistake,” Derek says, turning his head slightly and grinning. Jesus. They’re out here on the side of the road and the cruiser’s lights are just bathing them in visibility. Anyone could come along. It’s not a highly trafficked road but it’s not a private one either. He feels himself get harder. 

Fuck, Stiles always has the best ideas. 

Stiles runs his hand down the front of Derek’s jeans, feeling the swell of his dick. “What have we here, Mr. Hale. Concealed weapon?”

Fuck, Derek wants to laugh because it’s so cliched and like something out of a bad porn movie. He actually huffs out a breath of humor but it ends on a quiet moan as Stiles presses the heel of his hand against Derek’s dick. 

“Going fifteen over the limit and possibly carrying a concealed weapon,” Stiles muses in Derek’s ear, his breath hot and moist against the shell. “With your history, it might not go so well.”

Stiles presses his hand against Derek’s dick again and Derek jerks his hips forward. “Maybe,” Derek says as he licks his lips. “Maybe we can work something out.”

Stiles shifts closer, his body a long, hot line against Derek’s. “Are you propositioning an officer of the law, Mr. Hale?”

Derek swivels his hips a little and he can feel the reactive jerk of Stiles’ hips in return, feel the hard length of Stiles’ erection pressing against his ass. 

“I just want to ensure everyone goes home... satisfied.”

Stiles sucks the meaty part of Derek’s ear lobe into his mouth and bites down on it hard, just the way Derek loves and he can’t stop a moan from bubbling up from deep in his throat. Derek tips his head a bit to the side, exposing his neck and Stiles’ teeth let go from their painful grip on Derek’s ear and start nipping at the thin, stubbly skin just above Derek’s jugular. 

At the same time, one of Stiles’ hands is fumbling with the