as one for Stiles and zero for Sad-Derek. And maybe an erasure of one on the “Scott-is-a-lying-asshole” mantle Stiles had started keeping around when he met Allison. 

It turned out removing Riley’s head is less of a solo man job and more of an outside-the-suit man job. Stiles struggled for a good five minutes at least on his own before asking Derek for help. 

“Don’t just sit there with your thumb up your butt,” Stiles whined. “Be a nice guy and help me.” Derek’s lip quirked but he made no move to help. Stiles sighed and tried again, muttering about asshole hockey players under his breath.

It was only when Stiles managed to accidently throw himself into the bedside table that he felt Derek’s hands lift Riley’s head off. “Geez, Stiles. That was so easy. I should’ve done that from the beginning but I felt like watching you suffer because I am the world biggest asshole.” 

Derek made no response to Stiles’ taunting, instead choosing to set the head on his other side, away from Stiles’ hands. Stiles huffed out a breath and wiped some sweat off his brow. 

The room was silent again, the only noise coming from Stiles shifting aimlessly against the hospital sheets in Riley. He turned to speak several times, mouth gaping open wide, but always hesitated when his eyes ran the length of Derek’s unsettled frame. Derek didn’t notice as far as Stiles knew, however, his focus shifted entirely onto glaring hard at his own palms resting across his knees.  

Stiles sucked in a breath when Derek turned to look at him, his heart drooping heavily into his stomach. He opened his mouth once, then twice, then three times before he actually said anything, and when he did Stiles has to hold his breath to keep from drowning Derek out. “Thank you. I was feeling…” There’s a short pause before Derek continued, as if he was trying to find the right words to say. “Light headed. I was feeling light headed.”

Stiles nodded his head slowly, mouth suddenly dry. Derek was glaring off to his side, probably at Riley’s mug, and Stiles could see a little red tingeing Derek’s ears, but maybe he’s just reading to far into it. All he knew is that he wanted to reach out and maybe squeeze Derek’s shoulder or leg or something, and it took everything in him to keep his hands in his lap. 

But maybe just a little touch would be okay.

Isaac knocked on the door, breaking whatever tension was in the air, and Stiles may have jumped a little in surprise, not that he would ever admit it. “We finished the route. You guys ready to head to the cafeteria?”

Derek nodded his head, standing up and pressing Riley’s head into Stiles’ stomach until Stiles fell backwards onto the bed. “Yes. I am ready.”

*

It was nearing the end of the season for the Queens and Stiles was dreading the bet he had made with Derek. The team was leading their division by a substantial amount of points and they could lose three out of their four remaining games and still hold their lead of the division, and division leaders automatically made it into the playoffs. They were pretty much guaranteed, and judging by Derek’s face, Stiles knew that Derek knew that too. He had to uphold his end of the bargain. 

Fuck. 

Stiles thought about forgetting his skates, but Stiles was well aware of how many extras there were laying around the arena and Derek would make him borrow a pair of his own if Stiles claimed to not know where those other skates were. Not having pads wasn’t much of an excuse, since Derek had actually gone and bought some for Stiles after Scott found out about the bet and was determined to get Stiles to play hockey again too. Derek said that Scott had chipped in, but Stiles doubted that considering the utter confusion that had been written across Scott’s face when Stiles asked him about it. But then again Scott wasn’t always aware when it wasn’t in the moment or didn’t involve Allison. 

So he was forced to reluctantly suit up. Stiles felt awkward and out of place in the gear, like he was a forty-something year old parent trying on their teenaged kid’s clothes to make themself feel younger. 

Derek grinned at him when he came out of the locker room and stepped on the ice. It was a strange feeling, cutting into the ice and gliding across instead of walking across on sneakers like he had done for years. It felt a lot like greeting an old friend, and Stiles wasn’t sure if the feeling in the pit of his stomach was joy or dread. 

“Ready to have your ass kicked?” Derek asked, tapping his stick against the ice. He had a determined-intense-glare on today, instead of his usual I-am-annoyed-with-your-existence-today-Stiles glare. 

“