it was investigated as a murder, the investigation would always fizzle out after a few weeks. Stiles protected them.

He always protected them, no matter what that meant. Whatever he had to do, whoever he had to kill, Stiles would keep them safe. It was the only thing that kept Derek sane.

The children were all together, which made things easier, but they had a babysitter, which made things more difficult. Derek killed her, because there was no way to know that she wasn't a hunter herself. He made it a quick, clean death, in case she was innocent. Derek protected them, too.

Stiles took care of the children. He took them aside one by one and talked to them. Just talked. Sometimes he'd take them into a room and they wouldn't come out, and Stiles would never tell Derek exactly what happened, but he knew.

Other times, they'd come back out with a sort of dazed expression, and they'd forget everyone and everything that had happened before they met Stiles, including meeting him, but they would be spared. Stiles usually did less clean up for those kinds of investigations. It was usually chalked up to trauma based amnesia, and if the child never got their memory back, no one really seemed surprised. Of these particular children, all but the oldest came back out, dazed, and sat down on the floor while Stiles called 911 as a concerned neighbor who'd heard a disturbance.

“Let's go,” he said after putting the phone down. As they left, the door shut of its own accord, the lock breaking and a window shattering as if forced open, and all traces of Stiles' and Derek's presence were obliterated.

“I tried to save him. Really, I did.” Stiles didn't clarify, but Derek knew he meant the oldest child.

“They'd already corrupted him.”

That meant Stiles would be getting drunk while Derek collected their pay. It wasn't really the way things were done. Stiles was, for all intents and purposes, his alpha, which meant he should be talking to the other pack. But anyone who hired them knew they didn't really do things the proper way. They provided a service where they disposed of problems no one else in the supernatural community was willing or able to do. They didn't play by the rules, and they always, always completed their tasks. The one time the aggressor in a pack war had hired them, Stiles had killed them all in their sleep and then robbed them blind. Word got around, and they hadn't had a situation like that since.

So Derek followed him back to their motel room, helped Stiles dress his few wounds. Only a gouge in his upper right arm was in need of any kind of bandage and Stiles wrapped a clean yellow strip of cloth around it because he wouldn't know subtlety if it bit him in the ass. Then Derek joined him in the shower and they slowly made out before Derek sunk to his knees and gave Stiles head until he came down Derek's throat.

Stiles stumbled out of the shower after that, and by the time Derek cleaned the blood from his nails and dried off, Stiles was already drunk. He was on the bed in loose sleep pants and his unzipped red hoodie and if Derek didn't need to go get their pay, he would have fucked him.

Priorities first. Stiles was very firm about getting paid as soon as a job was done, which meant Derek got dressed and went to the pack house immediately. News traveled fast – the alpha and the remaining pack members were waiting for him, and they thanked him, the alpha handing him an envelope full of cash.

It was only a few thousand dollars in non-sequential bills, far less than a regular assassin would ask for even a single target, much less and entire clan of hunters. Stiles didn't do it for the money. After raiding Derek's family vault and subsequent investments, they had more money than they could spend even with the exorbitant amount Stiles spent on spell ingredients. The fee they charged generally covered the cost of the motel, any supplies used, and Stiles' alcohol bill. They'd tried not charging at all at first, but that seemed to make people think they weren't professionals, or appeared too much like charity for proud packs to swallow. So Stiles charged them. Their clients felt they'd paid for a service, their expenses were paid for, Stiles got to kill people, and there were less hunters in the world. It was a perfect arrangement, unless there were kids involved.

Derek suspected he'd lost the last shred of morality he'd possessed when his pack had been murdered for the third time. He knew it should bother him that they had eliminated children today, but he just couldn't bring himself to care. Let those children grow up and it would be Kate all over again. Everything was pain, except Stiles.

Derek suspected he wouldn'