the Whittemores there tonight, he’s too nervous about what may or may not be upcoming. 

He doesn’t know how he feels about the coming night. 

But he thinks… he thinks maybe he would like them to come visit him. He looks around at the empty church - where the Hale family should be were it not for their deaths. He thinks about Derek, Laura and Peter standing by themselves at the altar, knowing they’d buried the rest of their kin. Jackson doesn’t have much of a family - he never knew his birth parents. He’d been close to the Whittemores before he learned of his adoption. After that he’d felt… detached. Removed. Like he didn’t belong and never could. He said he didn’t want them here for his wedding but looking at the empty, cavernous space yawning out behind them, he imagines what it would be like if they hadn’t arrived. Imagines how he would have felt if he’d walked into the church and looked for them and they hadn’t been there - Lady Whittemore with her fragile fingers and tremulous smile; Lord Whittemore standing strong and silent beside her. Watching Lady Whittemore twist her handkerchief in her hands, watching Lord Whittemore’s hand on her shoulder - knuckles white with tension, he wants to try. 

“I shall speak with… Derek,” Jackson says, hesitating over Hale’s name. He’s not sure what he should call him. In Jackson’s head, he is just ‘Hale’ but it seems foolish to say that out loud and he simply cannot say the words ‘my husband’ yet. “I will see if we can make arrangements to have you for dinner. Once I am, or rather, we are more settled.”

Lady Whittemore looks like she might cry and Jackson wants to run away, to escape. He can handle the slight overture he made but he cannot handle anything more. Not right now. He doesn't know if she senses it or not because she only nods, sharing a quick look with her husband. “We’d love that, Jackson.”

Jackson nods tightly and then takes his leave, escaping the suddenly cloying feeling of the cathedral to the crisp, open air outside. 

Kanima is stamping her feet off to the side where she is harnessed and he pets her neck and mane as he swings himself up into her saddle. She trots a few paces restlessly, picking up on his mood - anxious and tense. It’s a relief to both of them when he urges her into a gallop and then as he hits the countryside, a fast run, burning off the energy that thrums through them both. Hale Manor is… stark. Dreary. Over half of it is boarded up - blackened and dark with charred wood from the fire five years ago. He wonders why they haven’t torn it down and rebuilt. But then with just Laura, Derek and Peter, there wouldn’t be much point. 

There’s not enough of them to fill what remains, never mind what needs to be fixed. 

A servant lets him into the manor, greeting him with a nod and a brief, “Master Hale,” that has Jackson looking behind him wondering who the man is talking too before he realizes that it’s him - he’s Master Hale now. Derek would still have the title of Lord, Laura would be Lady Alpha, and Peter would be Sir. 

But Jackson is Master Hale. He manages to cover his surprise by fiddling with his coat and armor, taking off his sword and wedding jacket. 

“Lord Hale is upstairs in your quarters,” says the small, petite woman taking his coat and gloves. “I can show you the way, if you like.”

“Just point me in the right direction,” he says, his tone sharper than he means it to be. She bobs her head nervously and points him up the stairs and to the end of the hallway. 

He climbs the stairs with a sense of foreboding and dread. He knew he was getting married today and part of him just wants to go to the bedroom and get the whole mess over with. At the same time, he walks as slow as he can, cursing Derek Hale the whole way. Jackson’s feet are heavy on the carpet as he moves toward the door at the end of the hallway. It’s tall and dark and the air feels heavy with his reluctance. He grips the brass handle firmly. What kind of man just gets married and then retires to his bedchamber? It’s vile, it’s base, it’s…

Completely not what he expected. 

Derek Hale is sitting at a small desk in the corner, reading over some papers. 

“You’re here. Good. Have a seat. I’d like to discuss some estate business with you.”

The command is quick and sharp but not cruel and Jackson finds himself ready to obey, walking over to the other chair that Derek has set up and sitting down. 

They discuss the Hale and Whittemore estates for the