his fingers would be inside her in a couple minutes. “Ready, Stiles.”

Lydia had no shame when it came to her body; she knows how she looked and was damn proud of it. Her skin unblemished of any scars and hair from the waist down, her hips wide yet still able to fit in tight dresses – remarkable feat if she’s honest – an hourglass shape as her mother would say. Her breasts were perky yet big enough to get people’s head turning and hands so delicate that could leave a man with a stinging cheek for days. She was a woman to be reckoned with and she knew it well. Stiles was the first man to ever know the real her, respect her with his every being and not take what he pleased, he let Lydia be the woman she thought she wanted. It was only later when she realised why does she need popularity for being dumb when she could have real friends who loved that she was insanely smart?

When he turned around, Stiles had to cover his nose in case he suddenly had a nosebleed. He knew Lydia was gorgeous but here she was, in her bed, legs spread and pussy bare for him to stare at. With a thick gulp, he got to work with what the video had said about treating a lady; most girls were shy about their first g-spot orgasm so it was good to pet their skin soothingly, help them relax. So that’s what Stiles did, he got to work with stroking along her shins first, kneading the skin there and slowly working his way up to her thighs. Lydia was so trusting of him, and while he could already feel his cock start to harden by just touching her naked body, Stiles knew what he was here for and wouldn’t overstep, he cared too much about their friendship to ruin it. Watching her face, he gently massaged along her inner thighs until she spread them more, a silent command for more.

Her bladder had stopped hassling her once Stiles started touching her, and to be honest his ministrations were starting to calm her down a little, but really she wanted to get things going already. Stiles’ hands made a wide birth around her hips until he was rubbing her stomach in smooth gentle circles, the look of concentration on his face was enough for Lydia to be patient; they had plenty of time. He was muttering to himself  about what he had to do, swallowing once more and grabbing the bottle of lube, pumping some out onto his hand and lathering his fingers up. “I’ll go slow…”

Keeping to his promise, Stiles lathered both his hands in the lube and took the dive. His face was aflame with a cherry tomato blush while his thumbs gently rubbed around Lydia’s pussy, trying to remember what the guy on the video said to do; ‘don’t dive right in, stimulate the vagina from the outer labia for a sense of security before rubbing the clit’. Copying the man’s movements from memory; Stiles’ thumb went from gliding up and down Lydia’s pussy to her hooded clit, like a bud, pink and rosy. Tenderly almost teasing circles on her clit, Stiles watched Lydia flutter her eyes closed and let out a soft sigh of pleasure. “Stiles…”

“I’ve got you.” It wasn’t much but the simple caress yet it made Lydia moan for him, so Stiles kept the rubbing until she was reaching behind her to grab at the pillows, her thighs trembling. He wanted her to cum for him just like that, but the voice in the back of his head reminded him of the task at hand. Pulling his hand away, Stiles was careful to part her lips and gradually pushed a lubed finger inside. He knows that Lydia wasn’t a virgin, but that doesn’t mean he couldn’t take it slow. They weren’t an item and he certainly didn’t know how often she was sexual, so he took his time with everything, thrusting his finger in and out slowly and listened to his friend’s breathing start to pick up. He added another and made a scissor motion to his fingers in order to stretch her out more, giving her thigh a gentle rub. “I think we’re ready for the main event, don’t you think?”

Lydia wasn’t really paying much attention to Stiles’ chatting right now, far too focused on his fingers pumping into her at an agonisingly slow pace. She was used to masturbating hard and fast, loving the feeling of her pussy being made to take everything, so Stiles was practically teasing her right now. She lifted her head off the pillow, narrowing her eyes at the eager teen and watched his face pale if only a little. She didn’t appear that menacing with fingers stuffed in her pussy and her cheeks flushed with arousal but it worked to spook him. “Hurry up.”

Well if she wanted to get a move on then he wouldn’t refuse, manoeuvring his hand so his fingers were crooking up inside her. He stroked the tips of his fingers against