to take, that it’s only going to result in pain, but Derek has already said “Okay,” and Stiles has already closed the distance between them, kneeling up on the couch with his hand cupping the side of Derek’s neck. His raised eyebrows ask the question one last time, and when Derek nods, Stiles leans in and kisses him.

At first it’s just a thing that’s happening to his face, nothing special or strange, and then it gets intense much faster than Derek had been prepared for. Stiles’ hand is clutching his hair and his lips are nudging Derek’s lips open and there’s wet pressure, a lot of pressure, enough that Derek has to push back or be completely overwhelmed. And then Stiles’ tongue is in his mouth, taking Derek’s dick abruptly from limp to half-hard, and each time Derek pulls back to breathe, Stiles just leans in to kiss him again.

No one has kissed Derek like this in a very, very long time. 

Stiles tries to pull away to talk, his hand still in Derek’s hair. “See? That wasn’t--”

Derek stops that sentence by kissing Stiles again, swallowing any aborted noises Stiles makes. Derek doesn’t want to talk anymore. Talking will bring back the realities of the situation and the real reason that Stiles is kissing him, and then Derek won’t be able to go through with this. So he sucks Stiles’ tongue into his mouth and pulls Stiles up close against him, until Stiles is straddling his hips, until he can feel the warmth of Stiles’ skin pressed against his whole chest.  Stiles breathes in sharply when Derek touches his ribs, the side of his body, his thigh, and Derek tries not to think about how many times Stiles has done this, about how many points of reference he must have when all Derek has is this.

“Oh, oh god,” Stiles says, too loudly and right in Derek’s ear, when Derek pushes his hips up against Stiles. Against his abdomen he can feel the shape of Stiles’ erection, made vague by layers of cloth and denim. And Stiles must be aware of Derek’s own, which gives Derek the peculiar urge to laugh and push Stiles away in embarrassment. But if dry-humping on the couch is enough to make him feel shy, how is he going to handle actually getting naked and having sex?

Derek tries not to think about it, and lets Stiles kiss his way down Derek’s jaw and neck, gasping when he feels Stiles’ tongue and teeth against his throat. Stiles unbuckles Derek’s belt and pops the button on the fly of his jeans with one hand while trying to give Derek a hickey, which is honestly more physical coordination than Derek ever credited him with. 

And then Stiles’ hand is on Derek’s dick, his fingers wrapping around the shaft and his thumb sliding over the head, sliding the foreskin down, and Derek is completely unable to keep it cool.

“Ow, watch it, that’s a little tight,” Stiles says, and Derek makes an effort to loosen his arm wrapped around Stiles’ back. “You gotta give me--room to maneuver--”

Stiles wriggles back until he has room to stroke Derek’s dick, and it’s fucking good, it makes Derek dizzy to be touched like this by someone else’s hand instead of his own. But it’s difficult to just--let himself be touched, it makes Derek feel like the recipient of too much attention, too much care, and he needs--

“Jesus, okay, you could have just unzipped my fly like a normal person, you didn’t have to pop the button off like that, do I look like a guy who knows how to sew buttons back on--”

“Shut up,” Derek says, and Stiles acquiesces, biting down hard on his lip. The tip of Stiles’ cock is already slick with pre-come when Derek touches him, and it makes his palm slippery when Derek wraps his hand around the base. Stiles makes a high-pitched sound that Derek immediately wants to hear again, but then Stiles tightens his own grip on Derek’s dick, squeezing hard, and Derek’s brain completely shorts out.

“You like it hard like that? Is that how much pressure you like to use on yourself?” Stiles asks, as curious and thoughtful as he’s been the thousand times Derek has seen him investigating some new supernatural problem, and all Derek can do is stammer out a yes.

The motion of his own hand on Stiles feels sloppy, not tight or rhythmic enough, because Derek can’t think straight. But when Stiles meets his eyes there’s something glazed and helpless in his expression, his lips parted and his cheeks flushed, and neither of them looks away. Derek thinks about kissing him, but instead he just stares, holding Stiles’ gaze until Stiles makes him come, until he has to close his eyes to ride out the wave Stiles has caught him in.