done it until he was by the alpha, until something slammed into his side, until he was sliding to the ground. But he knew that years of thinking wouldn't have made his decision any different. 

"Stiles!" Derek's voice seemed distant. Stiles hit his back, but he barely noticed as he stared up at the sky. It hurt like hell, but there was also a numbing sensation. 

Around him the sounds grew louder and more fierce as his pack panicked, taking it out on the hunters. 

"Stiles, can you hear me?"

"Yes," he managed, but just barely, reaching a shaking hand down to his side. Derek knelt by him and laid his hand over Stiles'. 

"Stiles, you idiot-"

"Wolfsbane...w-would have killed...you." Stiles groaned in pain as he spoke, closing his eyes tightly. Derek yanked off his tattered button up shirt and ripped it, folding one half and pressing it into Stiles' side. 

"Damn you, Stiles, I'm an alpha. I'm supposed to protect my pack-"

"Shut up." Stiles glared and then groaned again. "You're th-the alpha. Like...you said."

"Stiles! Stay awake!" Derek shook him as his eyes began to close. The sounds of fighting had stopped and Stiles realized the hunters must have retreated. "I'm taking you to Deaton. He has-"

"Derek. It's...alright. I- I figured it would happen...sooner than l-later." Stiles breathed deeply, trying to calm his racing heart. Reaching out blindly, he grasped Derek's hand. "Stay...with me?"

"Of course. I- damn it, Stiles, I need to do something!" Derek's eyes were wet, and Stiles realized he was crying. The pack had crowded around and were watching silently, unsure as to what they should do. "No, Stiles, stay awake! You can't leave me- how am I supposed to live with this? I'm the alpha! I'm supposed to protect you, not the other way around..." Derek's voice cracked. 

"Yes, Derek, y-you're the...alpha. They need...you." 

"But I need you!"

"You're the alpha," Stiles repeated, smiling weakly and touching Derek's cheek. "My...alpha." Sighing one last time, Stiles fell back, his eyes closing and his hand falling away from Derek's face. 

"Stiles!" Derek's howl echoed through the trees. Scooping up the frail figure, he ran. For a moment he'd thought the boy was dead and his own heart had seemed to stop until he'd sensed the dull pounding of Stiles' struggling heart. With each beat his feet flew faster. He ran more swiftly than he ever had before, unconscious of anything but StilesStilesStiles. 

He no longer cared that Stiles was human, he no longer cared that he hadn't loved since Kate. He simply let himself love Stiles for the length of that race that seemed to stretch on for hours, agonizing hours that could mean the life of the boy in his arms. 

Finally, he reached the veterinary and burst through the door, ignoring Deaton's surprised look as he laid Stiles on the table. 

"Wolfsbane bullet, left side," he choked, watching Stiles' face. It was even paler then normal, and his pulse was growing weaker by the second. Deaton dropped his book and ran around, throwing things at Derek for him ti hold and shouting orders to him. Derek pressed a towel to Stiles' wound and felt ridiculous as more tears threatened to fall. 

He had to be strong. He was the alpha. 'My alpha,' Stiles had said.  

Deaton pushed him out of the way, pulling the towel off. "I've never tried this, so let's hope it works," he said, pulling a rag out of the bowl in his hand. It came out stained blue. He laid it on the gaping wound, grimacing slightly at the large puddle of blood dripping onto the floor. Rubbing the blue liquid into the wound, Deaton pulled the rag away and stepped back. Derek waited with bated breath. 

Then the wound began to knit itself together, the skin searing into itself and forming a small scar. There was still a blue tint to the skin. 

"It's healing inside him too," Deaton explained, and Derek let himself hope that maybe Stiles wouldn't die, that maybe he could throttle him and kiss him and tell him he loved him instead of convincing himself that he shouldn't.  

With a sudden gasp, Stiles shot up, hand clutching his side. 

"Wh- what happened?" He breathed. 

"Deaton healed you," Derek said wonderingly. Deaton stepped forward and looked Stiles over. 

"I'll write to Scott," he told Derek, leaving the room. Derek nodded, feeling breathless as he stared at Stiles.

"You fucking bastard," he