glance, and Danny shifted under her gaze. They had this in the bag though—Stiles had practiced kissing Danny until his lips were swollen so there was no chance of it being awkward, and Stiles had finally stopped flinching when Danny put his hand on his lower back. They totally looked like any other couple in the restaurant. 

“Should be under Stilinski?” Stiles added, uncertain.

“How long have you guys been together?” she asked curiously, and Danny shot Stiles a panicked look. Right. They never actually discussed that stuff. 

“Uh, since November,” Stiles said, then looked at Danny with an eyebrow raised and hoped his ‘in love’ half grin was enough to cover the inquiring glance he was giving him. “Right, Babe?” he added, and he totally didn’t yelp when Danny reached down and pinched his ass. Right. Danny didn’t like being called that, and Stiles knew that. 

“Oh, well, congratulations,” the hostess said, and she lead them to their table. It was candle lit and had rose petals strewn across the table cloth, for God’s sakes, but even through all the pretentiousness it was pretty neat. If he had someone to take out to dinner on Valentine’s Day, this was close to what he would’ve pictured, and Danny wasn’t a bad boyfriend, even if he was faking it. He was considerate, and liked giving Stiles little fleeting touches. Plus, he agreed to do this for Stiles which automatically earned him a hundred points in the ‘people that are almost as awesome as Scott’ book.

Local restaurants with free appetizers for couples on Valentine’s Day were awesome.


3


“You want me to what?” Danny asked, and picked his eyes up off his philosophy reading just to give Stiles an incredulous look. 

Stiles was leaning forward onto the library table, clutching his sides and panting like he’d just run from his dorm room. He glanced at the room around them, and there were definitely people looking at them in various stages of anger. Danny was in one of the quiet rooms, and Stiles had burst in like hell was chasing him and asked for Danny’s help in psychology. 

He grabbed Danny’s wrist, and gestured at the doors to the quiet room. Stiles’ breathing was the only noise in the room, and some of the people in there had already turned back to their work. Danny sighed and gathered his things. 

“Okay, what was this about pretending to be your boyfriend?” Danny asked before the door had even shut behind him. The again was unspoken, but strongly implied. 

Stiles shifted his weight onto his other foot. “So you know how we have to participate in two psych studies for class—of course you don’t you chose philosophy for a gen ed—but anyway, it’s due next week and I need one more. The only study open for the next week is a relationship study, so I need you to, y’know, pretend to be my boyfriend so I don’t drop a letter grade. And they’re giving out coupons to Dominos with it too, and c’mon, almost free food.” 

Danny pinched the bridge of his nose. “So you want me to help you ruin a poor grad student’s study so you can get away with procrastination. And pizza.” 

“One couple out of many isn’t going to ruin a study, and besides, we’ve known each other for years—we’ll be fine.” 

Despite his better judgment, Danny agreed to do it. Let no one say he didn’t care about his friends’ grades or almost free pizza, that was for sure.


4


“This isn’t how I pictured my spring break going,” Danny whispered into his ear. One of the witches dropped down to her knees in front of Danny, and the hand he had against Stiles’ back twitched. She applied some intricate design in a scary blood-red color around Danny’s belly button, and the brush she used looked just as questionable as the paint did. To be honest, Stiles wouldn't be surprised if it was blood and human hair.

Stiles tried not to stare too hard at the paint drying on Danny’s chest. His musculature was different now than what Stiles remembered in the locker room in high school. It wasn’t a size thing because he didn’t really look any bigger or smaller, but they looked different, like he had switched from goalie to forward. Stiles and Danny had both stopped playing sports since entering college, with the exception of Danny playing intramural lacrosse, but unlike Stiles, Danny actually went to the gym to make up for it. Stiles tried not to think too hard about the way his own chest looked, and focused more on the way Danny’s hand felt spread across his back like it was.

“Funny, it’s not really how I pictured mine going either,” Stiles said, and one of the blonde witches dropped down in front of Stiles to