that he was useless to the pack anyway, so the obvious reasons to hang on to his life are out. Scott's grades had risen drastically in the last year, he doesn't need Stiles anymore, especially now that Isaac I'll-Steal-Your-Bestie-And-Make-Him-Forget-You-Lahey exists. He'd realized his feelings for Lydia were not feelings for Lydia as a person, more for the thought of her. She'd helped him realize she didn't care about him by finally snapping at him in front of everyone during a pack meeting and crushing his pathetic heart. 

 

Then the tune of the 1960s' The Batman tv show bursts from Stiles' phone 10 feet away and penetrates the copper-thick air of the building he was left to die in. 

 

His blood deprived brain recognizes that his soon to be killers knocked his phone out of his pocket, when he thought it would be smart to try and defend himself without strength or knowledge of how to actually fight, and it was now rattling and spurting music. 

And that left Derek. Oh, Derek. If Stiles had enough energy he would laugh his ass off at the poetic irony.

In the last couple months, all the pushing-against-walls, judging stares, misguided protectiveness, and bickering had finally gotten to him. Well, first his dick. And then his heart. 

For months, Derek was the first and last thing on Stiles' hyperactive brain when when he awoke and fell asleep, the most common character in his dreams. Stiles pined so deeply for Derek even Stiles would've been weirded out at himself if he weren't so busy being intoxicated by Derek.

Anyway, his last option for a hero reason to tell Death to stick it where the sun don't shine was Derek Hale. Even in Stiles' woe-is-me, disconnected haze he can't seem to make himself push Derek away. 

Why the fuck not? So what if he uses his last breaths to talk to the last person on earth who would reciprocate his feelings (even behind Lydia), who's there to judge him? Well maybe himself, but honestly, Stiles just wants to hear Derek's voice again.

The shock had slowly been waning away while Stiles had been inside his head and now the bone-deep throbbing of his open abdomen really fucking hurt. Sparks of panic are shooting through him at warp speed (punch it, Sulu!) and hearing Derek's voice before he kicks the bucket has been suddenly thrusted to Top Priority.

Just as he starts to force himself to crawl to his phone, even though the pain is making his vision white out, the music and vibrations cease their possession of the phone, now silent and unmoving on the concrete. 

Fuck.

Realizing he's fulfilling the ridiculous hero defying death trope, he decides the inevitable comfort when he will hear Derek talk is worth his own judgement. 

After what feels like skinning himself and then running pitchfork prongs down his tendons and muscles, Stiles reaches his phone and calls Derek back, out of breath, shaking and dizzy. 

On the 4th ring, his stomach (if it's even still inside him anymore) drops and tears cling to his eyes. 

On the 6th ring, Derek picks up, causing Stiles to gasp and try and hide his obvious heavy breaths. Will Derek be able to hear his sluggish hear beat? Wait is his heart still beating? Is he still even alive? This close to death confusion shit is bullshit.

"Stiles."

Oh god. Oh god. 

"Hey Derek! Sorry I didn't pick up when you called....I was in the bathroom." He doesn't remember making a pact with himself to lie to Derek. But he might be more caring now than he's ever been in his entire life. Since when does Derek need another death in his life? Another time when he needs to endanger himself for Stiles' skinny ass when he can just let Derek be oblivious and deal with it later (when Stiles doesn't have to see the disappointment and worry on his face)?

"Anyway, We're having a pack movie night at my place, thought I'd let you know."

The elbow he's propped up on almost slips out from under him on his own blood.

"Oh okay! I was wondering when the next one would be. Especially after you enjoyed Twilight so much." Derek grunts, a flimsy attempt at showing his contempt towards the series. Stiles forces an awkward laugh, making his head spin with the depressing amount of effort it takes him. 

Stiles can't believe he'll never get to see Derek again. He won't be able to see his beautiful green eyes, his dark hair and beard, his warm hands, his jaw sharp enough to cut open Stiles' torso just like the hunting knife used earlier, Stiles reminisces bitterly. 

He won't ever get to hold Derek's intense gaze again. Why is his face wet?

His arms are shaking and he almost drops his phone.