long since he’s had pack. He can’t stop as he barrels into him and knocks him off his feet and starts licking him. He’s salty and pack and he wants to know where Stiles has been and what he’s being doing and so he sniffs him - he had toast for breakfast and pizza for lunch and he’s taken his pills today but earlier in the morning and he showered but he’s wearing yesterday’s t-shirt and last night he was next to his dad for a while and at some point, he’s had some gum and he stepped in some french fries. But also he smells like trust and loyalty and reliability. Stiles is talking to him, saying something, and then he squeals and Stiles hands are pushing at him and he’s squirming and it’s playing! 

He pushes off and sits on the ground and he can’t stop his tail from wagging and he’s panting and he stares at Stiles. 

“Holy crap! Derek?”

Stiles knows him and that makes him happy and he pushes a paw at Stiles and noses and sniffs at his neck again.

“Gross. Slobber much?”

He wants to nip at Stiles because it’s not gross it just is but-

He sees the rabbit. 


prey prey prey run!


When he gets back, Stiles is gone. 

***Of course he feels silly and embarrassed as soon as he shifts back. He would never act that way as a human but it seemed so natural as the wolf and like there was no reason not to. He tries to shrug it off and not think about it but he sees Stiles look at him with mischief in his eyes one time and he turns and gives him a look. 

Mostly because he just can’t talk about it. He just… can’t. 

Amazingly, Stiles doesn’t say anything. 

***

He doesn’t exactly hang out in the woods waiting for Stiles, but when he hears his Jeep coming up the road, he makes no move back to the house to shift back either. It’s the same feeling as before. A feeling of - Stiles! Pack! Happy! And he’s trotting toward Stiles before he knows it. Stiles looks happy to see him. He smells happy and relaxed (and a little bit like chinese food and too much laundry soap and only one of his socks was new this morning, the other is from yesterday). 

Then Stiles goes back into his Jeep for a moment and when he comes back out he’s got something that smells like store and new and machine-made. 

Tennis ball. 

He looks at the ball and then at Stiles who smells like nervous and uncertainty and he’s fidgeting a bit and then Derek is running back to the forest, pausing to look back when he doesn’t hear Stiles following him. 

Stiles throws the ball and Derek’s eyes snap on it immediately and he already knows how fast he has to run, where it will want to land and he’s going to get it before it hits the ground. He hears Stiles trundling after him into the woods and he feels the ground soft and cool under his feet. 

He’s happy. 

***

Derek never thought something so small and green would make him so… crazed. He’d smelled the leprechaun on his territory but couldn’t place the scent. It had taken a few days of research before he finally remembered it from a learning hunt with his Dad - remembered his Dad explaining to him that if you let one leprechaun in, they’d take over the whole forest, like beavers. 

But leprechauns were sneaky and tricky and by the time it was all over, Stiles had been hurt. 

Leprechauns, like most of the fey, were essentially immortal but Derek is certain he sent this one home licking enough wounds to remind all of them that Hale territory is off limits. 

He still feels keyed up and anxious after the fight - like a spool of wire wound to tightly. He shifts and goes for a run in the forest. 

He ends up in Beacon Hills under Stiles window. 

The big oak tree outside the Stilinkski house has low hanging branches and although he knews it’s tricky, if he’s fast enough, he should be able to leapfrog up them and get to Stiles window. 

Luckily, the wolf doesn’t think so much as intuit steps and jumps and he’s bounding up the old tree, branches creaking under his weight until he’s at the window, more like a cat than a wolf. 

Stiles is asleep in bed and Derek pads over, sniffing the air. Stiles smells like hurt and sick and pain. He sniffs again and gets the tinge of medication under that too. He hops up on the bed and curls into a ball, listening to the slow breaths of Stiles as he sleeps. 

He feels Stiles stir before he actually wakes up, sees Stiles blink open his eyes and focus on him. 

“Creepy, dude. Not cool. I’m not playing Bella to your Edward. Just… no.”

He’s