Oh, let's see. Did you bring me deer?" He faked a sad face. "Nope, milady."

"Then I don't wanna" he chuckled.

"You're going to be good friends with Malia then"

I furrowed my brows like a confused hungover girl. "Who dat"

"You'll going to meet her soon. You're gonna love her"

"As much as I love deer?" I continued asking. "Definetly."

 

Eventually, I did meet Malia. Though, not the way I expected. Now, the next day after our talk about her, she's baring her teeth at me, threatening to kill me if I didn't tell her where their alpha had left.

Yeah, Scott Mccall left Beacon Hills this early morning and his pack is upset. Well, shit.

"Hold on, hold on" I say, putting my hands in front of me. "One, you don't have to attack me. I could avoid being hurt in this fight, so I don't really care if you attacked me. Although it would be unnecessary. Second, I have no idea where Scott went. I came here yesterday because he told me so. I honestly did nothing." I looked at them. They obviously didn't believe me, but since my eyes were glowing red, they probably decided to keep the distance.

"And why should we trust you?" A boy with lots of moles on his face asked me, balling his fists. A girl with long black hair called him "Stiles" and told him to calm down. What the hell is a Stiles?

Gretel gets to know the pack better

The coffee I made myself burned my lips. "Ouch!" I yelped. Melissa looked at me . "Are you okay?" 

"Yeah. I'm fine. I'm the one who should be asking you that, though" I glanced at her and checked my phone. No new message from...Sc-anyone. She brought the cup to her mouth, tasting the hot liquid. "This is really good coffee. Thanks for making some for me too, although I'd rather go to bed right now."

"Oh, sure.  Want some tea instead?"I eventually made her some chamomile tea and sat down.

"Scott should have woken up by now" she remarked.

"Yeah, uh..." Melissa looked at me. She seemed tired and I worried about how she was going to handle things once I told her that her son left. 

"Oh, I remember he said something about going to get some stuff for Chris and the pack." I blinked. Wow,an extremely creative excuse, Scott. 

"Melissa, look. Scott...well, uh.." I scratched the back of my head. I had to be diplomatic and play it cool. I could do that, right? "Scott has gone somewhere. He has a plan and he will come back as soon as possible, obviously unharmed. He knows what he's doing." She still looked tired and a little bit worried. "Well, I trust Scott" She said with slight weariness. "Where exactly did he go, again?" A good question."I don't know..he didn't tell us. He said he wants to protect us."She put her face in her palms. "I honestly don't want to hear anymore." She raised from her seat. "I'm going to sleep and everything will work out just fine. It always does." She sounded sure of herself. I wish I could say the same thing with the exact same confidence. But things would work out fine, right? Scott would make them work...but he isn't here anymore. "Oh, wait!" I exclaimed. "I forgot to tell you something. Don't be scared, though. I'm no more harm than a fly." 

She raised her eyebrows. I flashed my eyes red. She nodded. "Fine. So you're a werewolf too. I'm not impressed anymore. Goodnight, Gretel." I chuckled. She seemed so tired of this supernatural world...I felt bad I found it funny. I was too.

"Actually, it's...still kind of late in the morning." I said. I heard her walk upstairs.

One more person on my shoulders. How did Scott survive like this? Scott, with his sweet smile and chocolate eyes. I wish I could still kiss his crooked jaw and feel his hands around my waist.

"Where are you, Scott?" I thought to myself. I remember the way his mouth felt against my skin, hot and velvety.

I should stop. I should stop thinking about him like this. I only make myself feel worse. What the fuck, Gretel.

 

I rinsed my mouth with water and spat in the kitchen sink. Fixing my hair with one hand, I opened the door with the other.My first encounter with the pack has been...unfortunate. Gotta try again 1