contact with him as she continued to walk. “You thought- it was a stupid thought, but you thought that the vampire kid was an actual threat. And if he had been, you pushing me out of the way would’ve saved me. So thanks for having my back.”

Before Hale had the chance to do more than swell with pride, Paige added, “In your own stupid way at least.” She bolted to the right and up the stairs to Ravenclaw Tower, leaving Hale to smile at her departing figure. 

“Kira!” Paige called. Paige hurried to catch up with her as she exited her father’s classroom with some fellow fifth years. Kira turned and paled a bit upon seeing Paige.

“Stiles and I had nothing to do with the flood on the second floor last night,” she said quickly. “And even if we did, it was really the Bloody Baron’s fault, he interrupted us while we were doing some perfectly harmless experiments, and-”

Paige came to a halt in front of Kira and gave her a bemused look. “What are you talking about?”

“Nothing!” Kira squeaked. “What are you talking about?” 

“Will you tell Scott and Stiles and Lydia that we need to have a meeting tomorrow?”

“Oh,” Kira said, smiling. “Yeah, no problem!”

Kira turned and ran to catch up with her friends. Paige looked after her, wondering if she dared to look in on the second floor or not. 

The next day everyone was in the Charms classroom on time except for- what a surprise, Paige thought- Hale. The others didn’t seem to mind waiting on him. Allison and Braeden were quizzing each other on Care of Magical Creatures while Lydia was reading a book written in a language Paige didn’t even recognize. Kira and Stiles were whispering to each other over handwritten notes that looked suspiciously as if they might detail a plumbing prank. Scott was holding Kira’s free hand, sweetly pretending he couldn’t hear whatever they were planning.

If Paige had started off on the wrong foot with this year’s new prefects, she felt that she had at least fixed it well. They now tolerated her insistence on bi-monthly meetings and properly filled-out paperwork. In exchange, she no longer called them by their surnames and she gave them some leeway in subtle (or not-so-subtle, as she suspected the case may be) rule-breaking.

Paige opened her mouth and was about to begin the meeting when Hale skidded into the room, a Quaffle still tucked under his arm from the Gryffindor practice session. Paige narrowed her eyes at the offending ball. He shrugged, not even pretending to be repentant as he joined her at the front of the room.

“Okay,” Paige said. “The Yule Ball is coming up in a few weeks. We have a lot of planning to do. First, I think we should host a few workshops that are mandatory for anyone who wants to go.” The room promptly groaned. Even Danny and Vernon tossed balled-up scrap parchment in Paige’s direction. The traitors.

“It’s important! At least two, okay, one for alcohol safety and one for safe sex. Now I’ve drawn up a few outlines for how these should be organized…”

Half an hour later, Paige felt pretty proud of her work, but no one else looked very impressed.

“Oh, whatever,” Paige snapped, rolling the parchment back up and tucking it in her bag. “You’ll all be thanking me when you don’t have any second years vomiting on your shoes. Any questions?”

“I have a question,” Stiles said promptly, raising his hand and leaning forward. “Is any part of this dance actually going to be fun?”

“Of course it will,” Paige said. “We’ll take duty shifts through the night. You can wear whatever you want and dance, you just can’t drink. Obviously.” Ignoring Stiles’ dramatic head roll of dismay, Paige concluded, “All right, I’ll see you all next week at the alcohol workshop.”

As the Prefects slowly filed out of the room, Hale dropped into a seat and propped his feet up on the nearest desk, tossing his Quaffle unconsciously.

“So,” he said. “Yule Ball.” Paige pretended to ignore him, packing the last of her things into her bag and then tossing it over her shoulder.

“Want to go with me?” Hale asked, and Paige turned to look at him from where she had been poised to leave the room. She stared at him, and he looked back, casual as ever, his near-constant little smirk still firmly in place.

“What?” Paige asked.

Hale stood, setting the Quaffle on the desk and walking closer to her. His relatively small frame belied how athletic Paige knew he was, from years of pretending not to watch him play Quidditch.

“Do. You,” he said, teasing, “Want. To go with me.”

“Well, but-” Paige floundered