when it's just the three of them.



“Uh. No? I wasn't planning to.” Kira shoves her Trig textbook into her bag, thinks for a moment about whether she needs her History book or not. “Are you?”



Malia pauses, and Kira turns to look at her. She's as gorgeous as ever, long hair sweeping over her shoulders, tall and more than a little wild. Her eyes are dark in the fluorescent lighting, and she's biting her bottom lip absently.



“If the person I'm asking says yes.”



“...huh.” Somehow it just hasn't occurred to her that Malia would... date. It's stupid, now that she thinks about it. Why wouldn't she? She's pretty, and smart, and funny. Kira knows that she and Stiles have been sniffing around each other for a while, that she's got a string of boys from the upper grades who watch her in the lunch room.



Still, it's funny the way it makes her stomach drop a little. If you'd asked her five minutes ago if she cared who Malia Tate took to homecoming, she'd've answered “no” without thinking twice, but now, with Malia right there, in her space, it's... a little disconcerting.



Kira grabs her History book after all, squats down to zip her bag.



“Who are you asking?” She raises her eyes just in time to see Malia's smile go toothy and a little predatory.



“You,” she says firmly, and oh.



Oh.



–



Her mother tuts at the short notice, but they head for the mall on Saturday morning, Kira's best heels in hand. They end up with a knee-length number- it's homecoming, not prom, and she's no Lydia, she doesn't want to overdo it- a dark orange, fitted strapless bodice with a full tulle skirt. It had looked a little pumpkin-y on the hanger, but her mom had insisted she try it, and it's perfect, it floats around her like flames, like desert dust.



She'd bit the bullet and texted a pic of it to Lydia, cause she just wasn't sure about her shoes, and Lydia had immediately responded with “not those, I'll be at your place at five”, which she guesses solves that problem.



They buy the dress, and go home. She grills with her dad, and they have a late lunch/early dinner of juicy burgers and oven-baked fries. It's delicious, and takes her mind off things, which is wonderful. Maybe she's just a nerd, but she loves her parents, likes spending time with them at home. Or maybe it's just because she's an only child, she doesn't know, but whatever it is, the events since they moved to Beacon Hills, as weird and upsetting as they've been, only served to push them closer in the end.



They clean up, and then there's the doorbell, and Kira answers it with her heart pounding and her stomach fluttering, even though she knows it's only Lydia, it's still the beginning of this new thing, this thing she didn't see coming, hadn't thought to wonder about until it turned up in front of her.



Lydia is already perfectly coiffed, a dry cleaning bag in one hand and a tote bag full of supplies in the other. She looks Kira over from head to toe before marching past her into the house, heading unerringly for Kira's bedroom.



“Shower,” she calls back over her shoulder, “and then we'll start with your nails.”



Kira closes the door and heads for the bathroom.



–



They get all finished up fifteen minutes before their dates arrive. Lydia is apparently going with both Stiles 
and
 Derek, which Kira both wants to laugh at, and also can't wait to see on the dance floor. Malia doesn't drive, so Derek's driving them all in his dumb soccer-mom car, but whatever. She gets to put on a party dress and go to a dance with a pretty girl and her friends, she's not about to nitpick about their ride.



They come downstairs, and her mom nods approvingly while her dad tears up just a little bit, then brings out the camera and stands them in the backyard for photos. The posing is interminable, and Kira rolls her eyes, but Lydia just pinches her and smiles bigger, hissing “
he's so happy for you”
 through her teeth, and yeah. He is. She smiles again, careful to keep her lipstick off her teeth.



She doesn't hear the doorbell ring the second time, but suddenly her mom is opening the backdoor as Stiles falls out of it, grabbing himself on the railing before he hits the deck and straightening his deep red bow-tie. He catches sight of them and grins as wide as he