thought that he was the one who killed your mom.”

Allison frowns. “What—how did you know?”

“I don’t know, Allison, just how smart am I?” 

Allison flinches at the tone of Lydia’s voice, which is only a fraction of how bitter Lydia actually feels.  Allison never saw her the way Lydia wanted her to, never put it all together; Lydia appreciates that Stiles admires her intellect, but he was never the one that Lydia wanted to impress.  

When Allison ducks her head, she’s close enough that Lydia can count the individual hairs that have come free of her ponytail.  “I am sorry about the lying. But I can’t—I’m just not in any place to be at all comforting right now. I can’t be a good friend.”

“That’s obvious, you’re like, barely functional.”  Lydia feels a tiny bit guilty for being mean when Allison hunches further into herself.  She doesn’t want Allison to step back away from her. “I’m not asking you to be comforting, and I’m not really capable of being anyone’s bestie myself at the moment.  I just need to talk.

“Yeah, well, I don’t.”  Allison’s got some of that stone-cold-killer mojo back in her voice, and Lydia finds that it makes her want to stomp her foot and yell like a little kid.

“Have you even talked about your mom to anyone who—“ she almost says ‘who isn’t totally crazy’ but catches herself. “—isn’t a family member? It might help.”

Allison shakes her head. “Nothing’s going to help.”  

“Nope! Probably not.”  Lydia has to bite her lip against inappropriate giggles again.

“Lydia...” Allison tilts her head and moves in a little closer, like she’s looking for something. Lydia waits for the start of an explanation, or a confession, or just a whole lot of grief, but Allison surprises her. “What did Peter Hale do to you?”

There’s a part of her mind that’s always distant, analytical, and has never shut itself off, not even when Peter was pushing her to the ground on the lacrosse field, not even when she was exhausting all her muscles by dragging Derek Hale through his own house on the full moon. Now that part of her curiously notes how physiological her reaction to Allison’s question is: the scent of wolfsbane fills her nostrils, adrenaline hits the back of her throat, and the tension in her shoulders is trying to tell her that she’s going to be attacked.

“On second thought? Let’s not talk,” Lydia says, and closes the distance between them.  She kisses Allison because she’s wanted to for a long time, and now there’s no friendship to risk fucking up, in fact there’s not much of anything left to fuck up, so why not?

Lydia’s fully expecting to get shoved away and then thrown out of the house, but instead Allison shudders and leans into it, bracketing Lydia’s head with two hands on the door.  Lydia deepens the kiss and wraps herself around Allison, who takes all of Lydia’s fight-or-flight nervous energy and returns it with the roll of her hips and the edge of her teeth.  

It’s Lydia’s first kiss since Peter, and she’s never been more grateful for someone’s tongue in her mouth.

They stop to breathe, and Allison pants and rests her forehead against Lydia’s.  “This is—I wasn’t expecting this.”

Lydia lets herself feel smug about the breathless and shaky quality in Allison’s voice.  She reaches up and palms Allison’s breast, rolling her palm deliberately over her nipple when Allison moans.  “So, just how wet are you right now?”

Allison’s eyes go wide and scandalized.  “I, uh, I don’t know?” she says, even more strangled than before.

Lydia lets her hand on Allison’s back travel down to squeeze Allison’s ass. “All right then, another question. Do you want me to leave, and we can never speak of this again? Or do you want to lie on that bed while I go down on you?”

Allison’s hips press in hard against Lydia’s, which makes warmth spark in Lydia’s groin and spread outwards.  “Jesus, Lydia, I—are you sure?”

“What a stupid question.” Lydia grabs one of Allison’s hands and shoves it up her skirt and between her legs, certain that Allison will be able to feel the dampness through Lydia’s underwear.

Allison’s lips part and her eyes go to half-mast for a second before she snaps her mouth shut and takes her hand out from under Lydia’s skirt. “Then I’ll go lie down.”  

Allison walks backwards while unbuttoning her jeans, never looking away from Lydia’s eyes.  She looks