dulled) she needs to do something.

She needs to move.

She needs to find Allison and Stiles (find their bodies, something hisses at the back of her mind), and she needs to get out of here.

The last aftershock—there have been three since Lydia woke up, the intervals between them becoming increasingly longer—made the pile of rubble to her left collapse enough that there's a hole in the middle. She can only see it in dulled greys and blues, because her cell phone and most of the contents in her purse, have been smashed to smithereens, so no lights, but there's a breeze ghosting across her face that wasn't there before.

Lydia is about eighty percent sure the rubble isn't load baring—there's already a hole and nothing has crushed her—so she lifts up her right leg, and kicks out. She's wearing the pair of Jeffrey Campbells Dad got her the last time she visited, and she hears, more than feels, the heel break off.

… she can always get a new pair.

The second kick chips away at one of the large slabs of concrete blocking her way out. The third makes the hole a little wider. The fourth makes the columns above her head creak dangerously, gets dust and plaster in her eyes and mouth. She stops to cough, wipes her face, only a little surprised that her hand comes back wet.

She's not crying—no, it's not an expression, she's not—but there's dust and plaster and probably asbestos in the air, so her eyes are definitely irritated, definitely leaking. At least for this, she doesn't have to see, so for now it's fine.

Lydia moves a little to the right, shifts her body so she's resting against the rubble, feels along the bricks and pipes and—metal? She thinks it's metal—until she finds the opening. She starts pushing, pulling, concentrating on the sound of concrete grating against concrete so she doesn't have to listen to her own labored breathing.

She thinks about destruction, mostly, and tries to remember how long it usually takes for emergency services to reach disaster areas. Probably a while, in relative terms; too long for her to just sit back and wait.

The columns over her groan—the noise is grating, but it's not like anything about this whole situation is not grating—and dust and little bits of concrete start dropping down onto her head. She pushes harder, harder, harder, gets her nails in the rubble and squeezes, breaks one and ignores the sharp pain, just keeps moving forward. She gets her head through, has to shimmy forward to get her shoulders through and almost blacks out when the movement disturbs her fractured rib—or ribs, maybe it's plural.

The pain feels like it's plural.

The rubble to her left starts moving, rocks and concrete and pipes start shifting, so she grunts, hisses, curses in a couple dozen languages and shimmies the rest of the way until she's out and the concrete is collapsing behind her. There's less space outside of the… the alcove she was in, so she can't really do anything except pull herself forward with her arms, avoiding sharp rock and metal as much as possible.

She's glad she didn't wear the Balenciaga skirt today; glad she's wearing a pair of jeans that offer at least some protection from the shit she's crawling ov—

"Lydia," someone calls, and Lydia freezes, because that sounds like—

"Allison!?" she yells back, and her voice echoes through the rubble, bounces off metal and sends dust up into her face. She coughs, spits out bitter tasting saliva and curses a few more times.

"Lydia!" And yes, yes, it's definitely Allison, and she's alive—she's alive—and she's here. Lydia can hear her, and her voice sounds… it sounds close.

"Allison! Allison, I'm here—I don't—I can't see you." Lydia calls out.

"I can hear you." God, she sounds close. She sounds—damn it. Lydia pushes herself forward, even though she can't see, even though Allison sounds like she's standing above Lydia's head.

She doesn't sound like it, Lydia corrects herself; she is.

"You're above me!" Lydia yells, turning around so she's laying on her back, staring at the dusty blackness that is, in theory, the ceiling.

"Oh God, oh shit, okay." Allison sounds closer, and Lydia hears a thump—sounds like a body—and feels the vibrations of someone (something) walking over her. "Is there anywhere I can get down there, Lydia, is there a way to get you out? It looks smooth—I can't— there's not enough light and I