the fear he caused in the school. They couldn’t get to him on time and even if they did he would have lit them up with the monster he was holding. Before he could think, Theo was pressing his hand to Liam’s back and pushing him forward, making him run away and making that decision for him. It was almost like slow motion, with Gabe starting to fire and them running away from the bullets. Theo made sure that while he was still running, that he was pushing Liam in front of him, protecting the teenager from the worst of it should he get hit.

Sure enough, Liam cries out in pain when his leg gets shot, tumbling over his feet before falling. Theo tried to catch him, attempt to push him to the side behind the cart so he wouldn’t be pelted anymore but his shoulder and back caught two bullets, making him fall too. They knew better than to lay out in the open, forcing themselves to get behind the carts that were nearby. Gabe wouldn’t be brave enough to actually come down and finish the job, giving the two of them time to heal at least a little. Theo glanced around quickly for anything that he could use as a decoy, noticing that the hunter still had a couple of guns on the floor nearby. He couldn’t get to them but Nolan could, heck, he still had one in his grip. The chimera kept staring at the kid until he finally looked back, giving him the signal to pick up a gun and use it.

Nolan didn’t know how they were going to get out of this mess, it was a stalemate; no one could move but Gabe at this point. That is until he felt someone burning their eyes into the side of his head, turning to where Theo is just staring at him unblinking. He then kept darting his eyes down to the gun in his arm, then back up at Nolan’s face, up and down, up and down until he finally understood what he was trying to say. He used the unconscious hunter as a shield as he got into position on the floor, aiming the gun directly at Gabe and firing. His aiming was pretty shit in general; he never really paid any attention to what they were teaching him and to be perfectly honest, he wasn’t intending to shoot anyone in the first place. The bullet hit behind Gabe, into the post nearby. It did its job though, Gabe flinched and ran round the corner for safety, giving Liam and Theo enough time to run past them round the corner so they could hide and lie in wait.

Gabe was furious that Nolan would even think about shooting him, they were supposed to be on the same fucking side. They were human, that should be the difference in his loyalty. After waiting a couple of seconds just in case Nolan started firing again, Gabe reloaded his gun and came out from where he was hiding to stand in the middle of the hallway once again. He lifted the heavy firearm ready to shoot the traitor when he noticed that the supernatural duo had disappeared and faltered a little.

That pause was all Liam needed to run out from his hiding spot and grab for Gabe’s gun, lifting it up and shocking the other teen to pull the trigger and shoot into the ceiling. They struggled violently; Gabe trying to push the gun down to get a shot at Liam and the beta pushing Gabe against the wall in attempt to disarm him from hurting anyone else. In all honesty Liam could have used his strength to just knock Gabe out, but where was the fun in that?

Theo saw a middle aged man come into the clear, speaking into a walkie-talkie while pulling a gun out of his holster and aiming at the two fighting teenagers. He couldn’t hear exactly what he said since he was mostly focused on checking if everyone was waking up, it would cause a bigger problem if the unconscious hunters came too and started fighting again. Although he did hear Monroe shouting through on the receiving end. “Just shoot him, shoot both of them!”

Liam had been pinned by Gabe but was quickly winning out, pushing back until his back wasn’t pressed up against the wall. They were in the line of sight, the first shot ringing out and shocking Liam to look at where the sound came from before hurrying to get away. The man kept shooting even though his target was out of his trajectory. He plugged several bullets into Gabe’s abdomen, the teenager jerking with each shot into his body before Nolan ran behind him with a fire extinguisher and smacked him round the back of the head, leaving him to fall to the floor unconscious. Gabe stood there almost stuck where to go before finally dropping to his knees and collapsing forward onto the hospital floor.

Theo needed to check on Liam first, rushing over to see if he was hit with any more bullets. The adrenaline of their battle still thrumming through him, he found Liam sitting against the wall and didn’t even hesitate before kneeling down and taking the teenager’s face in his