out the door, and Derek follows him, not bothering to put on a shirt before leaving the room.

“What is so important that it just couldn’t wait?” Derek growses.  He plucks one of the coffee cups from Stiles tray as Stiles opens and shuts his mouth, boggling.

“Uh.  Uh, dude, what the fuck, orgies?  I knew that you were creepy, but this is kind of—this is really disturbing, actually!”

Derek just looks confused.  “What are you talking about? –oh, that,” he says, as Stiles motions frantically toward the bedroom, sloshing coffee everywhere.  He shrugs, as if it’s totally normal for an adult man to spend the night in bed with three teenagers.  “Usually all of them don’t spend the night, but they were feeling kind of shaky after the full moon.”

“After—what—so you buy them milkshakes or something, you don’t have sex wtih them,” Stiles says, feeling slightly ill.  Because okay, it’s not like Derek was high on his list of favorite people, but he hadn’t actually expected the guy to sexually take advantage of three mentally unstable teenagers.  

“Sex?”  Derek blinks and looks at Stiles like he’s just now begun to comprehend the words coming out of his mouth.  So not a morning person, then.  “We weren’t having sex.  Is that what you thought? Seriously?”  Now he looks pissed, and Stiles hurriedly takes a step backward.

“Yes, that’s generally where my mind goes when I see four people spending the night in one bed and it’s not, like, two parents and their infant children, or something.” 

“It’s not sexual at all.  It’s instinctual for the pack to sleep together. Having enough trust to fall asleep around each other makes all of us stronger, and physical contact helps the pack cohere.”  Derek sounds like he’s delivering a lecture about werewolf behavior to a college audience, and it’s not fair that he’s totally refusing to be embarrassed about this; Stiles doesn’t want to be the only awkward one.

Stiles shakes his head.  “If it’s so instinctual, how come Scott’s never mentioned this?”

“It’s not something an omega would have felt, or at least not as strongly.  Now that he’s joined the pack, he might be feeling urges that he doesn’t understand.  Actually—“ He looks at Stiles with renewed interest, and Stiles feels alarm bells go off in his head.  “You should tell him about this.  Get him to come over sometime, when it’s not a full moon and no one’s life is in danger.”

“Someone’s life is always in danger, you’re werewolves,”  Stiles says.  “And if you want Scott to come over for a sleepover, you can ask him yourself.” 

“Didn’t you hear what I just said about trust?” Derek sips his coffee, huffy.  “Scott’s new to this pack.  If we’re going to work together effectively, trust needs to be built, especially between him and his alpha.”

This just keeps getting better. “So you want me to tell him not only that he needs to cuddle with you guys, but that he has to do it with you, specifically.”

“It would be best for him to do it with all of us, but yes.”  Derek sticks him with one of those intense stares that Stiles hates.  “I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important.”

Stiles groans.  “All right, fine.  But if Allison gets jealous and comes after you with her crossbow—“

Derek just growls.

*****

“So,” Stiles says, eyeing Scott as the locker room empties out.  “Is Derek right?  Have you been yearning to snuggle since you agreed to join his little crew?”

“I don’t know.”  Scott sits down on one of the benches, frowning in confusion.  “I guess I’ve been getting kind of lonely when I go to bed at night, but I just figured I missed Allison.”

“Scott, have you been attributing every negative emotion you experience to not-enough-Allison?  Never mind, don’t answer that.”  He shuts his locker and sits down next to Scott.  “The weirdest thing about it was that Derek treated it like it wasn’t weird at all, like I was the weird one for finding it weird.”

“Well, maybe it’s a thing that actual wolves do, like in the wild,” Scott says.  “In which case it’s maybe not so weird.  He really wants me to do it with them?” 

Stiles squints at him.  Scott sounds less freaked out by this whole thing than Stiles expected, which could mean that Derek was right and that Scott has been dealing with suppressed cuddling instincts for a while now, or it could just be Scott being his super-laid-back self.  Or maybe Stiles is the bizarre one here