pissed off but gently lifted Lydia off his lap and started for the stairs.

Derek realized then he wasn’t sure what he was going to talk to Jackson about... he’d better think fast. As Derek followed he happened to give a last look at Stiles on impulse and saw he was already walking towards Lydia, who was lost in her phone. Stiles saw the glance and gave him a playful wink. For some reason that he refused acknowledge, Derek got butterflies in his stomach. As they walked Derek left an ear behind to listen to the conversation.

 

“So... Lydia, are you having a good time at the party?”

Derek could tell by her voice she hadn’t even looked up, “It could be better...”

“Oh... well, I think it’s pretty nice! I mean, it’s not often these days that we can get together without a cloud of doom floating over our heads to cause it.” At this she gave something caught between a scoff and a giggle.

“That is true, but you didn’t look like you were having too good of a time over there by yourself.”

That caught Stiles off guard, “Oh... so you, um, noticed me over there?”

 

Jackson turned to face Derek with an annoyed expression, “So, what is it?” Derek still hadn’t thought of something to say.

“Well, I wanted to ask you... um, what is Danny doing tonight? Did anyone think to invite him?” Derek instantly regretted the words as they came out of his mouth; oh God, did he really just ask that? Why, why did he just do that?

Jackson’s face was blank and an awkward silence filled the air. At least this was buying some time, he strained his ears back to Stiles’s voice.

 


  “ So, what are your New Year's resolutions?”


“Hmm... I think this summer I’m going to release my revised theorem for the paradox of the false positive and try to get my name out in the mathematics community, that way by the time we’re out of high school I’ll have a few doors ready for me and Jackson to open.”

“Oh... you’re already thinking that far ahead?”

“Definitely.”

 

Jackson’s oddly uneven voice brought Derek’s attention back to the room, Jackson normally spoke with a more solid-jerkish tone, “Well, we didn’t really think you considered him pack... I mean, I know he helped us with the alphas and he knows about us now. But after the whole Miguel thing-” 

Derek felt his eyes flash red, “Don’t you dare mention that!"



“Uh... yeah. Anyways, we thought it would be awkward if he were here.” Derek was kicking himself over and over in his head, why had he brought Danny up. He listened back to downstairs.. 

 


  “Oh... you really think you two... are... soulmates?” Stiles sounded crushed, and it actually hurt Derek to hear the hopelessness of it.


“Actually... I really do. I never believed in the whole eternal love thing before, but the moment I looked into Jackson's eyes after he overcame the Kanima became a werewolf, I haven’t been able to think any face other than his.”

 

For some reason this made Derek very upset, to the point he had to clench his jaw to maintain control. Why couldn’t Lydia give Stiles a chance? He had chased after her for over ten years! Surely she noticed at some point. The kid had been through so much and deserved a chance to be happy. He was far from bad looking and had an amazing smile. Sure he was goofy at times, but that was one of the most attractive things about him! Wait... did Derek just think of Stiles as attractive? Since when did he think of Stiles as attractive? He felt his heart leap into his throat. Jackson noticed and a spark of recognition flashed across his face followed by his shit-eating grin.

“Derek, you don’t have feelings for Danny... do you?”

This time Derek not only felt his eyes flash, but his fangs extend and his sideburns burst out as well, “NO!”

Jackson took a few involuntary steps back but didn’t lose his smirk, “Okay, okay, just making sure.”

Derek was so upset with himself... how could he think those thoughts about Stiles, why did he want to make him happy, why did his heart jump a mile when he thought anything remotely related to Stiles now? Jackson was looking at him with an extremely calm and concentrated expression as they stood in silence.

After a few moments Jackson let out an annoyed huff of air, “Can we go back now?” Derek listened to see if it was safe to go back yet and heard Lydia’s voice.

 


  “So, what are your New Years resolutions?”


There was a pause, “I think mine is just be more open to relationships. Who knows, maybe if I’m lucky I’ll find someone