squints at the sudden flurry of raised hands. "Mrs. Martin, you first."

"Well, how do we know what to believe? How can we trust her?" Mrs. Martin's hands flutter in distress, her wide eyes watery. "She'll put us all in danger! How can we know she's not a spy for those horrible people? They want us dead!" She clutches at her throat, her earrings shaking with her nerves, "They'd see us all in an early grave, and now you want us to take one of their vipers to our bosom? Why, I just can't imagine it!"

"How can you say such a thing?" Scott is on his feet and shouting, "Allison's never done anything to anyone, she's as honest and good as they come. It's not her fault her family are crazy murderers!"

"Scott, down." Stilinski pushes him back into his seat. "I think we can all guess how you feel. Boyd, what do you say?"

Derek should be surprised when a hand pushes into his, but he's so lost in thought that it almost doesn't register, his fingers curling instinctively around Stiles' before the rest of him even realizes that Stiles is no longer on the ground, but here beside him, clutching at his hand and looking pensive. 

"I like Allison," Boyd begins, then looks at his hands, "but her presence will put us all in danger." His face is troubled, his eyes hooded and serious. "I know what people are like when they're against you for no reason but how they've been taught, and Hunters are bad trouble. There's no way we could keep her a secret, and if she's going to perform with us, there's no way to even try. What happens to us when her gun-crazy relatives find out where she is? Who protects us from people who murder whole packs of people?" He looks apologetically at Allison, shakes his head. "I'm against it. She can go away, start over somewhere else. Join some other circus, even, keep her secrets. But not here. Not with us."

Stilinski nods. "Lydia."

"I think she's an asset." Lydia has folded her legs primly beneath her, and sits up straight to hold Stilinski's gaze. "She has a performance skill that we don't currently have, and not only that, but one that involves skill with a weapon. She can take care of herself."

"You'd have her shoot at her own family?" Nurse McCall sounds vaguely horrified.

"I'd have her protect herself, and her new family, by whatever means necessary. We're not without our defenses, and neither is she. She's already proven herself trustworthy by bringing this matter to us, and I see no reason to doubt her without cause. Besides, it's good for the show to grow and change- she'll bring new audiences, both here and when we travel. That's a net good for us." She shrugs one elegantly clad shoulder. "I say we let her stay."

Stilinski nods again, turning to scan the crowd. Stiles pushes into his shoulder, but Derek is too numb to respond. 

"Nurse McCall?"

Scott is looking pleadingly at his mother while she ducks her head, avoiding his eyes, before lifting her head to speak.

"I like Allison, too. Who doesn't? But it scares me. We're too few of us to stand against a mob, and I don't want to have to always be worrying about my son whenever he's out of sight." She sighs, her mouth turned down in unhappiness. "I don't have an answer. All I know is that it makes me afraid. I'm sorry, Allison."

Stilinski places a gentle hand on Nurse McCall's shoulder before scanning the group for more hands. 

"Mr. Whittemore."

"Thank you, John. I don't see any reason why we should choose to live in fear of a bunch of yokels with pitchforks."

"Shotguns, Jasper."

"Yes, fine, Melissa, shotguns." He makes a dismissive gesture, his cufflinks glinting in the light. "All I'm saying is, I don't see why we should let ourselves be run out of town by some crazies who think God is on their side. We've been established here for thirty years, we've got a good relationship with the locals. This Argent group and their cronies are new. They have no pull." He spreads his hands expansively. "Let them rabble rouse. Let Allison make her choice. We can defend ourselves if we need to, and I seriously doubt it will even come to that. The local Hunters are all alike- they like to make a fuss, but they lack the courage of their convictions. I can't see some out-