things that happen.



Except they do because apparently Peter is 

weak, dammit.




Disgusting gooey brown eyes make Peter Hale weak, this has been a psa.



Anyway.


 

 


 



Casual Fridays are the bane of Peter’s life.



Why, you ask?



Well part of it is because he has to put up with some of his staff’s dreadful fashion sense, but mostly it’s because Scott usually wear ridiculous skinny jeans on these days. Skinny jeans. Hugging a perky little butt. Bitable, ample, perfectly round, delicious flesh. It looks painted on most times.



And Peter can’t deal with it.



Especially not when it’s shaking like it is right now.



Dear Lord, someone help him, he’s having a heart attack, he’s sure of it.



He just wanted to make a copy of a file himself, he never asked for this- this absolutely filthy exhibition of sexually charged dancing. How dare Scott McCall do this to him?



There’s not even any music for God’s sake, what is the kid even doing?



Peter doesn’t know what to do about this. He’s just standing there, staring, lips open only a few millimeters (because 

he

 does have some retenue).



An intern comes his way and Peter turns sharply and glares like he never has before. The young woman looks at him a quarter of a second and makes a sharp u-turn without looking around first which makes her smack face first into a ficus. Good. She almost glimpsed Scott’s little tush twerking for him.



Peter turns back around and ponders. Now that he thinks about it… Maybe he’s trying to hurt Peter on purpose. Maybe he knows Peter is right there and that Peter has been ogling that little - dare he say it? yes - 

booty 

and is now making him pay for it. That must be it. There is no other obvious reason.



Except the kid turns and-



Suddenly kind of 

flails 

(there’s really no other words for what happens to his limbs). Tugging a pair of earphones harshly from his ears and blushing a bright red, looking exquisite all flustered and-



“Oh my- Mr Hale,” Peter isn’t going to lie here, this makes him chubs up in his pants instantly, “I- I didn’t- I mean- Hum…”



Peter isn’t a good person. He’s really not. Which is why he stares at Scott silently, watching him flounder for an explanation, while Major Lazer blasts from the offending earphones dangling on Scott’s chest:




I had a cute thing, buenas noches





By the end of the night my knees are now on your chest





Fuck me bad, let me in, a cardiac arrest





Make me come





Make me come





Come, we know you are the best





Who's bad?





Let me wind up on your cock





Tick-tock-tick, riding the clock





Beat it, beat it, beat it bad, let me show you what I've got





I ain't Snoop Dogg, but I'mma drop it like it's hot




Halfway through the chorus, Peter chokes on air or spit or 

something 

and he becomes fully hard at the 

let me wind up on your cock

 while Scott becomes an even deeper red (Peter didn’t think that was possible). When the kid finally manages to stop his devil device, Peter has completely recovered and an eery silence takes place. They stare at each other, neither of them really knowing what to do. In the end, Peter is the first one to move, slowly turning around towards his office while maintaining eye contact with Scott and then starting to walk 

oh so slowly

 back to his desk.



Let it never be said that Peter is in any way, shape or form, a good person. He’s not. He is an asshole and he likes it like that. He does not do emotions dammit. You hear that penis? No feelings. We don’t do feelings, so stop it.


 

 

 


The next time they see each other after that incident is almost a whole week later, in the elevator. Peter is pretty sure the kid is trying to avoid him and the worst of it is it's working. Damn it.



Peter almost sent a search party after three days of not seeing him properly but then his scent was all over the place so Peter thought he just hadn't had any luck catching him in time. By Friday he is seething, though. How dare Scott McCall make him ask his employees about another employee? They surely think he cares now. They must know he’s developing 

feelings

… Shudder. And how dare the kid deprive him of his skinny jeans covered wonder? That is an outrage.



Peter might be pouting the tiniest bit.



Which is why he stays longer than usual and at 8pm on the clock walks off in a huff towards the elevator. The cubicles are empty around him, no one left at this late hour. Peter sighs; obviously nobody is trying for a promotion. Very few hard working people in his ranks