Claudia’s clothes stored in the attic. 

Once again, the thought of Claudia brought on a memory of a much younger Stiles struggling to work the washing machine and the dryer after Claudia’s death. He remembered how the ironing slowly progressed from being not much better that the actual rumpled clothes to looking like something that came from a drycleaner. 

When the hot dog was halfway eaten, John spotted Mrs. Borowski walking her kids to the playground, and knew that he had to hightail it out of there before she spotted him. Ever since Stiles had helped her daughter Natalia, find her after Natalia got lost in the mall she had absolutely adored Stiles. It didn’t help that they had a common background as they both have families in Poland, and they had instantly traded old Polish recipes. John was ninety percent sure that Stiles had asked her to stop him from eating unhealthily if she ever saw him. 

As he slowly inched towards the park exit, he saw Hale looking in his direction, or more accurately in the direction of the hot dog. He send Hale a look that he hoped translated into ‘don’t you dare say anything’ and made his getaway. 

***

The next time Sheriff Stilinski ran into Derek Hale was just a week after the ‘park-incident’. Mrs. Borowski had seen him, and she had told Stiles about the hot dog. As punishment, John was sent to the grocery store, where the cashier would only sell him healthy food, and that way Stiles could work on whatever project he seemed to have taken on. Stiles might think that he was being sneaky with whatever he was doing recently, but John had noticed that he was up to something. It didn’t appear to be dangerous or illegal and he knew for sure that it wasn’t drugs so he let Stiles do his thing. Besides, the last project that Stiles had started was to compare how long it took before different types of ice cream melted in order to determine any potential correlation between all natural ingredients, artificial supplements, and the ability to melt. Apparently, only ice cream made from all natural ingredients melts the way it should. In comparison to that, how bad could this new project be? Nothing could beat walking into the kitchen and finding your son surrounded by ice cream in various stages of melting. He had been sitting cross-legged on the floor staring intently at a mostly intact Carte d’Or while mumbling incoherently, until he had noticed John standing in the doorway, and immediately stood up and planted a foot in the Häagen-Dazs. 

John slowly walked down the different isles, aware that he had a small fond smile on his face as he looked at the freezer filled with an assortment of ice cream. Unfortunately, ice cream wasn’t on the list. Ever since John had once misread one of the items on the grocery list and bought Reese’s instead of beets, Stiles had been certain to write intelligibly in order to prevent any more mishaps. 

As he turned a corner, moving towards the vegetable section, he noticed Derek Hale standing in the next isle. Hale was staring at the display of protein bars as if they had personally offended him. John noticed that the bags under Hale’s eyes were gone and that once again, he was clean-shaven and his hair looked newly washed. He winced a bit as Hale dropped a couple of protein-bars in his basket and made his way to the register. Protein bars were all well and good, but not if they were the only kind of nourishment that he was getting. 

Derek moved out of his line of sight, and the sheriff shook his head, trying to stop worrying about the kid. Derek was after all in his twenties, and couldn’t rightly be called a kid. As an adult, Derek could make whatever dietary choices he wanted, but the sheriff couldn’t help but remember the tearstained face of a sixteen year old Derek, which made it all the more difficult to convince himself that he needn’t worry. Derek did seem to be getting better, so he was most likely already receiving help from either a friend or a professional. As he moved to get the turkey bacon, he saw Hale once more seemingly frozen in indecision as he stared at some brightly colored display of candy.  

When the sheriff had gotten everything of the list, and moved to the checkout, he noticed that Hale still hadn’t left the store. Another look as Hale’s basket had the sheriff’s eyes widening, as he took in the numerous vegetables and fruits that had replaced the protein bars. He might even have spotted some prime quality steak in there. Hale was quick to buy all of his stuff, and out of the door before the cashier could ask whether or not he wanted the receipt. 

John quickly scanned over the grocery list, making sure that he had everything he needed before heading towards the exit. He quietly wondered, what had made Hale put back the protein bars and instead fill up his basket with such an array of vegetables, when he passed by the same display of candy where Derek had