bottle harder until whatever was rattling inside fell out.

A tied bundle of twigs fell out. The leaves have long dissolved in the water.

They both looked at the herbs floating in the puddle of water.

"I thought you smelled different."

Stiles stiffened. His eyes drifted up to Derek. Derek's eyes flashed and even though they were no longer red, it was still freaky. 

"I changed deodorants." Stiles shrugged. When Derek's mouth pressed thin, he added, "Or you could be having a sinus problem. Do werewolves get hay—"

"Why are you drinking poison?" Derek demanded.

"I'm not!" Stiles snapped. "He said it was only poisonous in higher doses or mixed with—" Whoops. He clamped his mouth shut. 

"Deaton," Derek muttered darkly. He chucked the water bottle over his shoulder. It swooshed into Stiles' open backpack in a lazy arc. Show off.

Stiles dropped his eyes to the puddle of water. He watched the dried roots Deaton had helped order spin lazily in the shallow pool.

Derek's voice crumbled into a growl. "Why?"

The herbs floated to the edge of the puddle. Stiles nudged them with his foot so the bundle would bob quietly back to the center.

"I'm not trying to kill myself," Stiles said finally. 

"But you are taking poison." Derek breathed out slowly. "Scott and Isaac noticed you smelled different. They thought it might be because—"

"The nogistune left me a parting gift," Stiles said bitterly. "So they didn't want to ask." He couldn't stop staring as the herbs reached the other side. He prodded them with his sneaker again. The herbs languidly went back to the middle. If only it were that easy.

Stiles sighed and just like that, he felt exhausted, like maybe he could finally sleep. The problem was even if he didn't wake up every night with the names of the dead lodged in his throat; the potion made his heart hammer way too fast all day. But it was a small price, a tiny price, not even a blip in his wallet if there was some sort of budget for whatever cosmic universe thing that kept cashing in its checks against his life and...

Derek's boot came into view. It stepped firmly on the bundle, halting its trip to the edge again.

"I'm not trying to poison myself." Stiles's gaze broke away from the dried roots now pinned under Derek's foot. "I'm just trying to taint my blood." He shrugged. "You know. Dirty it up so nothing would want to move in again."

Derek said nothing.

"I..." Stiles's shoulders lifted up and dropped. It felt like the rest of his body wanted to follow. "It's preventive. Like taking vitamins. Think of it as vitamin C for the supernatural."

"Vitamins don't make you throw up every time you try to eat." At Stiles's look, Derek grunted. "I ran into your father at the market. He asked me if it was a post-possession symptom."

Stiles twitched at the p-word. He stilled. "Wait. The market?" He squinted at Derek. "Was it the cereal aisle?"

"What?"

"Never mind." Stiles gestured towards the water Derek stood on. "It's only because of the potency. I just gotta tweak it."

Derek scoffed. "With what? Scott and Isaac would have found the rest of it in your room by now."

"What?" Stiles's head shot up. 

Derek's face darkened, which was a feat because Derek's default tended to be dark and gloomy. 

"You're not drinking this anymore."

It was as if he had already drunk a gallon of the potion because his heart was crashing against his ribs too fast to take in a breath. "You can't."

A quiet buzz came from the phone in Derek's pocket. "That's Scott telling me they burned all of it." Another buzz. "And that's Lydia telling me she tore up your copy of the recipe for it."

Stiles stared at Derek. He could hear his breathing pounding in his ears, louder and louder and soon, he knew it'll shrink to a buzzing that'll wrap around his chest. 

No, nono, nonono...

"You…you can't," Stiles said faintly.

"We already did." Derek's brow furrowed. "Stiles, sit down."

"W-what?" Stiles needed to call Deaton. They could get more. He'll need to double the dose to make up for lost time. Maybe he could chew it, get it into his blood faster. Maybe...

"Stiles, sit down."

A hand clamped around Stiles's elbow, guiding, maybe dragging, definitely dragging, him to the crappy couch that still smelled like rainwater and blood.

"Look at me." The hand on his elbow shook him. "Stiles. Look