happens, and my imagination is pretty damn vivid.”

 

“I'll give it my very best then,” Derek promises dryly. “For your sake.”

 

“That's all I'm asking for,” Stiles says matching the dry tone perfectly, and his heart skips like he's told a lie.

 

“Where are you going?”

 

“Hmm? Oh, classes. You wouldn't believe how cheap education is out here, I figured I might as well finish a couple of semesters.”

 

“You said your grandma found you a job.”

 

“That's in the evenings. It's barely work, really, they pay me to talk. It's a private English language school, they pay me to chat with their more advanced students.”

 

Derek doesn't hold back a snort of laughter. “And the magic?”

 

“That's on weekends.”

 

“And when do you sleep and eat and rescue endangered species?” Derek wants to know.

 

“Sleep is for the weak, there's plenty of fast food chains in the city and it's not like I have to go look for werewolves, Derek. I've never had to. I just turn a corner and trip on a werewolf – sometimes literally. I'm werewolf bait.”

 

“That's not a thing.”

 

“It's my thing,” Stiles assures him, puts on his jacket. “Be careful with the coffee, it's strong. There's money in the tea jar and books inside the cabinet and don't forget to try and remember stuff we can use.”

 

“Where's the dumpster?”

 

Suspicious, Stiles narrows his eyes, “Why?”

 

Derek smiles, “Never mind.”

 

Once Stiles is gone, with another few suspicious glances, Derek breaks up the offensive couch into pieces and takes them outside. The dumpster is right behind the building – it takes him less than fifteen minutes in total. He scrubs the carpet and hand washes the bedding Stiles has been using last night, then airs the room until his fingers, wrapped around a book, start to hurt from the cold. As the heat in the room goes back up, Derek carefully looks through the tiny apartment. And if he holds on a little longer onto everything that can soak in his scent, well. It's hardly the first time he's marked Stiles' living space as his own territory.

 

The little apartment is purged by the time Stiles comes home. It feels like a place Derek could spend a few comfortable weeks at, maybe longer.

 

“I...” Stiles says, standing in the middle of the room, where the couch used to be, palm rubbing his forehead. “I am not surprised. God. You're sleeping on the floor.” Derek grins up at  him from where he's reading a book on the made bed.  “If you're gonna play a housewife and clean my place up, you might as well cook dinner. That'd be very helpful.”

 

“You brought dinner,” Derek says, nodding at the take out bag Stiles is still holding in his hand. It's a weird combination of smells and spices, and he's not sure what exactly is it.

 

“Oh, that – say, how do you feel about seafood?” Whatever Derek's face is doing in response, it makes him laugh. It explains why he couldn't tell what was in the bag, though. Sea smells disorient his nose. “Yeah, I thought that might not be a Scott thing. Lucky you I'm so thoughtful.”

 

The table in the kitchen area is tiny, there's barely enough space for two plates and takeout containers. Stiles got some sort of fish-burger which has more spices, soy and artificial aromas than actual fish in it. Derek's is game, a good healthy piece of venison in some sort of berry and chestnut sauce. The difference in the quality is staggering.

 

“If you know where to find a meal of this quality, why are you living off fast food?”

 

“Hey, I like fast food,” Stiles says, and his heart doesn't even blip. “I know I said education here is cheap, but that's only when you compare it to education back home. Fast food is a good friend of mine. And it tastes good.”

 

“Well, it smells like crap,” Derek mumbles and then quietly makes peace with the fact that he will, in fact, have to cook for them.

 

“Good thing you don't have to eat it, then, right? Look, Cora's been financing this little quest ever since Deaton said he had a reason to believe you're, eh, involved, so. Don't worry about it. We can afford it.”

 

Derek hasn't been worried – he's not used to worrying about money. He nods.

 

“I haven't remembered anything. There's nothing. One moment I'm painting Laura's old room, next I'm waking up