to cry. 

“I don’t know what I’m doing,” Stiles says against his lips, and Derek finally breathes. 

“Stiles, just stop talking,” he says, and their mouths finally meet. Stiles’ eyes slide shut, and Stiles stops being able to see anything.

Stiles made out with Heather that one time, and sort of Scott when they were curious kids, but nothing felt like this. Derek’s beard scrapes around Stiles’ mouth when they move in certain ways, like when Derek’s hands came up to Stiles shoulders and he pulled Stiles against his chest, and he's way more skilled than anyone Stiles had kissed before, which duh. 

Without his sight he’s even more lost than usual. He doesn’t have control of his body, he doesn’t know what he’s touching or when he’s going to touch. All he has is the echoed sensations of Derek’s body against his, his eyelashes fluttering on Stiles’ cheeks, and their mouths licking into one another. His hearing’s fine, but the sounds of macking without any other kind of stimulation when there definitely should be is kind of disorienting. 

Derek breaks apart to let out a breathy moan before Stiles pulls him back in, and holy God. Are his hands on what he thinks they’re on? Stiles can feel rough denim against his wrists and the back of his hands, and that’s definitely warm flesh in his palms. Is he actually grabbing Derek’s ass?

Stiles swallows the voyeuristic guilt bubbling up in his throat and tries to focus on what his body is doing. He’s watching, well feeling, Derek in an intimate moment and he’s not supposed to be there, even if it is his body doing it. 

Stiles’ eyes open and Stiles is actually able to see again. Derek’s just looking down at him, his face flushed, his pupils blown, and his mouth is red and glossy with spit because apparently whoever’s controlling Stiles is that good at faking his own inexperience. 

Stiles giggles a little and squeezes Derek’s ass once or twice before sliding out of Derek's pants. His hands come into view again, and Stiles taps Derek on the mouth lightly with his index and middle finger. Even if there’re no words spoken, Stiles has watched way too much porn not to know what’s happening. And sure enough, Derek’s lips part and he sucks Stiles’ fingertips into his mouth, his eyes dark and looking straight into Stiles’. Right at Stiles, the real Stiles it feels like, and for a second Stiles thinks Derek can actually see him there, stuck in his body. But then Derek’s eyes shut and he tips his head, exposing his neck in invitation. He doesn't see shit. 

Stiles leans forward instantly, but keeps his eyes open this time. He noses at Derek’s neck for a moment or two, shoving his fingers further into Derek’s mouth at the same time, and Stiles can feel the vibrations of his moan in his hand and the up the column of his throat. 

He’s never given a hickey, but his body does it for the first time then. Derek seems to love it if the way the noises he’s making and his hand in Stiles’ hair, pushing him forward into his neck, mean anything. It must be nice being a werwolf—you could love and enjoy getting hickeys all you wanted but never have to worry about the days of embarrassment while it healed. 

“Hey,” Stiles says, and he kisses lightly at the fading marks on Derek’s skin. 

Stiles’ fingers fall out of Derek’s mouth, and he says, “Yeah?” Derek's voice is so rough and Stiles' fingers are so slick that he doesn’t know what to feel. He’s so turned on but the guilt is eating him away. 

Stiles' other hand, the one that isn’t spit slick, trails down to grab at Derek’s ass, his fingers sliding into the space between his legs. “I wanna…” Stiles says, and trails off to squeeze an ass cheek. 

Derek seems to get what he’s asking, even if Stiles barely does, and he full body shivers in Stiles' arms. “Yeah,” Derek says firmly, and kisses the side of Stiles’ head, open mouthed and sloppy. 

Derek shoves his own pants down to mid thigh and spreads his legs so Stiles can slot between them. His dick is flushed and pretty, but Stiles only brushes it with his wrist while he moves his hand between Derek’s legs. Derek seems fine with that, grabbing himself while Stiles ignores it in favor of rubbing his fingertips against Derek’s rim. 

It’s fucked up. Stiles is watching his own hand pleasure Derek, has seen Derek’s dick, but he doesn't have control of the situation. He hasn’t even really touched Derek. 

Stiles leans forward to catch Derek’s lips, and Derek kisses