was one thing, but Jackson wanted to lean in and taste the source of it. One pop song into the ride, he had half a chub and he knew his sweatpants would do absolutely nothing to hide it, so he shifted as inconspicuously as he could and tried to cover it with his jacket.

Boyd sucked in a soft breath, and Jackson sat up straighter, the noise echoing in his head. His eyes flickered over to Boyd, and Jackson had half the mind to be embarrassed about the fact that Boyd’s stare was directed pretty obviously at Jackson’s lap. 

“What,” Jackson asked flatly, and refrained from shifting in his seat again.  

Boyd covered his mouth and turned towards the passenger window. “Nothing,” he said, and then he brought his eyes back to Jackson. “Just didn’t think giving people you barely know a ride home did it for you.” 

“Shut the fuck up. Lydia was in here earlier.” The excuse was instant, but he was pretty sure he and Boyd both knew Lydia had nothing to do with whatever was going on in his pants right then. They were on a break, or whatever that meant since he and Lydia still fooled around with each other whenever the mood struck them.

“And the big sweaty man with his stinky-ass gym bag didn’t kill it?” 

Jackson tightened his grip on the steering wheel and shifted his weight again. He didn’t have to look at Boyd to know his eyebrows were raised. “If you don’t stop talking shit I might have kick you out before we get anywhere near your apartment.”

He pulled over to the side of the road, next to some shady looking pizza joint, just to add weight to his threat, but Boyd just huffed out a laugh and shook his head like he'd just figured something out.

“You wouldn’t,” Boyd said, humor in his voice.

“And why the fuck wouldn’t I?” 

“Because you’re going to take me back to your place and fuck me,” Boyd said completely deadpan, the amusement still dancing in his eyes.

It felt like he’d been tackled, but in a way where he and his teammates were guaranteed to win a lacrosse game and all they had to do was hold the ball and run out the clock. Jackson definitely didn’t have half a chub anymore, and Jackson could only swallow. He didn’t say anything more, but he put his car back in drive and turned left instead of right at the next light.

“Put your gym bag in the laundry room because I don’t want you stinking up my room,” Jackson said as he unlocked his front door. David and Karen weren’t in, but when were they ever? It made sneaking in with someone else easier, though; Jackson couldn’t complain about that. 

“Any more requests, your highness?”

Boyd meant it as an insult and Jackson knew it, but he didn’t take it as one. He had no qualms about people calling him king and shit, none at all.

‘“Yeah, don’t fucking touch anything.” 

Jackson was hallway up the stairs when Boyd called from around the corner, “How ‘bout your phone.” 

“Yeah, whatever.”

He probably had to call his sister or whatever. 

Jackson headed up to his room and dug out the lube and a strip of condoms. He set it on the bed without care for where it landed—they'd find it when they needed to, and if they didn't, Jackson had more in the back of his bedside table. 

Boyd still wasn’t up by the time he'd finished that, so he busied himself with stripping. 

Jesus christ, Boyd was certainly taking his time. How long did it take to call his sister and tell her he didn’t need a ride?  

Jackson settled on the bed and aimlessly jacked himself before he could lose his hard-on and decide that Boyd wasn’t worth sticking his dick in. It was maybe thirty seconds or so before Boyd walked in. Instead of doing something productive, like falling face first onto Jackson’s dick, he immediately rolled his eyes when he saw Jackson.

“You’re late,” Jackson said, and Boyd toed off his shoes. 

“Why? Your stamina’s shit?” 

Jackson let go of himself to sneer—being turned on diluted the poison in his stare enough—and Boyd pulled off his shirt. Jackson’s hand was officially back on his dick again. Boyd looked ridiculously good. So good, he wanted to get Boyd’s pants off himself.

Jackson stood up off the bed and walked forward, preening under Boyd’s focused gaze. He hadn’t realized how much taller Boyd was until he reeled Boyd in by the waist of his pants and popped the button; he leaned in for a kiss and realized his mouth only hit Boyd’s sternum. 

“You didn’t tell me which door was yours. I had to open like six guest bedrooms to find my way here