up into Erica’s, trying to buck her off, but Erica’s hold was strong. She could hear her heartbeat speed up and smell the stench of sweat, but Erica knew better than to attribute that right off the bat to fear. Adrenaline often had the same effect, she’d found. 

“If you think a little pain is going to shut me up you’re dead wrong.”

“Who says I want to shut you up?”

Allison raised an eyebrow. “You don’t? Well in that case I have loads of stories to tell you. I bet you’re wondering about Isaac, or Stiles, that pathetic loser you had a crush on. Or you know what? I could tell you about Boyd, because I’m beginning to think I know a lot more about him than you do. And here’s a secret, they’re all a four letter word beginning and ending in the same letter. Smart enough to figure it out? No? I’ll give you a hint it’s the letter--” 

Erica tightened her grip on Allison’s throat. She had enough control to realize that if she crushed any harder her windpipe would collapse under the strain. 

“Shut up.”

Allison grinned, and it was too dark an expression to be on a girl that pretty’s face. 

“Make me,” she grit out and Erica had to punch the dirt next to her with her free hand to keep from killing Allison. 

“Don’t think I won’t,” Erica said, and she pushed her body forward capturing Allison’s bottom lip with her teeth. She bit hard enough to draw blood, but she didn’t shift her mouth to her human teeth after the initial pricks were done. If she bit right through Allison’s lip it wouldn’t bother her. She fucking deserved it. 

Allison shifted under Erica, trying to use her hands to get Erica off of her, but she couldn’t. In the end she bit back, and she made no excuses about the fact that she was clearly trying to hurt Erica. The good thing about being a werewolf though, was that as soon as Allison pulled back her skin healed and it’d be ready for biting again. 

Erica ran her tongue across her upper lip, releasing Allison’s bottom lip and brushing across her teeth. Allison’s tongue joined hers seconds later, and they were more fighting with their mouths than kissing. Teeth clacked together and there was blood filling both of their mouths, but Erica wasn’t sure whose it was. She wasn’t sure she cared either. 

Erica tilted her weight and Allison took advantage of that, rolling them over so that Erica was pinned. Allison sat back, and before Erica could react there was a knife at her throat, threatening. It had a funny smell that Erica couldn’t place, but she knew it was trouble. Maybe wolfsbane, maybe that stupid kanima slobber, maybe something else entirely. A hunter couldn’t just bring knives to a wolf fight, they had to coat the thing in shit too. 

“Why don’t you tell me why I shouldn’t just cut your head off right here, throw you into that grave you were digging and leave,” Allison said breathlessly. She licked her lips and Erica followed the movement. They were red and swollen and Erica could tell she liked it. 

Erica snorted and tried not to pull away from the knife, show Allison it scared her. She was suddenly glad humans couldn’t hear heartbeats or smell fear. She raised a shaky hand and placed it against Allison’s stomach, pulling at the fabric slightly with her nails. Allison flinched. 

“Why don’t you tell me why I shouldn’t just destroy your insides. You’re human, they won’t heal.” 

The cool metal of the blade pressed harder against Erica’s neck, but it hadn’t broken the skin yet, and Erica was thankful for that.

“Because the Argents will come after you. They take care of their own.”

“Kill me and you’ll sic the pack on yourself and your family, and trust me. You don’t want that. The kid who did a number on the body I was burying is quite a force to reckon with.” 

“They don’t scare me as much as my family scares you.”

Erica smirked and sent her nails through Allison’s dress, tearing at the cloth and lightly scratching her stomach. “Want to test that out?”

The blade broke skin slightly and Erica winced. It was fucking wolfsbane laced, she could feel the sluggish effects already. 

“Hey, hey, alright I’ve got other assets, ease up on the knife a little,” she said and she trailed her nails up Allison’s soft thighs, warping the flesh but not breaking it, and rested her hands under her dress.

“Like what,” Allison said through clenched teeth. Erica was thrilled to see Allison’s eyes were on her lips, interested.

Her fingers slid