, who is one of the state’s best criminal defense lawyers, getting rich scum off the hook for an exorbitant fee. Derek’s not sure if he should give Jackson a good grade just to shut him up and never have to hear from him again or if he should fail the little prick just on principle. He shoves it aside and starts reading Stiles’ essay. 

It’s a history of male circumcision and the first two paragraphs alone are nearly pornographic and have Derek breaking out in a sweat at his desk. 

Jesus, that kid’s going to kill him. 

***

Another lacrosse practice, another fight between Stilinski and Whittemore, and Derek’s not sure how two kids who can’t stand each other keep ending up interacting. Shouldn’t the natural and mutual hatred between them end up repelling them like magnets or something? Derek doesn’t know (or care) who started it (though he always suspects Whittemore), but he’s the one who’s ending it and God, he swore he would never turn into his father but here he is, sounding more and more like him every day. 

Derek can hardly look at Stiles since the circumcision essay and his ode to dicks, both cut and uncut, and Jesus, what the hell kind of grade was Derek supposed to give that? It was outrageously well written but also extraordinarily inappropriate. Derek may have also jacked off twice because of it - once right after reading it and then again later on that night (and he was not that young anymore). So it’s with some relief that Finstock breaks up the fight first and while Derek usually hates having to have him as an assistant coach of the lacrosse team (excuse you, Co-Coach, Finstock will yell) he’s pretty grateful for it because it means he didn’t have to actually lay hands on Stiles to break up a fight. 

Because all he can think about is laying hands on Stiles. 

Not an hour later and just as he was praising Finstock before, he’s cursing the man now. His punishment for Whittemore and Stilinski was they had to do extra laps around the field. The rest of the team has long since showered and gone home, including Finstock, but Derek is stuck, waiting out the two of them, even as they doggedly toss sneers at one another. 

Derek stands like a sentry in the locker room while both boys head to the shower, hoping to God, the Devil, or anyone who will listen that they will NOT get into a fight in the shower, while Stiles is naked and wet, his lithe, slender body slippery with hot water. 

Jesus, take the wheel. 

Whittemore comes out after two minutes, bitches about the water pressure, gets dressed and heads home. Derek can hear the screech of the Porsche's tires on the pavement. He’s not sure if he’s grateful or resentful that he won’t have to break up a naked shower fight between Jackson and Stiles. 

He’s so going to hell. 

He goes to the coaching office, closes the door and sits down behind the old, battered desk, resting his head in his hands. He’s got to get a grip on himself. Ha. The thought alone makes his dick twitch. He thinks about Stiles, just through the doorway in the showers and Derek forces himself to take a deep, steadying breath. 

The knock on the door startles him and he jumps up a bit. Stiles pokes his head in - hair wet, fucking eyelashes dark and damp, framing his large eyes. 

“Uh, Mr. Hale?”

“Yes, Stiles, what is it?” Derek says, fiddling with some papers on the desk, tidying them, not really reading them. 

Stiles comes in and he’s got loose sweatpants on that hang low, barely holding on to his sharp hipbones. His shirt is a little wet, clinging to him at the jut of his shoulders, the curve of his bicep, the dip of his low back. 

Derek looks down and fiddles again with the papers, tapping their edge against the desk table, straightening their already perfectly aligned edge. 

“I was, uh, wondering something?”

“What?”

Stiles pauses for a moment and then seems to nod to himself a little before closing the door to the office behind him. Derek feels a drop of sweat run down his back and pool a bit at the base of his spine. He’s the adult here, he’s the authority figure. There’s no way that he should feel like he’s just been trapped in the room with a seventeen-year-old boy. 

A beautiful seventeen-year-old boy with skin that looks creamy soft, barely hinting at any kind of stubble on the chin and across the jaw bone, peppered with dark moles that Derek would love to take his tongue to and…

Stiles comes around the side of the desk, why? Derek has no idea. It forces him to turn in his chair to face Stiles, who stands before him, loose-limbed and somewhat gangly. Stiles licks