you can do it. You're always the one who pulls through in the end, you're always the one who gets the fuck back up and keeps going. What are you still doing in this bed? Get up, Derek. Get up. They need you!


...get up, Derek. Please?



...I need you."


--

It's a perfect world in which Alison moves to town in the eighth grade, still growing into her looks but deadly with a crossbow. Scott's head-over-heels for her, and Lydia thinks she's best friend material, and so they grow from four to five. Derek's not fussed- Alison's nice enough, and she steals lots of Scott's attention. Stiles is happy for both of them because he's a genuinely good person, and when they all go to the eighth grade winter formal, he dances with Lydia, but pushes Derek up against the coatroom wall and kisses him with enthusiasm, but no finesse, tasting of Skittles and Pepsi in the dim light. Derek kisses back, breathing in the reassuring scent of green and warm and his, and then it's over and Stiles is smiling, and they go back to the disco-lit gym to join their friends.

At some point he hears from Scott about Alison's crazy aunt, who got locked up in an asylum for scary things like rape and pyromania. Apparently it runs in the family, because her grandfather's in a facility somewhere too, but Alison never knew either of them, so even though it's kind of weird, it's not really a big deal. It feels somehow like it should be significant, but he's not sure why, so he spends a few minutes trying to imagine what it would be like not to know members of his family, to have them somewhere he couldn't see or talk to or smell them. It's disturbing, so he lets it go. No sense borrowing trouble, he thinks, and doesn't wonder about Alison's family any more.

He's not sure when his mother figures it out, though really, maybe she had always known. She starts leaving books out like Mating Young, and For Better and For Worse: Bondmates in Werewolf Society. He reads them, then leaves them lying around his room so that Stiles will pick them up. Every so often he'll catch a spike of heated scent from across the room while Stiles is reading, and have to fidget and adjust his jeans. The books are informative on the details, but they don't actually tell him anything he didn't already somehow know. Stiles must feel the same way, because he never mentions any of it, just takes the reading in stride with a level heartbeat and a lot of snacking.

--


"Ok, Derek. So, maybe, when you wake up, you might hate me for this, but I don't know what else to do. You've got no one left; Peter's dead, thank every god there is, and the rest of your pack... they're not equipped to deal with this. Scott and Alison got into Davis, and they start next week, and Scott somehow managed to get a scholarship, so he can't defer, and Alison's dad sure the hell isn't going to let her put off schooling because you won't just wake up. 



Anyway, the thing is, the thing is this, the hospital can't keep you anymore, not really, and I know you're like, rich, and someone set up your bank account to cover this insane hospital bill, but they need to move you out, because, you know, you're recovered, right? You're recovered, except for the whole waking up thing, otherwise you're fine. So, they were going to ship you off to the, what do you call it, not a retirement home, not really, but the convalescence place, you know, the one where Peter was, and I just couldn't... fuck.



I couldn't let them do that to you, Derek. If anything's going to keep you hiding in there forever, it sure would be getting stuck into the same four walls where Peter did all his insane plotting. So, you're coming home with me. Yep! That's it! Aren't you glad? Stilinski residence, ho! You'll be like, an honorary Stilinski. C'mon, Derek, tell me you've never wanted me as a little brother!



...yeah, Dad did agree. It took a while, but he feels bad for you, you know? I'm gonna go part time to the community college, and probably do some free-lance internet stuff so that I can take care of you. I know how to, you know. I used to watch the home nurses do IVs and stuff, so you'll be in good