claws come out, and the hunter sights down the length of his crossbow.  Then Laura steps in from the street, grabbing the man’s wrist and twisting it until he yells and drops the bow.  She throws him to the ground, and comes over to stand protectively in front of Derek as the hunter rolls and gets to his feet.

“You were threatening my brother.  That was stupid. You must know he’s not an omega.”  Her fangs are fully extended, changing the shape of her mouth enough to make her words slightly hard to understand.

“I was testing, not threatening.”  The hunter’s scent changes with Laura’s arrival—fearful, no longer predatory.  “The two of you have had free rein in this city for almost three years now, with no hunters around to keep an eye on you.”

Laura’s growl turns into more of a roar, and the hunter’s heart rate gets louder and faster, but he stands his ground.  “You’re being watched,” he says.  “We just thought you might like to know.”

“Get out of here.  Now.”  Laura’s voice is barely recognizable as human.  Her shoulders are rippling, the muscles shifting into their bigger, stronger form.  Derek can tell that she’s fighting it and losing.  The hunter turns and runs, which was exactly the wrong thing to do, as the wolf’s urge to give chase is so strong that it drowns the rest of her humanity.  She springs forward, and Derek yells her name and grabs her arm, his claws sinking deep into her flesh.

The pain distracts her, and she turns on Derek instead. Her paw catches him in the chest and sends him flying across the alley to smash into the opposite wall.  The skin on his temple and cheek gets rips to shreds as his face hits the brick, and he can feel several ribs fracture and break.  It’s the most intense physical pain he’s experienced in quite some time.

Laura crouches at his side, human again.  “Sorry,” she says, gruffly and without guilt. Which is fine: his scrapes are the only possible outcome of clawing a pissed-off alpha, and they’re far from the most pressing problem right now.  “What did you tell him?”

“The truth.  That we’re peaceful, that we haven’t hurt anyone.  I don’t think he believed me.” He sits up and leans against the wall, listening to his heart beat gradually slow.

Laura snarls softly at the hunter’s abandoned crossbow.  “Fuck him. Fuck all of them. If they come near you again, I’ll—“

“No. We can’t wait for them to decide we’ve put a toe out of line.  We need to leave, now.”

Laura cuffs the side of his head, making his ears ring. “We have a life here, and we’re not leaving just because some hunters are trying to bully us!”

“He saw you change in broad daylight and almost attack him!  He’s going to tell the others that you’re out of control—“

Laura’s hand is at the back of his neck, shoving him face down on the ground.  Derek snaps at her wrist and struggles, and she lets her claws extend, gouging into his skin and pushing his bloody cheek into the gravel.  “We’re not running,” Laura says, her lips against his ear.  “If we start now, we’ll never stop.’

Derek goes limp, and Laura lets him go.  He sits up again, and neither of them say anything for a while.  There’s blood on her shirt from where his claws got her, but those wounds will have already healed, whereas the cuts she gave his neck won’t be gone till the morning.

Packs of two are not ideal.  A pack is better balanced with at least two betas: it gives the alpha more solid power base, and the alpha’s instincts (the protectiveness, the aggression) don’t get entirely focused on just one wolf.  

Derek knows that he’ll never be in a pack larger than two again, and he wouldn’t trade it.  But sometimes it’s exhausting. Sometimes he wishes she could just be his sister. 

Laura is the first one to stand.  “Let’s get home.  We can clean and bandage your neck.”  She holds out a hand to help him up, and he takes it.

 

*

 

It ends up being an accident, not that that matters.  For Laura’s 21st birthday, 2 of her co-workers take her out for drinks, and she drags Derek with them despite his protests that he doesn’t have a fake ID.  (“Just look for the female bartenders and smile when you order—actually, that’ll probably work for the guys, too.”)  A crowded bar and a new-to-them breed of wolfsbane, the scent disguised because it’s mixed with the Jagerbomb that Laura knocks back with her friends