on the table, murder shining in his gaze as he glared around the cafeteria. The girls on the Student Council were all wearing tiny sets of glittered wings as they passed out single red roses to people whose significant others had shelled out $5 to make a public gesture on V-Day. Scott had sent five of them to Allison, which Stiles knew because he had been in class with her when the delivery came, and had face-planted on his desk while she blushed her most charming shade of red, and the rest of the class twittered with envy. "Oh, here we go." Scott rolled his eyes as he chuckled, Isaac looking perplexed beside him. "Stiles' annual anti-Valentine's rant." "It's a stupid fucking holiday, set up and promoted by the consumer industry to force purchases out of guilt and obligation...:" "...and to reinforce stereotyped gender norms." Scott laughed, clapping him on the shoulder. "It's not that you're wrong, buddy, it's just..." "That you're wrong." Isaac grinned at him, and Stiles tried valiantly and with no success to kill him with his eyes. "Can I have your complimentary cafeteria chocolate?" "Ugh." Stiles shoved his sloppy joe in his mouth to shut himself up, rolling his eyes and nodding as Isaac's fingers inched toward the foil-wrapped heart on his tray. Isaac snagged it, popping it into his mouth and beaming angelically.

 -- There was a pack meeting scheduled for that night. Derek had promised to keep it brief in the face of grumbles from all of the couples with plans, but it was the full moon the next day, and Derek liked to have everyone check in. It'd been a year since the betas were turned, and everyone had mastered control, or mastered it enough, anyway, but that was Derek for you, Stiles thought, ever-vigilant for the next thing to go wrong.

Scott had texted him after school to let him know when to show up- apparently the main topic for the night was some new omega who'd been wandering the borders of the territory. Scott thought probably Derek wanted someone to come with him to check it out, and sure enough, as soon as the informal check-ins were done, Derek brought it up. It was interesting, Stiles guessed, though it didn't sound like much of a threat, but he generally tended to be on Derek's side of things when it came to “let's assume the worse until proven otherwise”.

So there he was, nodding along agreeably, when Derek asked who had plans. Every arm in the room shot up, except Stiles'. Derek squinted at him. "Stiles?" "Yeah, ok." Stiles sighed, pried himself off the couch. Not like he was going to be doing anything else anyway, and his Dad was on the late shift, since he hated Valentine's Day as much as Stiles did. "I'll come." "Why don't you have plans?" "Because Valentine's day is a gender-normative..." started Lydia Scott chimed in, "...consumer-obligating, corporately-constructed..." "single-shaming mockery of feeling..." Jackson picked up the thread "...that values performative romantic and sexual 'love' over all other forms of emotional attachment." Stiles glared around the room as he finished, crossing his arms in front of his chest as he stood in front Derek, waiting to be laughed out of the room. Derek just looked at him for a long moment, his eyebrows raised thoughtfully before nodding shortly. "Yeah. It's a pretty shitty holiday." Stiles face split wide open, and he stepped forward as a chorus of boos rose in the background. "It's the worst!" "Can we go now? We've got reservations at seven, and I'm not dressed." Lydia's tone made it clear that the question was a formality, even as she gathered her purse and coat. "Yeah, yeah. Be careful." Derek waved a hand absently at his betas as they trooped out the door, chattering madly about dinners and flowers and dates. “C'mon, Stiles." Derek shrugged into his jacket and reached for his keys, turning to catch Stiles' eye and nod his head toward the door. "Let's go." -- They ran into the omega around ten thirty after a long and boring drive around town, and it turned out that he was actually looking for Derek anyway. It was all very amicable; he was just passing through, stopped to visit a cousin, and wanted to find Derek to let him know, but hadn't managed to track him down yet. He and Derek kind of hit it off, which was a little weird to Stiles- he'd never really seen Derek have camaraderie with anyone right off the bat, but apparently they knew each other loosely in high school, and so they all three went to the local fast food joint to catch up over fries.

Ryan, the omega, headed