the lottery, and then lets herself sink down onto him in one movement.

"Fuck," Gary moans, hips spasming up into hers as she pulls up for another thrust. "God, Kate, don't stop."

"Not gonna stop, sweetie," she says, her back straightening as she settles in to ride him in earnest. Gary finds himself unable to do anything but watch her. She looks magnificent, head tilted back with a pleased smile on her face, her breasts bouncing in time with her thrusts as she rides him hard.

Gary gasps when he feels her muscles start to clench around him, and lets his hands slide up her hips to feel the swell of her ass as she undulates on his cock. She grins at him and takes his hands in hers, moving them up her body so that he's cupping her breasts. Gary takes the hint, thumbing over her nipples and watching them harden into points beneath his fingers. She smiles and slows her rhythm to lean forward and give him a rough kiss.

"Touch me," she demands, still panting from the kiss as she takes one of his hands and moves it between her legs. Unable not to obey, Gary lets her grind on his hand. Kate moans loudly, her hips circling as she straightens up to increase the pace, encouraging him to keep time with her.

"Kate," Gary gasps, his free hand clutching at her waist as she moves above him. "Kate, you need to slow down."

If anything, Kate speeds up at his words, grinning and panting. "It's okay, babe. Just so long as you remember what to say."

"Kate." It falls from his mouth like a prayer, his hips pistoning up into her body and muscles tensing as he comes. He maintains enough presence of mind during his orgasm to keep his fingers working her clit until she cries out too, coming for a second time.

When the last of the afterglow fades, Gary gets up and throws away the condom, heading to the bathroom to clean himself off. He comes back into the bedroom dressed in a pair of blue boxers and rifles through his closet for something to offer Kate. He's not sure she'll want to stay, but it's common courtesy for him to offer her something to sleep in if she does. Unfortunately, as a bachelor, he doesn't have much in the way of women's clothes, and eventually steps back holding an old academy exercise shirt.

"Are you okay to spend the night?" he asks her, walking back to the bed and holding out the shirt. Kate rolls into a sitting position and takes it from him with a slight nod, pulling it over her head. She stands up to let Gary pull back the sheets, the shirt falling almost halfway down her thighs before she rucks it up and slides into bed. Holding up the sheets, she pats the spot beside her and aims a seductive smile at Gary. He lets out a soft snort of amusement and slips in beside her, curling her in against his body. He falls asleep to the sound of her steady breathing beside him.

 

In the morning, Gary wakes up to an empty bed and a voicemail from his other boss.

He groans as he stands up, muscles he hasn't used in months protesting the activities of the night before. Gary listens to the voicemail before he gets in the shower out of habit; he knows where to go and what to bring when he gets a call from Caleb. It's been ten years since Gary started helping Caleb patrol this section of the Argent territory for supernatural threats, and the man hasn't changed his methods at all.

So Gary calls in a personal day to the station and shows up at Caleb and Anne's house at 0900 sharp with his wolfsbane bullets and his non-police issue guns, not wanting to miss the meeting before the hunt.

"Come in, come in," Caleb says when he answers the door, giving Gary a slap on the back as he walks by. "We've been waiting for you to get started."

"We?" Gary asks as they head towards the foyer. Usually the hunts they get assigned by the Argents are small time Omegas where only he and Gary and sometimes Anne are needed.

"Yup," Caleb says cheerfully. "This time we've got a rogue Alpha coming through, so we're just going to be the backup."

"So who's leading the charge?" Gary asks as they round the corner and enter the sitting room.

"I am," says a muffled female voice from the kitchen. Kate steps out from behind the wall holding a half eaten chocolate chip cookie in one hand and winking at him. "I must say, these cookies are even better than the ones my sister-in-law makes, and hers are to die for."

"Gary," Caleb says, gesturing towards Kate. "Meet Kate Argent. Kate, meet Gary Fieldman." Gary feels his jaw drop and does his best not to gape. Kate is an