and had probably specifically asked for no help from Jackson. Great. Jackson was already feeling irritated and the date was barely four minutes in.

Jackson ran his hand down his thigh and let out a slow breath. “So. Where are we going.”

Stiles relaxed, seemingly grateful for the change in topic, and tapped out a beat on the steering wheel. “There’s this place with like, chicken nuggets yeah? They dress it up like parmesan chicken, like the sauce, the cheese, the whole nine yards, right? And then they pile it on french fries. It’s amazing.”

That sounded...messy.

“And that’s...good?” Jackson said, unable to hold in his incredulity.

“Mhmm, and Scott vouches for the fried mushrooms and jalapenos.”

Before Jackson could form a reply, Stiles said, “Oh! That new froyo place opened up.” And the jeep took a very sudden turn that had Jackson throwing his arm against the window to brace himself.

“Are you trying to get me killed?” Jackson shouted, his voice tight, and Stiles pulled into the parking lot.

“No, I think that would rather defeat the purpose of a date.”

Stiles killed the engine and leaned on his side to slide his keys into his apparently too tight jeans. Jackson stared distractedly at the way the position put his ass on show.

“Well you tried to pretend I had the wrong number the day we planned this, so I don’t know, killing me seemed like a perfect progression.”

Stiles rolled his eyes and carefully slid his hand out of his pocket. “I didn’t want to talk to you.”

“How nice. You say that shit to all your dates?”

“Nope,” Stiles said, popping the p. “You would be the first to have that honor.”

Jackson’s stomach rolled uncomfortably. Was that...were they flirting? That was too fucking weird. He had to put a stop to that immediately.

“But anyway, you coming in?”

Stiles opened his door and jumped out, his eyebrows raised expectantly, but Jackson just shook his head and leaned back in his seat.

“I’m not really into eating desserts before dinner. Especially not from a place that looks like it might top your froyo with rat shit.”

“Would it kill you to be nice for once?”

Stiles stared at Jackson anticipatorily with the door half open, but Jackson turned his eyes towards the windshield and stared hard in lieu of answering.

“Fine,” Stiles said, punctuating it by slamming the door hard enough to shake the jeep. “I don’t even know why I bothered with this fucking date,” Stiles muttered to himself as he walked (or more like stomped) to Froyo World, and he had to have been around Scott long enough to know that Jackson could hear every word.

And honestly, Jackson didn’t know either. Who fucking knew what half-assed thought had caused Stiles to even think of asking Jackson out, but clearly Stiles was invested in it enough to put effort into his appearance, and Jackson wasn’t sure how that made him feel.

Jackson ran his fingers down his jeans, smoothing out wrinkles that didn’t exist. Fuck. Okay. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and rested his thumb on the lockscreen for a minute or so, just breathing, before he pulled up his messages and asked Stiles to get him a cookie dough with sprinkles.

Stiles didn’t answer his text, but he had two bowls in his hands when he returned to the jeep.

“I thought you didn’t eat dessert before dinner,” Stiles said as he passed one over to Jackson.

Cookie dough froyo with chocolate sprinkles. The sprinkles were likely a poke at Jackson’s rat droppings comment, knowing Stiles.

“Yeah, well.” Jackson shrugged and didn’t continue. Instead he lifted his spoon to his mouth. The froyo wasn’t that bad; maybe he’d take Danny out here once.

Stiles made a positively filthy noise, and Jackson jerked forward, nearly choking on his spoonful. Stiles had his head leaned back as far as it could comfortably go with his eyes closed and his face in mock bliss. Jackson looked at the froyo, wondering what could be so good to warrant moaning, but was met with confusion when he saw what was in his bowl.

“Plain...strawberry?”

Stiles opened his eyes and turned towards Jackson with a grin. “Can’t mess with perfection.”

Jackson didn’t have anything to say to that so he went back to his froyo, and for a while the only sounds in the jeep were the scrape of spoons against cardboard bowls. And it was really fucking awkward.

Stiles hummed like he was going to say something, then stopped. Jackson opened his mouth once or twice, but didn’t say anything either. The date was going to go real freaking well if this continued.

Eventually, Stiles coughed into his hand and peered at Jackson out of the corner of his eyes. “So...you liked to be punched.”

Jackson