really, shockingly similar to the butterflies he felt the first time he talked to Allison.  

Maybe that’s his answer.  

“I like you,” he tells Isaac for the second time. “I mean, I really like you. I guess I just hadn’t thought about it before.”

Isaac moves closer to him.  “Is it just because Allison broke up with you?”

“No. It’s not like I don’t still have feelings for her—“

Isaac stiffens and tries to back away.  Scott catches his wrist.  

“But I have feelings for you, too.  Is that okay?”

Scott can hear Isaac’s heartbeat, how fast it’s going.  “I think so,” he says, glancing down at Scott’s mouth.   

This feels different than it felt five minutes ago, when everything was fast and chaotic and escalated quickly to boners and grinding.  This time, they move towards each other more slowly, and they kiss a few times before anyone’s tongue gets involved.  Then Isaac moans and wraps both of his arms around Scott and presses his whole body up against Scott’s whole body and that’s it for the slowness.  

They both stumble a bit when Scott tries to walk them toward the bed, but they do eventually make it.  Scott kind of loses himself in the kissing until Isaac pulls away, panting, and Scott can see that he’s fully transformed. IT should be weird, seeing the face of the person you’re kissing change like that, but Scott’s surprised to find that it’s not a boner killer—kind of the opposite, in fact.  Which probably has something to do with how Scott’s eyes are almost certainly more than a little gold at the moment.

“How do you control it?” Isaac says, his voice inhuman.

“You don’t have to, not with me,” Scott says, and it makes Isaac’s hips buck up hard against him. Scott gasps.  “But—you can try to calm down, breathe through it.  And—and I don’t know, just try to focus on each sensation as it comes?”  Scott cringes, pretty sure that he’s the worst werewolf sex teacher in history, but Isaac is staring at him with parted lips like he’s drinking in every word.  Scott remembers the first time Allison got a really good look at his face while he wolfed out, and the way she touched his cheek and leaned in slowly before kissing him, giving him time to get the wolf under control.  The memory rips at his heart a little bit, but it also makes him feel like he can pass on that feeling that Allison gave to him.  

“Focus on this,” Scott says, touching Isaac’s cheek. Isaac closes his eyes, and Scott leans in slowly.  By the time he touches their lips together, Isaac’s forehead has smoothed out, and when he opens his mouth against Scott’s, his fangs are gone.  

“Wow,” Isaac says, a little shakily.  

“Yeah,” Scott says, grinning down at him.  Isaac pushes himself up on his elbows and kisses Scott again, then trails his mouth over Scott’s cheek, his jaw and kisses the most sensitive part of Scott’s neck, sucking and biting and making Scott groan.  It amazes Scott that he meant everything he said to Allison about waiting, about fate, while at the same time a whole different person can make him feel like this.  Everything about Isaac makes Scott want to wrap himself around him and never let go, and he feels so completely unprepared for it.

“I want, can I,” Isaac asks, the words strained and muffled against Scott’s hair, and Scott doesn’t really know what Isaac’s asking, but he hastily says yes because he would probably agree to anything right now.  Then Isaac reaches down to squeeze Scott’s dick, and even through his boxers and his jeans, the touch still forces an extremely undignified sound out of Scott.  

“I need to get your pants off,” Isaac says, his voice all urgent and earnest, as if he’s saying something that Scott never would have figured out otherwise.

“O-okay,” Scott says.  He sits up enough for Isaac to get both his hands between them, undoing the button and yanking down the zipper, and Scott feels unbelievably vulnerable for a second when Isaac yanks his pants and his boxers down below his ass—the cool air in the bedroom hits his junk and for a second it makes him want to pull back and shrink away from everything that’s happening.  But then Isaac’s palm is there, warm and wrapped around him, and Scott is right back in this.

“What do you want me to do?” Isaac asks, as if Scott could possibly answer that coherently right now.  He’s not moving his hand, instead just gently holding Scott’s dick in his fingers.  He moves the pad of his thumb shyly over the head, and Scott squeezes his eyes shut.

“Anything you