really was on the inside. Although he still didn't show it very often, but Stiles was the only one that could bring the real Isaac out. Sometimes when he looked at Stiles as he often does, admiring every trademark of beauty he had, he worried how ugly and disgusting he is in comparison. Stiles had caught well on to Isaac's self-conciousness and would always reassure him that he was the most handsome and amazing boy he could ever ask for. It melted every particle of Isaac's being, swooning in just a touch from his warm hands and those skinny long fingers he had.
-When you cry,
a little part of me dies inside.
When you laugh,
A bubble of hapiness fills me up and makes me high.
When you say you like me,
I pinch myself because i swear i'm still dreaming.
When you're not around,
I feel lost again but i remember i've been found.
When you are just you,
I know i love you.-
Was this too soon? Those three words he has been dying to say, but it's those three words he fears might make him turn away.
'I know i love him, i knew the first moment i kissed him.'
Isaac felt stupid and pathetic that he already feels that way, it's only been 3 weeks since they started dating, but he still wondered if Stiles loved him too. He still knew that those feelings were true and he tried to brush it off that it was a werewolf thing.
"Lahey! Care to join us?" Isaac looked up from his paper he's been writing the love note on and turned to his teacher, who looked very impatient and irritated, like always.
"Uh yeah, sorry was just taking notes.."
"Care to tell us what notes these are?"
The teacher started walking over to his desk and Isaac panicked, Stiles can't know i wrote this, not yet, not with that last part. But before he could pick it up the teacher already had it in his hands, and decided to take it upon himself to read it to the rest of the class.
'I'm so screwed' He could feel his face getting hot and probably blood red, so he buried it in the cross of him arms. The teacher read off the whole note with an evil smirked sprawled across his face, obviously enjoying how embarrassing this was for Isaac. Stiles back was turned and he was surprisingly paying undivided attention to something for once during class. His face, was as well, blushing but Isaac didn't see it. He didn't want to look up. He didn't want to face what he might do when he hears those words.
"Well, if this was an English class, Isaac, i wouldn't be failing you." The whole class was smirking and giggling about the note, wondering who it was about. Isaac still didn't look up. he still couldn't handle it.
'That was not the way i wanted him to find out'
Class was over and it was the start of lunch time, Isaac had waited for every one else to leave the room before he did, and when he got out into the hall, there he was. Stiles; waiting for him. He almost turned away and started running, but a soft hand grabbed his left arm just as he was turning his body. when he looked back and actually saw Stiles face, the knot in his stomach gave a violent throb and made him squeak.
Stiles was smiling from ear to ear; red was brushed over his entire face, and even when he was about speak it didn't disappear at all. He looked backed down at his shoes just before Stiles words came out, trying to hide in one way or another but Stiles wouldn't let him, and pulled his chin up so they were looking directly at one another.
"I love you too, Isaac"
He froze, a cold an intense wave spun through him and everything went silent.
'Did he just...?' and before he could even collect himself from what he just heard, Stiles lips were pressed to his. The entire hall was filled with squirming and rushing students who had to have seen this just happen. What was everyone going to say? Isaac's body did for him what he thought he couldn't do, and kissed him back. Even pulled Stiles closer into him and held him tightly. That moment - this moment - was all that existed presently. He heard none of the other kids in the hall talking or moving. All he could hear was Stiles breathing, their lips meeting, and his heart beat probably about to burst. Which undoubtedly the others had to have heard or felt, but he couldn't pull away, all he could do was literally die in the most amazing moment he has ever felt happen. 
'Stiles Stilinski... loves me....?'

~Our lips would kiss and not tell,
Now our hands are held free from secrecy.~


They walked down the hall with their fingers locked, people