video and slid a hand into his pants. 

It started like any cheesy porn did. Girl wearing skimpy cheerleader outfit met quarterback, then porn dialogue happened. The guy was...not bad looking, but he definitely agreed with the choice the cheerleader made. He always thought it was kind of interesting that she kicked out the first guy for not liking the way he looked or whatever, and then porn dialogue’d the fuck out of another football player, who took her out to the sports shed to fuck her on the high jump mats at halftime. 

“Take off your pants, big boy, I want to see that hard cock,” cheerleader said, and Jackson sucked in a breath. 

She sprawled out on the high jump mats and showed the viewers she wasn’t wearing underwear, and the football player hurried to strip. 

“Look how hard that thing is for me. I wanna suck your cock so bad.” 

The football player practically jumped on the mat to get to her, but in the way straight porn guys acted excited so they could still show off the girl. She pushed him back by the shoulder, and clicked her tongue in a way that reminded Jackson of Lydia, and fuck, Stiles.

Jackson’s hand stopped moving. 

“First I want you to take my pussy out to dinner. I want you to make me so wet, Baby.” 

Jackson shut the laptop as fast as he was able and dropped his head to the desk. He was so fucking hard—he was always this hard watching this one, and the fucking hadn’t even started yet. 

He sucked in a shuddering breath and pushed away the image of Stiles laying back on those mats, telling Jackson how much he wanted him to suck his dick like he knew it was all Jackson wanted. It didn’t mean anything. It was porn he’d seen many times—it was no surprise he’d start replacing the characters with current crushes. He just—he needed new porn. 

Jackson pulled his hand out of his pants and opened up the laptop again. He went on some amateur porn site, ignoring all his usual haunts because...well he just did, and searched for vanilla porn. 

He clicked on a video that had attractive actors and put his hand back in his pants. After a minute or so of that he rolled his eyes and clicked another video. After four more videos of the same his dick started losing interest, and Jackson kicked the wall behind his desk as hard as he could. 

He clicked another. He jerked himself hard before the actors had barely started in an attempt to actually feel something, and then the standard beginning of video blowjob came and the guy started pulling the girl’s hair, telling her to suck it even harder and petting her face when she did, and Jackson exited the window so fast he’d barely just started to imagine himself in her position. 

That still didn’t mean anything. So what if he liked sex with people who knew what they wanted? It wasn’t a bad thing. And sex with Lydia was nothing like with Stiles. So that’s. Just all it was. It was Stiles’ fault things were weird. 

Jackson had his phone in his hand and was dialing Lydia before he’d thought about it. The phone rang five times before Lydia picked up, and Jackson had nearly ended the call and put it back in his pocket.

“Jackson, you do realize school is still in—”

“Lydia, have I ever done something weird during sex?” he said before he could talk himself out of it. 

There was a slight pause on the other end, and the click of a door shutting. 

“You’re going to have to be more specific than that,” Lydia said, completely blasé, and Jackson bit down a snarl.   

“It’s a simple question,” Jackson spit out. 

“This isn’t, like, an attempt to get back together is it, Jackson? Because I’ve already—”

“Jesus Christ, Lydia. Just answer the fucking question.” 

His patience was running out and Lydia had the gall to sigh like Jackson was a child to be humored. Jackson nearly hung up on her. 

“What? Are you like, doing werewolf things and trying to figure out what? Because you started out hating to be marked and giving me hickeys and stuff, and then all of a sudden you were really into that.” 

Jackson ground his teeth together and Lydia sighed again; she’d always heard him do that and she used to reprimand him for it. Just the thought of it after all this...Stiles weird thing, had him stopping immediately before she could even say it, like he was afraid he’d get turned on from it or something. 

“Is this about Stiles? Danny said something about you and him. Are you asking him to do stuff and he’s not into it?” 

“Sure. Yeah. Did I ask things you weren’t into?” 

Lydia hummed a bit, and Jackson’s stomach churned. His knee wouldn’t stop jiggling.