and some paper towels and they sit at the kitchen table. 

“The thing is, kiddo, you know better. I know you know better.”

Oh god. If the punishment is bad, the lecturing is worse. Stiles can’t handle the guilt. The shame. The disappointment. 

His dad levels him with a look. Not only does his dad believe in the lecture, he also believes in full participation in the lecture. 

“Yeah. I do,” Stiles mumbles. 

“And I get what you were trying to do. You were trying to help. God knows you’ve got your mother’s,” his dad obviously was trying to say this sentence without getting emotional but isn’t managing it. “Your mother’s heart.”

Stiles smiles. “She always said I had yours.”

“Well, I guess you come by it honestly then. I know you wanted to help your friends.” His dad kind of pauses and Stiles knows he’s as hung up on that word as Stiles. Jackson Whittemore, Stiles’ friend. 

Derek Hale. 

Friend. 

Or something, at least, Stiles thinks. 

“And I know you’re almost eighteen now and I’ve tried to do right by your mother and raise you to make good choices. I know your heart was in the right place.”

Could it be that Stiles might not be facing a home-made penitentiary? Because it sounds like his dad actually gets why Stiles was doing what he was doing.

“But, totally unacceptable with the lying.”

And there goes Stiles’ hope out the window. 

“From now on, I want to know where you are and who you’re with. You’ve got a cell phone, I expect to be your favorite number.”

Okay, that’s not so bad, Stiles thinks. Then his dad continues. 

“I’m going to enable GPS tracking on it and you’re not going to disable it.”

“That’s like an ankle monitor!” Stiles protests. 

“Yep. And don’t think I didn’t look into one,” his dad affirms. “If I see that dot somewhere I don’t like or in your bedroom when I know you’re not up there, or moving too fast or traveling too far I’m confiscating the Jeep until you can pay me out for it and you will be under house arrest.”

“What?!”

“And,” his dad continues not missing a beat. “I’ll be having a talk with Derek Hale about his… affliction and what that entails. And why my son is involved.”

Stiles heart thuds. “Oh, you know you could talk to Scott? I mean Scott knows a lot now and-”

“I’m sorry, Stiles, you seem to be under the impression that I’m asking you.”

No one can glare like his dad, not even Derek. Stiles doesn’t know if it’s a cop thing or if his dad always had it. Derek’s glare looks hot, like fire and you get the feeling that something is coming, but it will burn out quick and you’ll be able to escape. His dad just looks cold and serious - like he’s contemplating all the many, many ways he can make your life miserable. Long, protracted and never-ending. “I get that you’re involved now and god knows I know you well enough to know that I couldn’t pull you out if I tried. Believe you me, military school was on my mind these last few days but as I said you’re almost eighteen and I don’t think they’d get to keep you long enough to drill some common sense into you.” He pauses and looks carefully at Stiles. “I don’t want to fight with you. I don’t want you to lie to me. I want you to be safe. You’re going to tell me what you’re involved with at all times. You don’t get to chose what I get involved with. Like I said, I’m the parent. You don’t keep me safe, I keep you safe.”

Hello old friends guilt and shame, coming back to replace the righteous indignation that bubbled up when he heard he was going to be tracked and at the threat of losing his beloved Jeep. His dad raises an eyebrow at him and Stiles nods, head hanging low. 

“You’re getting off so easy here that I’m almost tempted to put you in jail for a week to make up for it.”

Stiles huffs in laughter. He can tell by his dad’s tone that he’s not serious. Well, not totally. 

“I completely disagree with how you’ve been doing things, but -” his dad sighs, looks down at the table and he looks tired in that moment. Older. His face lined. When did his dad get older? Stiles thinks. His dad looks back up at Stiles. “I’m proud of the man you’re becoming.