said. "Even if it might not deserve it."

"Stiles," Isaac groaned.

"Shut up," Stiles told him. 

"Aw...bad breakup?" the vampire cocked his head again.

"No, my pack kicked me out."

"Whyever did they do that?" 

"They decided I was weak, that it was best for me. But they took everything I loved away and left me alone."

"But you're still faithful. They must be fools!" The vampire laughed, glancing at Isaac incredulously. Stiles looked at him too and winced. The werewolf's spine was currently knitting itself together, and it hurt like hell, if his face was anything to go by.

"To me, family is important- no matter what."

"See, I'm a loner." The vampire smiled.

"I can see why."

"I could turn you, human."

"Hm...let me think. How about no, vampire."

"Alright, the human/vampire thing is irking me. I am Jeremy."

"Jeremy the vampire." Stiles laughed slightly, but it came out a bit hollow. "I'm Stiles."

"An interesting name." The vampire stepped closer, reaching a hand out and touching Stiles' shoulder. "You seem lonely, Stiles, and so am I. How about we travel together? I can turn you-"

Stiles stuck the knife between it's ribs and twisted sharply, holding it in.

"I'm not really partial to the taste of blood myself," he hissed in it's ear, "and I'd rather keep my idiot friends alive, even though they've left me." Finally he wrenched the knife out and let the body drop with a thud. 

Over by the tree, Isaac whimpered again, and Stiles went to him, sitting by him.

"I-it hurts," Isaac grasped at his side, and Stiles could see his ribs healing under the skin.

"Sh...it's okay," he said, unable to keep from comforting the werewolf. He knew he would fully heal, but he was still in pain. 

"We- we were wrong, Stiles. I'm so sorry. I protested at first, but then it seemed to make sense..."

"And now?"

"I unders-understand. I'm so sorry." Isaac reached up and set a hand on Stiles' shoulder. "Thanks for saving me."

"It's alright Isaac. Thank you for trying."

"Stiles, please don't try again. I'll talk to Derek. That-" he was cut off with a groan of pain. "That vampire was going after you already. Derek will understand that you're less safe with-without us."

"Thank you, Isaac, but he doesn't want me."

"Isaac!" Derek burst through the trees, followed by Scott and Erica. Stiles jumped back and they stopped. 

"Stiles?" Derek asked. "What are you doing here?"

"Saving your fucking beta because you're just plain incompetent!" Stiles growled, angry at the sight of his 'pack'.

"Stiles-" Scott stepped forward.

"Save it, McCall," he snapped. "I'm done with you all. So done. Isaac, feel free to call if you need help or someone with actual brains."

He turned on his heel and left. No one bothered to follow.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Derek felt raw and torn apart, as if someone had pulled him open and thrown his emotions out. His betas had all come at different times but he'd turned them away.

When he'd seen Stiles, all these emotions had flooded through him. Anger, horror, worry, fear, and-

Love.

It had slammed into him and he'd been left breathless and without words, without any way to comfort Stiles. After Kate, he'd scoffed at love. It seemed like a traitorous thing. But now...now he knew he'd never loved her. Not like he loved Stiles.

He shuddered, hugging his knees to his chest as he sat on the floor of his room. They'd all been too shocked and too horrified to say a word, and now no one knew what to say. They needed to...well, he didn't know what they needed to do. Should they stay away and get the Sheriff to deal with it, or take Stiles back into the pack and risk his life?

He closed his eyes and clenched his fists. Stiles had snapped, hadn't he. Someone should have something. He was the alpha, he was supposed to take care of the pack- but he'd been mute, tongue useless in his shock. They all had.

Stiles had said he was done with them. But he still looked after Isaac...

Could they fix it? They had to; Derek had the feeling that Stiles was safer with them because he was safe from himself.
__

"Derek, we need to talk." The