time to fully crawl back to his pillows on his elbows and knees. If they were going to do this then he needed to get comfortable, he was never a sitter-upper when it came to masturbation. In the end Scott just shrugged and lifted his legs from the floor so he could kneel on the mattress, turning to his friend. “I guess. Things aren’t going to change just because I touched your dick, dude.”

Well, that’s that then.

They made themselves comfortable on the bed, Scott helping to undo Stiles’ jeans and pull them down his legs because he wasn’t going to need those for a while. He was nervous sure, and Scott knew it too after being with him for so long and knowing every sign of discomfort and anxiety. They took it slow, Scott listening to Stiles voice and locating the lube from the second draw along with a couple tissues for later, being gentle when it came to touching his mole dotted skin. He started off with simple stroking along Stiles’ thighs, learning rather quickly that they were a soft spot that took the teen’s breath away and spread his legs wider for Scott’s hands to roam free.

Scott was trying to think about his own masturbatory evenings, what he does in his private hours. He wasn’t one for taking it slow because his mum had no filter and could walk in at any moment, so he had to hurry and tug one out. Sometimes he would enjoy taking is time in the shower but then he felt guilty about the water bill. But knowing that the sheriff wasn’t going to come home for hours, he could take his time with making sure Sties was completely satisfied. The teen’s chest was already heaving from the soft pants and Scott thought that just simple petting wasn’t enough anymore, especially because his forearm kept brushing up against the tent in Stiles’ underwear. He surprised himself when he spoke, a little too husky that he could feel Stiles shiver. “You ready?”

“Do it.” Fuck, he was probably filling the room with his anticipation and arousal but he didn’t care right now because Scott was tugging his boxers down to get to his cock and they couldn’t go back from this now. He lifted his hips to assist and soon enough his underwear joined his jeans and Scott was laying down next to him, swallowing thickly as he sort of stared at his dick. It wasn’t the prettiest thing in the world, he knows, but at least he normally tries to tidy up down there. Not that he could do that at the moment because of his situation, so his pubes were like a small bush at the base of his aching cock, a vein throbbing on the underside and the tip leaking just a little. He wasn’t the biggest in the world, nowhere near but he likes to think it’s a little thicker than most kids his age.

Maybe Scott was jealous of something because he just kept looking at his dick, he doesn’t know if it’s flattering or unnerving but it was quick to end, the alpha snapping out of it and smiling apologetically before wrapping a hand around the base. Fuck, it was like a jolt of pleasure rode through him at a single touch, he didn’t know he was this sensitive after being untouched for just over a week. He would say he’d try it more often but he doesn’t have the will power.

Scott took his time to stroke up and down the shaft, finding out the way Stiles would respond when he squeezed here and there, rub his thumb against the tip and coat the digit in precum, pulling his foreskin back and forth over the head. Seems he was just curious about another cock that wasn’t his own, but Stiles was too preoccupied to mind at the moment, letting out a shaky moan when the tip was pinched lightly. “Scott.”

“Sorry, did that hurt?” He doesn’t even remember closing his eyes but he opened them to witness those puppy-like eyes again, worried he might have ruined the session or something. Like that’d ever happen; Stiles was the type of guy that could keep it up at the worst of times. It could be the end of the world and he would still have a stiffy.

“No, just. Mm, faster.” He rested back on the pillows and let his eyes slip closed once more, Scott starting up his pumping once more and god it was better than when he did it. How did Scott get so good at jacking off other people? Wasn’t it harder to do since it was at a different angle, on a different person? The way he gripped just tight enough to squeeze out the small leaks of precum from the tip was bringing Stiles’ groans to the surface, and no matter how many times he tried to bite his lip and stop them they just escaped. So he was a moaner in bed? He liked it loud, who cares. It wasn’t like people could hear him.

Scott watched