on. I could see something dragging my dead parents into the room. It wasn’t human, I can tell you that. It was hairless, with no eyes and no clothes. It walked like a caveman, its back slouched as it dragged my paremts. But this thing was much smarter than a caveman; this thing was aware of what it was doing.



“It took my dad first and propped him up on the edge of my bed, and made him face me. Then it sat my mother down in my desk chair, dragging it over and positioning her toward me as well. Then it started rubbing its hands upon the walls, drawing a symbol I have never seen again, never been able to find, to this day. It had made what it would probably call its masterpiece and to finish it off, it scribbled a message onto the wall that I couldn’t read in the darkness at the time.



“Then it dragged itself in under my bed, positioning itself, waiting to strike.



“That was three hours ago. The scariest thing now was that my eyes had adjusted to the darkness since then and that I could read the message. I didn’t want to because it was absolutely terrifying; but I felt that I had to, I needed to see, before I was killed.



“So I opened my eyes and peeked at the smeared letters by the creature’s masterpiece:



‘’I know you’re awake.’”


…How about no.

Stiles doesn’t have to look around to know that he’s not the only one with an expression of pure horror on his face as he looks at Derek.

“Dude, what the hell?” Stiles asks, because, really, he thought Derek had said something about Peter only becoming fucked up after the fire.

“Allison, is that a real thing?” Isaac whines, finally having given up all pretense of bravery in favor of clinging to Scott like a lifeline.

“And if it is, please hunt that instead?” Scott says, clinging back just as much. Allison’s got her hands in both of their hair and for the first time, even she seems affected. Lydia is wide eyed and- hell, even Danny seems a bit uncomfortable, squirming against Ethan’s (he- is he fucking sleeping? He is! He’s fallen asleep!) side.

Derek shrugs. “You guys wanted a story, I just told you the only one I know.”

“Danny,” Lydia says.

“Aye aye,” the other instantly replies, squirming away from the werewolf he’s attached to and making his way to the redhead, crawling under her covers instead. “That’s enough ghost stories for today.”

“It was enough before Stiles even started,” Scott wails, prompting Allison to lie down on his other side to comfort him. Ah, big bad alpha strikes again.

“Oh, come on, if you really didn’t want to listen, you could have left,” she says fondly as she hugs him.

As all the others become immersed in their own conversations, Stiles turns to Derek.

“Okay, spit it out. Was all of that true?” Stiles questions.

Derek raises an eyebrow. “Would I lie to you, Stiles? Of course it was. We were scared for weeks after. Cora and I kept sneaking into Laura’s bed, and all three of us would braid each other’s hair and cry about how we were too scared to howl and run freely under the moon now.”

Stiles is left gaping. Derek smirks.

“You!” Stiles says accusingly. “You sit on a throne of lies! I’m not talking to you anymore, I’m gonna sleep now on the count of you suck.”

That’s when Stiles notices how everyone’s fallen quiet around them. Apparently, in a matter of seconds, everyone save for Stiles and Derek somehow manages to fall half asleep. The problem with that is that no one seems to be sticking to just one mattress, everyone choosing instead to lie all over the fucking place.

“Uh,” Stiles says eloquently. Derek seems to understand what he means, judging by the roll of his eyes.

“I’m not a blushing 16th century maiden, Stiles,” he says before pushing a yelping Stiles off the couch.

“Man down, man down!”

“Ha ha,” Derek says and Stiles is impressed because he has never actually heard someone sound that unamused before.

Stiles grins, tugging a couple of pillows out from under Isaac’s arm.

“Okay then, manly man, get down here. Just remember if you wake up with a Stiles-shaped octopus in the middle of the night, you brought this upon yourself.”

“I’ll live,” Derek says, sounding bored, but there’s a small blush spreading high on his cheeks. Stiles isn’t even going to point out the irony.

Trying to make place is a bit hard since everyone’s already grabbed theirs, plus the fact that they are lying like fallen dominoes.

As they have to