t specifically seen Stilinski actively causing trouble, but he can definitely believe that it’s only a matter of time. She watches him carefully. “He makes some of the men uncomfortable, but Scott won’t stand for any of them starting nothing with him, and Boyd says it’s really only Daehler and sometimes Jackson what don’t like him anyway.”



Derek’s chest tightens. Laura knows all of his secrets, but Cora and Erica probably suspect, he supposes. “Well,” he says after a moment, “I never did mind much about anything like that.”



She nods satisfied, and then squeals in delight as Boyd wraps his arms around her from behind and kisses her cheek.



“Mind if I cut in?” he asks politely, smiling wider than Derek’s seen from him.



“She’s all yours,” Derek says with a grin, watching as Boyd pulls Erica into a fast jitterbug, moving her around himself with ease. About half of the couples have cleared the floor to get a drink or have a smoke, leaving space for the more ambitious among them to cut a rug. Derek settles himself onto a bench and watches, the smell of the roses thick in the rapidly warming room.



Boyd and Erica are riveting on the floor, both clearly gifted athletes with great natural talent, and space moves around them as they move through steps and lifts, but Stilinski and Lydia Martin turn out to be maybe just one hair better. They move like twins, anticipating each other’s motions, Lydia’s flame-red hair flying crazily in the air around them as Stilinski swings her up and down, and over his shoulders, slinging her to the floor only to flip backward over her while she kicks madly at the air.



It’s astounding, Derek’s only seen things like it in the elite clubs in New York that Kate had dragged him to, and he stands at the end, shouting and applauding and stamping his feet with the rest of the crowd when the song finishes. Lydia and Erica are laughing, then embracing, while Boyd pulls out a hankie and mops his face, and Stiles…



Derek can’t take his eyes off Stiles. The color is high in his cheeks, the freckles that dot his face standing out against his fair skin, his eyes shining in the light, his chest rising and falling hard with his breathing. They lock eyes suddenly, and Stiles lifts his chin, just so, in challenge, his lips curving as he draws in breath. It’s more than Derek can stand; it makes him want, desperately and with an urgency he’s never felt before. He wants to dance with Stiles, wants to feel Stiles’ body moving against his own in a fast tempo, wants to see the lights reflecting in his warm dark eyes, wants to hear him laugh as Derek takes him in his arms.



It’s too much, it’s too much.



He stands abruptly, grabs his coat and hat off the bench, and walks out the door..



--



“You left in a hurry.”



Footsteps behind him, and of course, Derek thinks, of course. Because if there’s one thing he’s learned about Stiles Stilinski in the last two days, it’s that he can’t just leave well enough alone.



“Surprised you noticed,” he offers tersely. “Seemed like you and Miss Martin were pretty well occupied.” The words are out before he can stop them, and he shoves a cigarette into his mouth to shut himself up, lighting it defiantly with an eyebrow raised as Stiles watches him with a slow smile.



“Jealous much?” Stiles saunters closer until he’s right in front of Derek. The expression on his face is unreadable, and Derek looks away. “I wouldn’t have pegged you for the redheaded type, not after the way you danced with Erica.”



Derek snorts in amusement at the thought. “You think I’m stupid enough to make a pass at Boyd’s girl? What kind of no-account fool do you take me for?” He shakes out his match and drops it to the ground, toeing it into the dirt with his shoe. “I’ve known Erica for years; she’s a friend of my younger sister.”



Stiles’ eyes go wide, then narrow, his mouth hanging open around the cigarette he’d produced from his own jacket pocket, his breath steaming in the light of the dance hall windows. Is you is or is you ain’t my baby, Billie sings, the strands of the melody echoing into the darkness over the raucous laughter inside.



“Your younger sister… Cora Hale. Right? And that means…” Stiles’ eyes go wide, and he throws his head back to laugh, his neck long and lean and pale in the dim light. “Oh my God, Laura Hale, the terror of the WAC, she’s…”



“My older sister, yes, and I’ll thank you not to call her a terror.” Derek scowls at Stiles as he wipes tears from