with the opossum, and Stiles didn’t want to think about the clean up. It was worse this time, knowing exactly how the Alphas did their carvings first hand. 

Stiles couldn’t help running his fingertips along the message they’d left on him through his shirt. Did Scott get a message like that? Shit. He needed to make sure, or get Derek to tell him where the alpha pack was because Stiles needed to keep his best friend safe. His human self didn’t allow much but at least he could spy on them without them noticing because of his scent or whatever. 

Derek shoved the phone back into Jackson’s hand like one would a dirty diaper they didn’t know what to do with and said, “This is why you need to join me.” 

Jackson let out an angry huff and slipped his phone into his pants pocket, clearly frustrated with Derek’s answer. Stiles had been dealing with Derek’s cryptic non-answers from the beginning, and Scott more than him, so he really didn’t have much sympathy for Jackson. 

“I think you need to tell me why there was a dead whatever on the steps to my front door before I even consider doing that.” 

Derek snorted and Stiles wanted to roll his eyes. The whole problem could be solved if Derek would just tell Jackson that the Alpha Pack left it. Or, hey, he could have Stiles say it and it would be the complete truth but Jackson wouldn’t believe it because it came out of his mouth. 

“If you join my pack you will be protected from it.”

“I can protect myself just fine, remember? I just need to know who left this, and even better, why. And Google isn’t much help at answering why there’s a dead animal on my steps.”  

Yeah, Stiles totally agreed with that last statement. He had tried that too, and he would probably never try it again. He was pretty sure a cat was not the source of their problems, no matter how much google tried to tell him it was. A big dog, maybe, but Derek wasn’t partial to dog jokes. 

“No,” Derek said firmly. “You need to join my pack and we will both be strong enough to protect ourselves. Right now you aren’t.” 

Right now Derek wasn’t either, but maybe only Stiles and Peter knew that. 

“Tell me that again, tough guy,” Jackson snarled, his claws lengthening as he spoke. 

Stiles took a step back, startled. Scott had had good control lately and it was weird seeing someone so out of control again. But Jackson wasn’t his best friend. If anything, talking would probably egg him on instead of act as a small voice of reason like it did Scott. 

“You aren’t strong enough to protect yourself, Jackson,” Derek said firmly and Jackson lunged at him. Derek easily side stepped him and grabbed a wrist with his very human hand as Jackson hurdled forward. “You can’t even keep yourself in control.” 

He dropped Jackson’s hand like it wasn’t worth his time, like Jackson wasn’t worth his time, and watched Jackson pull himself up. His claws had retracted but his eyes were still firmly that eerie werewolf blue that Derek’s used to be. 

Stiles had edged himself more and more towards the house during their fight, annoyed with Derek and Jackson, and scared for Scott because all he could picture was a dead animal on his doorstep. Melissa McCall didn’t deserve that, and neither did Scott really. He had too much heart to deserve anything like that. 

He was nearly to the door when Derek turned his back on Jackson, done with the conversation and the fight. Done with Jackson. That was a big enough no-no in video games that Stiles would’ve called out Derek’s mistake before Jackson even thought to move, but his voice caught in his throat, and Jackson got a claw into Derek’s shoulder before he was able to fully react. 

In the time it took for Stiles to blink, Derek had twisted and thrown Jackson over his shoulder fully transformed. The shock of the hit made Jackson’s body rear up off the ground and into one of Derek’s claws.  Derek was going all out. 

He wasn’t a very big fan of Jackson, but that didn’t mean he wanted bad things to happen to him. Well. That didn’t mean he wanted bad things to happen to him all the time, because let’s be honest. Stiles had entertained the occasional thought of Jackson in pain and/or suffering. But he had a lifetime of good karma to build up in the hopes that he’d get to be alive again, and saving Jackson should get him at least a couple points of good will in that aspect.

Stiles’ body moved before he told it to, throwing itself into Derek to knock him at least somewhat off of Jackson’s body. He’s pretty sure that if he had time to think