the other kids at the school, how much she missed New York, let her blather on about what colors she wanted to do her hair next and what she wanted to get pierced when she turned eighteen. She did manage to find out that he played lacrosse when she saw him at practice after school one day, and she found out that Isaac's not-a-boyfriend was named 
Derek
 but she had no idea who the guy was beyond that. No matter how she watched him, she'd never seen this other guy. He had to be older – not in high school. If he was, she would have seen him. It wasn't that important, not really, but she was curious, and it wasn't like she had anything better to do.



 Isaac didn't seem to begrudge her company. He didn't always seem 
happy
 about it, but from what she could tell, he was rarely happy in any case. She managed to make him laugh a few times, and she brought him some better cigarettes, and she counted that as a win. She told her mother she'd made a friend, though she hadn't invited Isaac over to her house for dinner yet. She wasn't sure he was up for that sort of thing.


Then one day Isaac came to school looking like he'd been beaten half to death. He was covered in bruises, there was a cut just above his right eye, and his arm was in a cast. He didn't sit with her at lunch that day; he wouldn't even speak to her. He stank of fear.


 Kira didn't like using her senses. Her mother had tried to teach her the ways of the kitsune, of her heritage and their people. Kira didn't want it. She didn't want to be a freak. Even if she dyed her hair and pierced her eyebrows she still wanted friends, wanted people to like her. She wanted to be 
human
. She refused to continue her lessons with her mother, closed off her senses. She didn't even know what type of kitsune she was, because she hadn't let herself find out.


Her mother insisted they were here in Beacon Hills because there was a strong pull to the supernatural, something that hadn't been there before, and her mother wanted to know what it was. Kira didn't care, she just wanted to go back to New York where everything was infinitely easier. She couldn't pick out scents among the myriad of smells, she couldn't hear things over the sounds of the city. But here it was quiet and empty, and she could only push her nature back so far.

Isaac wouldn't talk to her, so she watched. She watched him go to lacrosse practice, followed him home on his bike. Maybe it was a bit stalkerish, but she needed to know. She found a good spot to watch from the empty yard of the house across the street, which was apparently vacant and up for sale. She watched until Isaac's father came home, stinking of alcohol, and then she saw just why Isaac was so afraid.

Before she knew it she was on her feet and starting to run towards the house, ready to stop Isaac's father from hurting him, but she was jerked back by a strong grip on her arm. Too strong – the hand pulled her back and away easily, and she fell to the ground, staring up at burning red eyes.

Werewolf.

She snarled, she couldn't help it. She knew her own eyes glowed. “Who are you?”

The man with the burning eyes crouched, and she could vaguely make out black hair and a week's worth of stubble. He was wearing a leather jacket – the same kind as Isaac's. “You know who I am.”


Jesus
, this guy was creepy. “Derek.”


“That's right.”

“Isaac's not a werewolf.”

“No. He has enough to deal with already.”


 “Why aren't you doing something? You're an Alpha – you consider him part of your pack, right? If you're 
brothers,
 why aren't you stopping him?!”


“I can't. Do you know what happens when we involve ourselves in the affairs of humans? We die. If I kill Isaac's father, he'll end up in foster care, and who knows where they'll send him, who'll hurt him then? Besides. He doesn't want me to help.”


 “This is stupid.” Trust a werewolf to mess everything up. “You're definitely 
not
 his boyfriend.”


Derek looked completely confused by that statement, but Kira ignored him, pulling out her phone instead. A quick search gave her the emergency line to the local sheriff's station. When the line picked up she said,

“Yes, I need to report a domestic disturbance. 1173 Spring Street – the Lahey house. Mr. Lahey is beating the