physical evidence of how much he liked--didn’t like--what Stiles was doing. But more afraid of the thought running through his head--that if he just leaned his head back, Stiles’ dick would be right fucking there. 

Scott went, the other girl went, Danny went, and so on, but Jackson couldn’t focus. He hadn’t taken a shot in three turns and it wasn’t because he hadn’t done what was said--he just. Couldn’t focus. Couldn’t remember words as soon as they were said and couldn’t put enough of his brain together to understand them. His entire focus was on the pressure against his neck, how fuzzy it made him feel. It wasn’t a cuff of heat anymore--they’d been touching long enough that the heat equaled out--but Stiles never left it in one position for long, constantly shifting, constantly rubbing, constantly introducing more pressure, more pain in different ways before moving it again. 

He blinked and he realized the game had petered out. Scott and one of the girls were making out next to them, Danny was grinning goofily at his boy, and Jackson’s cheek was pressed hard against Stiles’ knee, the seam of his jeans probably leaving a mark on his skin. 

Stiles’ fingers squeezed twice and then pulled off completely, and Jackson felt lost, confused. He didn’t think he’d done anything wrong. 

“This asshole needs some water,” Stiles said, his voice with a weird lilt that gave away just how drunk he was off the few shots he’d taken. 

Jackson didn’t understand he was the asshole until Stiles grabbed Jackson’s wrist and jerked him up. He opened his mouth, a number of retorts about manhandling, about who the real asshole was, about how he wasn’t that drunk, but he didn’t want to. He felt good, focused under Stiles’ hand and gaze. 

He was vaguely aware of knocking over his beer, of the girl next to him grabbing it before it made too much of a mess.

Jackson didn’t get what was happening, why he was feeling like he did, but he didn’t know why he shouldn’t either beyond some small feeling in his gut that was slowly losing its say the further Stiles pulled him along. 

They passed the kitchen and Stiles didn’t look once at it, instead pulling him through the foyer and upstairs. They passed a few doors before Stiles pulled up next to the second to last one. He leaned Jackson on the wall just to the side of the door, and Jackson went willingly. Jackson felt some sort of warmth swell in his stomach when Stiles didn’t pull his hand off Jackson’s wrist when he opened the door. Stiles said something, and a minute later a few freshman ran out of the room. 

The started moving again. Stiles locked the door as soon as they were in the room and practically frogmarched Jackson to the bed because his legs stopped feeling like they could work. He pushed Jackson lightly to make him sit on the edge of the bed and moved his hands up to Jackson’s shoulders. And for the first time that night, he really looked at Jackson. 

His eyes were blown wide glossy, and in the dim light from one of the lamps on the bedside, Jackson could make out a thin line of brown around his pupils. Jackson felt trapped underneath them, but not bad. It was almost like he wanted to be there, and for a moment the little niggling his gut telling him this shouldn’t be happening flared up, but it felt too good sitting there, felt like that was where he was supposed to be. 

“Do you think you deserve this, Jackson?” Stiles said, and even while drunk his voice had a tone in it that made Jackson want to listen. 

Jackson nodded his head. Without a doubt he knew he deserved it, whatever it was. 

Stiles shook his head, removed his hands from Jackson’s shoulders, and fuck. What did Jackson do wrong? 

“Please I--” Jackson said, desperate to explain himself and he didn’t know why. He just wanted Stiles to come back, to stop looking so disappointed. 

“Why do you deserve this?” 

“I...I didn’t move away from you downstairs. The game.” 

Stiles moved his hands to his belt, and Jackson didn’t like the way he felt when Stiles turned his eyes away from him. 

“But you’ve ignored me since the last lacrosse game, Jackson.”

Jackson’s stomach dropped, and swooped when Stiles finished unbuckling his belt, pushed his jeans halfway down his thighs to reveal his cock, hard and flushed in front of Jackson’s face. Stiles reached for Jackson’s face, and Jackson leaned into, letting Stiles part his lips with his thumb. 

“I..” Stiles said breathlessly, then stopped, swallowed. “I think you need to make it up to me.” 

“Yeah, I do,” Jackson said around Stiles