she can’t maintain it; he doesn’t know why and they aren’t close enough for him to care, not really; and she falls back into her old habits- a bad boy here, a self-doubt there, and he hates it, watching her waste herself as a prop in someone else’s drama.

Graduation finally comes, and she skips it,  leaves without a word to anyone, packs her stylish monogrammed luggage and heads east to MIT. Full ride and starting summer semester, according to the Sheriff, and Derek smiles to himself as he gets her address. He sends her flowers, a large bunch of poppies, beautifully colored and also deadly. He has the floral clerk sign the tag “Good job”, and leaves it at that.

The first text comes a couple weeks later, a question about the accuracy of a historical footnote in a 15th century French manuscript on “monsters of the night”. He replies, and hears nothing till the next question several weeks later.

He can’t remember exactly when she starts staying at his place on the occasions that she deigns to come home on breaks; he knows something went funny with her Dad’s new wife, and so he doesn’t say anything when his two guest bathrooms sprout matching towel sets and a makeup mirror. Somehow she runs into or tracks down Laura, which is terrifying to Derek on some deep-seated instinctive level, and they become best friends. The photo of Lydia holding his hours-old nephew gets printed off and framed, then hides in his dresser drawer until it turns up on the mantelpiece with several others he hasn’t seen after the next spring break.

 

He’s never been sure why he chose her, but he’s also never truly regretted it. He felt bad about it, for a good long while, but that’s a different thing than actual regret. Laura says, after she meets Erica, that his wolf just knew, and he thinks maybe there’s something to it- Erica is the most instinctive wolf he’s ever met, and maybe somehow he had sensed that.

He hopes so, because otherwise it was just fumbling in the dark, like so much he did back then, and he’d really like better for her.

Regardless, she takes to being a wolf like a fish to water. She shifts more easily than the boys, runs faster than the boys, fights more viciously than the boys, and has absolutely zero mental hang ups about it all. It makes sense, he supposes- if you’ve spent your whole human life being repeatedly betrayed by your body, then transforming it completely is probably just the gift that keeps on giving.

She tells her parents about the wolf when she and Boyd come back; she says she doesn’t want him to come, but he lurks outside just in case. In case of what, he can’t really say; it’s not like he can go in and beat them up if they don’t take it well, but, he’s there. Just in case.

They’re shocked, of course, but once they figure out what it is for her, what it really means for her, her mother starts weeping tears of joy while her father insists to know who is responsible for this miracle. Derek slinks off at that point, unable to tell if he’s more glad that it went well or more weirded out by someone actually being happy about what he is.

Erica goes to cosmetology school because she thinks it’s fun, but makes a killing prolifically writing romance novels on the side. She and Boyd get married at 20, and he gets a BA in Accounting with a minor in Publishing so that he can be her agent. The Reyes family has practically adopted Derek at that point; he joins them for Sunday dinner every other week and lets her dad feed him while her mom hands him a beer. Erica’s two younger sisters want to become wolves, too, but he’s told them he won’t consider it until they’re twenty one. Hypocritical, he knows, but the thought of three Ericas in wolf form is enough to strike fear into the heart of any of them.

He ends up godfather to their two girls and boy, and no, he can’t bring himself to regret a thing.

 

He really doesn’t recognize Cora when he sees her; and really, how could he? The face he’d known had still been a child’s, and since he’d thought she was dead, he’d had absolutely no reason to expect to ever see an older version of it. It’s her voice that gives her away, though- he’d know her voice anywhere.

It’s hard. Cora and he had never been that close- the age gap between them was just big enough, and he and Laura were forever locked in their struggle for dominance. Cora’d been closer to Arthur, who was only two years younger than she was, and to their parents