that Stiles’ first time would be awkward and full of tiny hitches. Classic Stiles. But after all of those, nothing could stop them from going at it like, of course, horny teenagers. Stiles had abandoned his grip on his pillow; instead his nails were digging into Scott’s thick arms while his friend was thrusting madly against his slim hips. Forget trying to hide his moans, his throat was beginning to get raw from being so loud. If he knew what he was missing, he would have asked someone to fuck him sooner.

“Fucking hell, Stiles.”  Scott couldn’t remember the last time he was this breathless in sex, he could never go all out with Allison without her complaining about him being rough, and Kira always wanted gentle sex. With Stiles, he could grab him and squeeze him, mess him up and hear him cry out in pleasure. In fact, Stiles begged him for it, to go harder, fuck him faster, give him more. “Gonna cum soon, want it inside?”

Stiles scoffed between groans; winding his fingers through Scott’s hair tugging, cock throbbing at the soft growl that rumbled in the wolf’s throat. He’s always wanted to know what it would feel like to be come inside of. “Do you even have to ask? Fill me up, Scotty.”

He didn’t miss the way Scott’s eyes flashed red, and he definitely didn’t miss the way his thighs were grabbed, practically being impaled on the alpha’s cock over and over. He didn’t have to touch his cock at all, just let the pleasurable feeling of being pounded take control. His prostate was being thoroughly messed up and he loved every moment of it, but he knew he would be getting a lot of bruises from the alphas tight grip. “Fill me deep. Fucking – Ah god!”

Scott grunted and buried his cock inside, grinding his hips flush against Stiles’ as he came inside his best friend, letting the desperate gripping of his hole milk his cock for everything it was worth. Stiles’ legs clung around Scott’s hips, hooking his ankles together so the alpha was stuck to finish cumming inside. It felt strange, nothing like his experiments before like squirting water inside. No, this was hot and he felt so filthy, but he couldn’t stop moaning. “That’s it, mm. Feels good. Ah, ah? Ow, Scott! What the fuck?”

It was like Scott’ cock was getting bigger, stretching his hole wide. It hurt, he wasn’t prepared for it. He thought for a moment that his friend’s cock was just throbbing but he was wrong, it was growing at the base of his cock and Stiles fucking knew what that meant. Holy shit. “Holy shit, Scott. Is that a knot?”

“I’m so sorry Stiles. I thought, I thought it wouldn’t do that because you’re not my lover.” Scott’s face was filled with shame, flushed red with embarrassment. Still, his knot was still growing and Stiles had to sympathy for it right now.

“Scott, you should have told me that you had a fucking knot! That should have been in the ‘notify Stiles before sex’ list!” Stiles hisses in pain and smacked Scott’s head when the wolf tried to wriggle to pull his cock out. “Stop fucking moving, it hurts!”

“I have to pull it out!”

“No! Just… Just let it go down. You’re going to tear me if you try to take it out. Has this happened before?” Stiles unhooked his legs and let them fall onto the bed, huffing very unamused. Scott hesitated and turned his head away, face guilty.

“I’ve only done it with Allison once. Obviously you know why it was only once. It took I think, half an hour? Could have been a little less – Ah.” Scott couldn’t talk now with his face scrunching up because the knot had stopped growing and he began cumming again; thick rivers filling Stiles up once more. Stiles had to hold his breath a moment, eyes rolling back into his head. He was going to be stuck to Scott for half an hour or less, being filled up just like he wanted, like he needed.

“Ohmigod, Scott.” Stiles buried his face in the crook of his friend’s neck, panting hotly over the flushed skin there. His hands grabbed at anything he could reach, finding purchase on Scott’s back and clinging, digging his nails in. He hadn’t cum yet but having his prostate coated with the alpha’s sperm was like having an orgasm again and again. Scott couldn’t hold himself up anymore; lying flat on top of Stiles muffled an apology against the other teen’s shoulder. Stiles winced a little but let out a breath, he didn’t want to move his lower half just in case pain flared up again.

So they lay there together, Scott basking in