that!” Scott's voice is tight with anger, but also desperation, and for all that Stiles loves Scott like a brother, he knows better than to get in the middle of a McCall family fight.



“Scott, it is for your own good. You can't stay here, not now, it's not safe! You 
know
 that!” Melissa's tone is upset, but firm. She's not giving ground on this one, and Stiles breathes a sigh of relief. She's right, Scott can't stay here. Not anymore.



They don't hear him as he pushes through the door to Melissa's room, and creeps over to the bed. Derek's eyes are closed, his breathing slow, but Stiles can tell he's not asleep. He settles himself on the side of the mattress, pushing his hip up against Derek's side, and lets his hand reach out to push a piece of hair off Derek's forehead. Already he looks much better, his breathing no longer labored, his face no longer pale. The relief Stiles feels about this surprises him in its intensity; Derek had started as a handsome and dangerous unknown, but he's turned into a friend, a companion, and the thought of something happening to him, the thought that Stiles might lose him, too, had affected him a lot more than he had realized in the moment.



He doesn't realize his hand is shaking until Derek reaches up, eyes still closed, and captures it from where it's hovering over Derek's face. Stiles thinks Derek's going to open his eyes, say something, but he just brings Stiles' hand down to press onto his warm chest, letting him feel the strength of his steady heartbeat in silent reassurance.



“Feeling better?”



Stiles isn't sure why he's whispering, especially with the shouting down the hall, but the dimly filtering light of day has passed over to the neon-lit glowing darkness of night, so maybe it's just that that's what one does in the dark.



Derek grins, drops his fangs. “Never better.”



Stiles smiles back and whacks him on the chest. “Liar. Melissa said it'll take you at least a day to be back to normal. But.” He lets his hand settle back where Derek had placed it. “I'm glad.”



Derek searches his face with those strange, pale eyes, and nods, then turns his attention down the hall.



“What are they fighting about?”



Stiles sighs. “I think Melissa is going to send Scott to stay with us.”



“As a groundie?” Derek frowns. “Why? Surely it's better for him to stay here, and avoid being in public? Especially til he learns control of his mutation.”



“You'd think.” Stiles nods ruefully. “Except for the part where the family she works for is one of the foremost families in the Hunter Party. You've heard of Senator Argent?”



Stiles can feel every muscle in Derek's body tighten beneath his hand, and Derek's eyes flash red as he tries to sit up.



“Hey, hey! It's ok, stay down, you're safe, just...” Stiles presses down hard, and it's a testament to how weak Derek still is that it makes any difference at all to keeping him down. “Chill the fuck out. Melissa's family has worked for their family for a long time, Scott grew up with their daughter. They don't know anything, not yet.”



Derek relaxes infinitesimally, and Stiles lets up on the pressure he's applying to Derek's chest. “But you can see why it's not safe for him to stay here now.” He raises his eyebrows at Derek, and Derek nods sharply. “Yeah. So. It's the same reason I always refused to come live with her. I didn't want to put them at risk. But now Scott...”



Derek heaves a deep breath, and raises up onto his elbows. “She wants me to teach him to control his mutation.” It's a statement, not a question, and Derek's doing the thing with his eyebrows, where they seem like independent entities on his face, capable of expressing their own judgment.



“Yeah. He'll stay with us, until we figure out something better, and you'll have to teach him how to deal with it.” Stiles tries not to think about what it will be like. Having three of them exponentially increases their likelihood of getting caught, and especially with Scott not being used to life as a Groundie, as a mutant, always running and hiding. It's going to be hard, and if it weren't completely necessary, Stiles would be running the other direction as fast as his skinny legs could carry him. But there's clearly no choice, so he'll just have to make it work. “Can you?”



Derek