hand to shake on it. “But only if it’s coffee your mom made.”

Scott shook his hand without hesitation, laughing as Stiles's expression broke from his blue steel impression into a grin. “You just have a thing for my mom’s coffee.”

“Guilty,” Stiles replied. “But can you blame me? She’s the reincarnation of the Aztec coffee god or something.”

“I’m pretty sure the Aztecs didn’t worship a coffee god, Stiles.”

Stiles hums into his coffee and takes another sip. “But if they did, it would have been your mom.”

Scott made a disgusted face. “I’m going to get back to showing you that Derek does go on normal dates before you start making ‘Your Mom’ jokes.”

“I would never,” Stiles said, his face contorting into an overblown expression of horror and hurt. “Your mother is so saintly, even the angels worship her.”

“Moving on,” Scott said quickly, covering up anything further Stiles could say in that vein of thought. “What about that time he asked you out to coffee?”

“That was not a date. That was a stakeout.”

“A stakeout.” Scott’s expression clearly said he didn’t believe it.

“A stakeout, yes.”

“Followed by a romantic drive around the city?”

“Followed by tailing a certain silver Porsche around the city.”

Scott nearly did a spit-take. “You were stalking Jackson? Your first date with Derek was stalking Jackson?”

Stiles glared ineffectively as Scott laughed into his coffee. “I told you, that wasn’t a date.”

Scott looked over at Stiles, his shoulders still shaking and a smile in his voice. “You know that it was.”

“It was not. After the warehouse, even Derek knew it was a bad idea to follow Jackson alone in case something happened and he went lizard again. I just happened to be the only one available at the time, because you and Allison were on a date, Erica had a doctor’s appointment to follow up on her seizure, Boyd had to take care of his sisters, Isaac was failing chemistry and needed to do his homework, and Peter. Well, you know why he couldn’t take Peter.”

Scott winced slightly. Stiles sympathized. Saying that the showdown with Peter 2.0 had been bad was a massive understatement. Stiles still had scars on his shoulder from where Peter had grabbed him before trying to rip his throat out. With his teeth. The experience had ruined him for all jokes about werewolves and their teeth. Which was too bad, because they were really good jokes.

“Okay,” Scott said cautiously. “Maybe that wasn’t a date. But what about the time you guys did dinner and a movie? That went well.”

“Yeah,” Stiles drawled sarcastically, giving Scott the side-eye. “You should know that because you were there. Along with Allison. And Erica. And Boyd. And Isaac. And even Lydia and Jackson. Funny how a date turns into a not-date when the entire pack just happens to show up.”

Scott had the decency to look a little bit guilty. “But you did dinner and a movie again later, didn’t you? We didn’t show up that time.”

“You didn’t show up because I specifically picked a movie I knew you didn’t want to see. But we never made it to the movie because we were approached at dinner by another pack that wanted to make an alliance.”

“Wait, that’s when the Renning pack approached you? I thought it was weird that Derek said he’d already met them when they showed up while the pack was training the next day.”

Stiles rolled his eyes. “When exactly did you think he met them? No werewolf pack is stupid enough to approach an alpha in his den, and Derek doesn’t exactly go out much.”

“He follows us around all the time,” Scott pointed out.

“And you think that would be a good time to approach him about a treaty?”

Scott shrugged. “No, but I wouldn’t think approaching him while he’s on a date would be a particularly good idea either.”

“Touche. But to be fair, I don’t think they realized I knew about werewolves. I’m pretty sure they thought they were going to approach him and make it look like some sort of professional business discussion.”

Scott snorted. “Because Derek is a business consultant in his leather jackets and burned out house.” Stiles laughed a little at that, because even if he weren’t in the pack, he’d never believe Derek was involved in business. Motorcycles or the mafia, maybe, but not business.

“So what about that time he took you out to lunch last semester? I remember you were gone because Erica got into a fight when someone tried to hit on Boyd. We seriously missed having you there.”

“Yeah, the lunch that started with us in line in front of my