help the wound heal, and leave a scar. Derek's healing would eventually clear even the scar up, but it would last longer with the salve.

“Get some sleep, I'm making dinner.”

Derek nodded, already most of the way asleep. He gripped Kukan's hand as the kitsune went to leave, and whispered, “I love you.”

Kukan smirked. “I know.”

Part 2 

Derek hadn't gone with Kukan out of a desire for revenge, he'd gone out of love. Friendship. Pack. He wasn't good with words, but he watched, and observed, and what he observed was that his pack was woefully outmatched. Kira's mother was grasping at straws, uselessly trying the same tactic over and over again with no results. Trapped within Stiles' body, the Nogitsune had fed off Stiles' spark and grew stronger, feeding off the power of the Nemeton through the conduit that was Stiles. It manipulated everything; there was no hope of winning.

Not unless someone made a sacrifice.

And who better, really, to sacrifice themself for pack than Derek? He'd already lost everything: his family, the Hale Alpha power, his sister when she abandoned him for her pack in South America. Even Scott's pack barely tolerated him, including him as part of the pack mostly by the fact that Derek kept showing up and refused to go away. Scott was starting to come around, starting to ask Derek for advice, but he was a teenager. He was scared, he had a power he didn't understand, and Derek, who'd been an Alpha on stolen power, could only explain so much.

But there was something he could do for his pack. When the Nogitsune split itself apart from Stiles, taking Lydia with it, Derek knew where it must have gone. The others were arguing amongst themselves, wasting time, and no one was paying attention to him, so he slipped away to where the Nogitsune was waiting.

“You know Derek, I wasn't expecting you,” it purred, not at all afraid of him.

“Take me,” he blurted out, before he even knew what he was saying.

The Nogitsune cocked Stiles' head sideways and parroted back, “Take me? What ever do you mean?”

“You want pain? Chaos? Take me. Take me, and go. Leave my pack alone.”

Lydia was watching from behind the bars with wide, terrified eyes, and he set his jaw. He would protect his pack. He could do this. They were all children, like he had been, only he hadn't had anyone to save him. But he could keep them from feeling his despair.

“Now Derek, why would I do that when I have an entire city to play with?”

“Because you could lose,” he said bluntly. The Nogitsune's face twisted into a snarl of rage, and he continued with, “you know you could lose. You're planning on what to do when you're backed into a corner, when they come to kill you. That's why you took Lydia.”

The Nogitsune's look turned feral, but also interested. “You're a good deal more clever than I'd thought.”

“Change the game. Don't wait here to be cornered. Take me, use me. I've felt pain, felt despair. You've felt it. I'm never going to be happy. So take it, take me. Just leave them alone.”

The Nogitsune was close to him now, close enough to reach out and grip Derek's jaw in clawed hands, yank him down so they could look eye to eye. “I won't let Noshiko go. She summoned me, and then trapped me. She is my prey.”

“She's expecting a fox. Use a wolf, instead,” Derek whispered, so Lydia couldn't overhear.

The Nogitsune's eyes swiveled to look at Lydia, and then back to Derek. “It's not a terrible plan. But you'll need more power if you're going to kill her. And with Stiles' memories, I know just where to get it.”

It snapped Stiles' fingers, and the chains fell off the barred doors of Oak Creek. Then it grabbed Derek by the shoulders, claws sinking in, and pressed it's dripping maw to his lips. They vanished.

Derek stumbled when they landed, disoriented and dizzy, his wolf senses reeling, the foul taste of demon in his mouth. “Wha--where are we?”

“You said you wanted to be of use to me. So you're going to prove it.”

“But -” he stopped, and took a deep breath. The scent here was familiar. Deucalion. Stiles had been keeping tabs on the other Alpha, and the Nogitsune had Stiles' memories.

“You want me to kill him.”

“I want you to kill a lot of people for me, Derek. This