apology. "That might be it."

Laura clears her throat, collapses back on the sofa, but Stiles can hear her trying to laugh silently. It doesn't help, doesn't help at all.

"Well," Deaton says, "sex, love, powerful emotions like that, powerful experiences, are definitely significant when it comes to magic."

Please, Stiles thinks, let me die a quick death. 

"I was confused because from what you've described, and from the display I saw in Stiles's bedroom"—Deaton's voice is all business again—"the focus items were displaying an inordinate amount of power. Especially with Stiles, who's never shown an aptitude for natural power before this."

"So…"

"So, the… the change makes it less confusing," Deaton says. "I can't say for certain until Stiles comes to see me—"

"I'm coming back for a couple of weeks during the summer," Stiles interrupts.

"Of course," Deaton says, and Stiles imagines he's nodding. "I can't say for certain, but maybe the uniqueness of this… situation isn't because of the focus items themselves, but because of Stiles."

"So…" Laura clears her throat, leans her chin on the back of the sofa again. "So Stiles is magic?"

"He's more susceptible to magic than I originally believed, but that's not to say that he is a witch, or magic himself, just merely… more susceptible," Deaton says after a pause. "But for all I know I'm wrong, and those wolves were simply the focus items of an incredibly powerful practitioner."

"Huh," Stiles says. He's really not sure how he feels about that. Or how he feels about his apparent magic being a dickhead and never showing itself until now, when he's out of high school and is too busy to actually have fun with it.

"I really don't know if this incredibly awkward," Laura says, "or incredibly fucking hilarious."

"The former," Derek mutters.

"So what made me buy the wolves?" Stiles asks, because as much as Deaton is explaining, he still is just… confused.

"Magic has a way of finding things," Deaton says, "that will give it a purpose."

Wow, that's not at all vague and unhelpful.

"And," Stiles says, "they'll just keep doing things until they run out of juice? And I'll keep getting affected?"

"The pain you've been feeling is common to novice practitioners and people who are not used to experiencing supernatural events," Deaton says. "Your body is simply not used to the excess energy. It will get better and less painful."

"There's just…" Derek rubs at his temples with his pointer finger and thumb. "There's no way to just get rid of them?"

"No," Deaton says. "You can touch them, of course, maybe move them to a more secure location, when you're ready, but if they sense that you have ill intent they will… defend themselves."

"Cool," Stiles says. Mortification aside, everything else aside, the idea he might be something not quite human, that he might be… useful when it comes to the supernatural, is just really fricken' cool.

… The rest of it sucks, but the idea itself is cool.

"Mom is gonna get a kick out of this," Laura says.

"No!" Derek and Stiles yell at the same time.

"Really, Laura," Deaton says. "It's unnecessary. I'll tell her that there's nothing to worry about, but some things really are better left private."

"We're werewolves," Laura says. "Nothing is private. You're not staying here, Deaton, everything smells like—"

"—even so," Deaton interrupts, clearing his throat.

"Yeah, Laura," Derek sounds like a five-year-old. "Even so."

"If there are any more updates," Deaton says, and he sounds like he's smiling, "make sure to tell me."

Then he hangs up.

"We should've just gone to him in the first place," Stiles says, when, after about a minute or two of silence, Laura turns back to the TV.

"We're both idiots," Derek agrees, then lowers his voice. "Also, sorry about, uh… that."

Stiles looks at him, and just like every other time he's attempted to look at Derek since the kiss five hours ago, he finds himself getting caught up in how Derek's skin, underneath his scruff, is soft like his lips, and how hot he is, temperature-wise. "Yeah," he says, clears his throat. "I mean, there wasn't any other way of—"

"—finding out what was happening," Derek finishes for him between clenched teeth, gesturing with his chin towards Laura.

"