notes.)
            

It happened when Stiles was picking up empty bags of fast food.

They just fell out onto the dirty carpet and his heart stopped beating. His breathing got deeper and faster, fingers crushing the thin paper in his hand as he backed away from the offending items covered in brown stains and grey ash. Stiles felt anger build up in his chest as he bent down and picked them up off the ground, growling in his chest as he threw them out the window and wiped at his face.

Struggling, Stiles forced himself to sit in the computer chair and take a breath. He knows that it’s been seven months now, but it still makes him angry.

Sighing he stands himself up and finishes cleaning his room, or well, re-organizing his trash piles before he remembers the night he first kissed Derek.


Derek looked at him with an amused expression, blowing out small puffs of smoke. “You’re such a dork,” he murmurs fondly. Stiles rolls his eyes and shrugs, “It’s possible we’re just marinates being controlled by some big entity.”



Derek leans in close, the smell of his cigarette heavy on his breath as he whispers, “Shut up.” 



Stiles feels his cheeks burn as he averts his gaze away, a small tickle of embarrassment creeping into his spine. “I want you to kiss me,” he whispers softly, closing his eyes. And then there are lips on his own, pressing softly and the taste of smoke.



 Stiles’ eyes fly open and a gentle gasp escapes his mouth before he kisses back. 


Stiles blinks the thought away and laid his head on the pillow, sighing to himself and touching his lips.  

bye

in which stiles has a staring contest with a sweater

or

no that's it basically

school makes me want to die

and this is rlly short i am sorry


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

The sun painted the messy bedroom with different shades of light, illuminating the hole covered sweater that hung loosely from the closet door knob, a long sob echoing throughout the bedroom.

Stiles sat there and stared at the sweater, his fingers burning to touch the fabric, just one more time before he finished packing the rest of Derek’s clothes and leaving them on the lacrosse field. He hoped it fucking rained tomorrow.

Stiles took deep shuddering breaths and told himself to stop crying over a stupid boy and to just finish packing the remains of his clothes.

But he couldn’t, they still smelled like he did and he hated how much he missed him.

Stiles squinted at the piece of fabric and tried to set it on fire, giving himself a headache after ten minutes of just staring. Stiles knew he was being ridiculous, and that Lydia was right, but he would never admit that to her.

Stiles stood up and leisurely walked over to his closet, picking up the sweater and throwing it into a box and running back to his bed, as if he had been burned.

Closing his blinds he crawled into bed and pulled the blanket up to his chin and sighed, it will be okay one day.

new tumblr url: sleepyhamlet

i listen to a lot of sad music

and this is really just a fucking mess because im a mess i am so sorry

Stiles let his feet dangle carelessly in the aisle of the food court, a cold piece of lettuce hanging out of his mouth as he listened to Cora explain in detail the time that Stiles had braided her hair, a demanding tone in her voice when she said, "Do it for the dance, Stiles."

And Stiles thought, while Cora impatiently tapped her foot and nails against the fake wooden table. Stiles ran his fingers through h is unkempt hair, murmuring, "Okay, but no complaining when Lydia forces you to let her do your makeup."  Smirking when Cora blinked at him dumbly, a scowl painting her thin lips.

Stiles spit the lettuce out and sighed, "How are you?" 

Stiles listens vaguely as she rattles off about school and her latest girl troubles, his eyes scanning the nearly empty eating area for him. Stiles snorted loudly, shaking his head. 

"Hey Cora, I'm going to head home. I'm not feeling well, come by around eight and I'll fix your hair." Stiles said, ignoring the look of confusion she had on her face, exiting the food court quickly.

Stiles gets into his dad's car, and drives until he is sitting out on an abandoned road, loud screams escaping his lips. 

"I deserve more than you." He whispers several times over, like a mantra. 

to clarify something: 

this is a story about learning to let go of someone, this is not about someone saving someone else. 

and derek's dads name is geoff bc i love rooster teeth and i dont know his dads actual name bye

Dangling his legs off the side of the small bridge in the park, Stiles leaned his head back and looked up at the sky, small sighs leaving his lips as he watched the fat white clouds move lethargically across the sky. Squeezing his eyes closed, Stiles applauded himself mentally for