and moaned softly into Jackson’s mouth, and holy shit that was definitely a hardon. But Jackson...Jackson wasn’t at all. 

He couldn’t breathe and he wasn’t hard, but Stiles wasn’t doing anything different. Jackson fucked this up again. Their entire relationship was built on sex and he couldn’t even do this right. 

Stiles pulled back suddenly, and it was like someone had thrown Jackson off of a cliff into a freezing ocean—the breath stopping fear, the slowing of time, the icy wall of water slamming into his body. Shit, Stiles had realized something was up. 

Jackson reached up and scrambled at Stiles’ shirt for some leverage, for something to pull him back into Jackson because Jackson needed this to work. He put way too much into this for Jackson’s body to fuck up when he was finally getting what he needed. 

Stiles’ hands grabbed at his wrists, their heat searing into his skin, but he didn’t pull Jackson away, didn’t seem able to. 

Vibrations in Stiles’ chest traveled up Jackson’s hands, but Jackson couldn’t hear what he was saying. Not until Stiles pulled himself off the bed and away from Jackson, anyway. There was a sharp tearing noise, and then a loud, “Jackson,” and Jackson fell back against the bed, completely tense. 

Stiles stood next to that fucking computer chair, still in the same place it was during all their talks, his hands at his sides and his shirt in shreds. He looked concerned, but Jackson could smell sweat and the strange bitterness to it that he’d come to understand was fear. 

Jackson had fucked up bad.

“If you didn’t like the shirt you should’ve just said so,” Stiles said lightly, with a forced bit of laughter that made Jackson feel like curling in on himself. 

What kind of pathetic dickhole who asked for this shit couldn’t perform? Couldn’t even get hard enough to fake it until he actually was into it? Jackson couldn’t even sub right. 

Jackson was out the door before he was aware of it, and long gone before Stiles had a chance to speak. 

Thwack.

The ball hit the tree just under the can and ricocheted off into a direction Jackson didn’t feel like going. He had a bucket full of them by his feet anyway. 

Thwack.

His palm burned from his tight grip on his lacrosse stick, and it really needed the laces tightened, but if he tried to do anything other than shoot into the can he’d start thinking about earlier. About how he—no. 

His knuckles scraped across the bottom of the five gallon bucket, and he loaded up another ball. 

Thwing.

Dead center. At least he still had that going for him.

“Nice one.” 

Jackson startled, so focused on what he was doing that he hadn’t picked up on anyone approaching. He knew the voice though, and it was that reason alone that kept him from instinctively lashing out. 

He turned to see Danny a few feet from his bucket, offering a Gatorade with one hand and holding a few lacrosse balls in the other. 

“I thought you’d be drinking,” Danny said as Jackson set his lax stick down and grabbed the Gatorade. His favorite flavor—Danny must’ve gone out of his way to get it since Danny didn’t like blue Gatorade enough to have it at home. 

Jackson was quiet for a moment, his attention fully on uncapping the lid. There wasn’t much he remembered from his journey to this spot, but it would’ve been nice if his mindless run had included a stop to his house’s liquor cabinet. At least then he wouldn’t care that he was feeling so numb. 

“I wish I was,” Jackson said, and his voice sounded so fucked up he self consciously swallowed and brought the drink to his mouth. He hadn’t realized how thirsty he was, but it’d been dark when he’d run out of Stiles’ house and it’d been dark when he’d gotten here—Jackson had no idea how long he’d been out here.

Danny made a noncommittal noise and dropped the balls he’d collected into the bucket. “So,” he began, then leaned up against a nearby tree, the very picture of relaxed. Jackson envied that. “Stiles called me.”

The Gatorade bottle crinkled lightly under Jackson’s fingertips. Stiles called him for what? To break up with him through Danny because Jackson fucked up and at least he wouldn’t try and punch Danny (and start the cycle over again, but maybe that way was easier)? 

“Oh.”

“Yeah, he was rambling on like, well Stiles, about ‘how something happened but not something bad so I shouldn’t worry more than a little,’ but he seemed pretty worried. What I want to know is if I need to help you beat him up.” 

Jackson sucked in a quiet breath and stilled the dread churning in his stomach. “So