its happened...it's...normal. And calm. And good in a way that has Derek holding his breath. Stiles has a romantic streak a mile wide that trips Derek up when it's directed at him; he has a hard time not seeing romance as manipulation, and they'd had their one fight over that, in the first week when Stiles had brought him flowers and Derek had asked warily what he wanted. But then they'd talked it out, using words, and some hand holding, and figured out that spontaneous things are ok, it's plans that scare Derek the most, and so now Derek is listening to Stiles sing "sweet dreams till sunbeams find you, sweet dreams to leave your worries far behind you...", and he gets it, finally gets it, so he's pushing himself out of the booth, walking up to the stage. 

 

Stiles is laughing as Derek pulls him down, dragging him bodily into his arms as the last bars of the song end, kissing his welcoming mouth. Stiles is loose on his feet, sleepy and punch drunk, and goes happily into his coat and into the car, door slamming on the cold and starry night sky. He waits till Derek's buckled, leans over to kiss his cheek and laugh, singing under his breath.

 


"And in your dreams, whatever they be, dream a little dream of me."


the christmas ficlet no one asked for (derek hale and his stupid birthday)

You're not quite sure why you do it, but like so many things, you do it anyway- you put on your coat, and you get in your jeep, and let it idle until it's warm enough to drive without choking halfway out the driveway, and then you take the two streets, three county roads, and one overgrown gravel lane until you're outside Derek's house, turning your engine off and sitting for a moment in the silent dusk while you try to figure out exactly what you're doing.

Derek's on the porch, you can see his dark outline against the ghostly white of the remaining columns and front walls, and if you didn't know better, you'd think he was waiting for you, but that's not possible, because even you didn't know you were coming out here till you did it. Maybe you'd thought about it, maybe you'd been turning the idea over in your head for a few days, worrying on it, chewing it over when you've been supposed to be wrapping presents, or studying, or listening to Scott endlessly debate what he's going to get for Allison and Isaac. But you hadn't known you were going to do it, and if you didn't, neither could anyone else.

Because here's the thing- Christmas was your mother's favorite holiday, and so for all the sadness that you feel, and that you know your dad feels, all year long, at her birthday, on the anniversary of her death, at your sad little family Thanksgivings, on Christmas you make a fucking effort, and it's nice, it always is. It's you and your dad, and presents, and stockings, and sticky buns and coffee, and then Scott and his mom come over in the afternoon, and then you watch movies on TV and eat yourself into a stupor while Melissa cleans out your dad at poker in the kitchen, and it's good, a little bittersweet, sure, but good. Christmas is sacred, always has been. Christmas Eve, though, is the night your dad works at the station in exchange for having all of Christmas Day off, and so it's never been important, it's always just dicking around on the computer, or maybe last minute shopping with Scott for his mom, or even just staying in your pajamas all day and seeing how many times you can jerk off before you're too bored to stay awake anymore.

And this is the other thing- one time when you were snooping through your dad's work computer, you looked up Derek's file, and it had all the same information it would have for anyone; name, age, address, and birthday. At the time, you just laughed, because of fucking course the dude with the most absurdly tragic life also has the worst possible birthday in the world, and then you pretty much forgot about it, because it was mid-summer, and there were lots of other things going on that deserved a lot more attention than Derek Hale and his stupid ridiculous birthday.

The passenger door opens with a rush of chilly air, the breeze today has been coming down from the sierras, and it may not snow in Beacon Hills more than once or twice a year, but the mountains are ice-packed and beautiful, and the wind that travels down carries the promise of darkness and cold. Derek looks the same as he always does- jeans, boots, leather jacket, vague scowl- but he's combed his hair