of doing the ceremony. It's the only magic werewolves can do, and it's as different as the strands of lycanthropy in our blood. Stiles, for example.  His lycanthropy comes from another clan because Peter was stupid and wanted to be an Alpha so bad he went out of state to challenge one.   So his change manifests differently.  That clan would have a different meeting ceremony too, different herbs or a different rune arrangement or something.   God, I hope he doesn't have a knot."                            Derek shook his head, like that thought had left a bad taste in his brain.  "Anyways.  Point.  No knot. Just some magic and a claiming bite that'll be permanent.  That's all."                            "Oh.  Yeah, yeah I can do that.  Is everything else true about a mating bond true, or is that just bullshit too? Because I'd kind of like being closer to you.  Having a stronger bond with you than the rest of the pack."                            Derek sighed happily and inched closer to Isaac.   "We'd always be able to find each other.  Unless someone knew the exact magic used to make the bond, it can't be cut out, blocked or broken.  You'd know how I was feeling, more than you do now.  It's not a burden though; you can block that part if you want to, but you probably won't want to.  The best part is because I'm an Alpha, you'll have higher stamina and strength than you do now. Not quite as good as mine, but still enhanced."                            "I'd heal more, too.  Wouldn't I?"  Isaac thought he was catching on now.                            "Yes," Derek said, sounding me than a little guilty.  "That's not why I want to do this though.  Well.  Not the whole reason.  Mating bonds are permanent and I - you're perfect Isaac.   I didn't say anything before because I wanted - I needed to be sure.  But I am.  Unless - unless you don't want to?"                            "So what you're saying is that you're a closet romantic?"                            Derek had on the most epic bitchface Isaac had ever seen.  He couldn't help it; he burst out laughing.   He laughed until his chest hurt.  "You - you should see your face!" he gasped out, before his words dissolved into helpless giggles.  Derek was not amused.                            When Isaac pulled himself back together he said,  "No, seriously though.  I'd love to.  I mean, just to really belong to you would be – I'd like that.”

    “I'd belong to you, too.  Even though I'm an Alpha, the mating bond goes both ways.”

    “You know, I'm not gonna lie.  I really like the sound of that.”  Isaac flashed a feral smile.

    “Me too.”

    “Oh – shit.  Am I still going to be able to model?  I mean that's not a deal breaker or anything, but I like working at the magazine.  What am I gonna tell Rose?”

    Derek snorted.  “You can still model.  If it's a problem, they can cover the mark with makeup. Most of the time you won't need to.  We'll just have to do more shoots together, and anyways...Alphas find that attractive.  A mating scar.”

    “Really?  That's...kinda weird.”

    “You're the one who thought I was going to knot you,”  Derek pointed out.

    Isaac decided to ignore the comeback.  “So, I really need to use the bathroom.  Any way I can persuade you to let me up?”

    Derek got up first, and pulled on some boxers before going into their closet and bringing out a brand new pair of crutches.  Isaac rolled his eyes, but let Derek help him to his feet and fit his arms into the crutches.  It took some adjusting, but this wasn't the first time he'd used crutches, so he was hobbling down the hallway to the bathroom in no time.  He made Derek stay outside while he used the bathroom; he wasn't completely helpless.

    Once he'd finished, Derek came back in and helped him wash.  He couldn't take an actual shower or bath because of the bandages, so Isaac sat in the dry tub and Derek helped him wash using damp washcloths and Derek's body wash.  Derek was determined to have Isaac smell like sex and him as much as possible, which of course couldn't possibly have anything to do with the fact that Stiles was moving in today.  There was the distinct possibility that now that Isaac had accepted Derek's proposal, his Alpha was going to be even more possessive than before.  Not that Isaac was complaining.  He liked it.  Derek was possessive without being restrictive or abusive; he just really, really liked everyone knowing that Isaac belonged to him, and Isaac really didn't see anything wrong with that.  Even