Someone turned the lights on, however, and he grabbed at the blankets, yanking them over his head.
Wait. Blankets?

"Stiles!" Stiles peered over the blanket to see Scott waving at him. The entire pack was standing at the end of the bed and Stiles almost shrieked in surprise. 

"So! I'm a vampire?" He asked, freaked out. Derek shook his head. 

"Your body rejected it for some reason- sort of like Lydia's body rejected the werewolf bite."

Stiles let out a sigh of relief. "Okay. That's very fortunate. Imagine if I'd turned into a vampire! We could remake Twilight. All we'd need is a girl. Or a guy. We could make it Twilight: The Gay Edition-"

"Stiles!" Lydia glared. "Shut up! And you need rest. You should go back to sleep."

"But I-" he took a look at her face and snapped his mouth shut. "Fine." He sank back into the bed and closed his eyes. The door shut but he could hear two different breaths, and he knew that two people had stayed in the room. His heart rate slowed down as he breathed deeper, and he knew they thought he was asleep. 

"Derek." So it was Derek and Scott. "You know why his body rejected it, don't you?"

"That doesn't matter." Derek deflected the question. "We need to find these bastards. I let myself get distracted, and look what happened!"

"Derek, it's not your fault. We've all been too lax." Stiles almost leaped out of the bed as Scott comforted Derek. What the hell?

"We barely killed one when we got Stiles back. We need to do some research on how to better kill them," Derek said. His voice had a steely edge, and Stiles was tempted to send out a prayer for the vampires before he remembered that they'd tried to make him one. 

"You didnt answer my question, Derek," Scott said finally, and Stiles knew that Derek had hoped he'd forget. 

"Just leave it, Scott- you'd rather not know. He certainly never will." The door slammed and Scott huffed out a breath, before following. 

Stiles fell asleep frustrated.
__

Two days of research and a failed pop quiz later, and Stiles had figured out the best way to kill the vampires. 

"Well," he told the pack, "we got off lucky, because we can avoid the chop-off-their-heads-and-stuff-them-with-garlic process."

"Ew," was all Lydia said, but Stiles wasn't fooled. She'd probably be the first one doing it if they had to.

"So what are we doing?" Erica asked. Stiles tapped his printed sheets of paper absently. 

"There are several options. One, if a werewolf gives them the bite, they'll crawl off and die a few hours later. But you can't just snap at them, it has to be a real bite, like you're trying to make them a werewolf. Their vampire-ness will reject the bite really violently, and they'll die. Two, believe it or not, a wolfsbane bullet will do the trick. It makes them explode. And three, just rip them apart, honestly."

Derek nodded. "Scott? Can you get Allison to supply some bullets?"

"I have my own," Stiles said.

"I meant for Lydia," Derek said. "None of us would be able to use it, and I really don't want you using a gun."

Stiles batted Jackson away as he tried to lick him and scowled. "Hello? My dad is the frickin' sheriff. I can shoot better than any of you."

The look Derek gave him was unconvinced, but he finally nodded. "You need some sort of defense anyway."

"Why are Lydia and Stiles going?" Erica asked.

"We heard that there are several humans trapped wherever the vampires are," Derek explained. "We'll need as many people as we can get to help pull them out. Our best option is to have Stiles and Lydia find them and help them out while we get rid of the vampires."

Stiles nodded in agreement. "With wolfsbane bullets, Lydia and I should be fine."

Jackson managed to lick him, and Stiles sighed as Scott tackled him to the floor. Derek pulled him up off the floor and licked him, and Erica giggled. Stiles scowled and stormed out if the room.

"I'm stealing your room to research in peace, Isaac!" He called, shutting the door and setting his laptop on Isaac's desk.
Muttering to himself, he opened another file on vampires. "Hm...garlic and wolfsbane are the most efficient combination on bullets..." 

"Hello."

With another [un]manly shriek, Stiles turned around. Vampire fangs grinned at him from the face of a young man. Shit.

"Hey.