Team Werewolf had showed up and he’d been rescued. Like a damsel in distress. 

Too bad it was after he’d been kicked around like a soccer ball. 

He took four Advil and a shower and then crawled into bed, sloppy bandages on his bite mark. 

He probably needs a rabies or a tetanus shot tomorrow. Awesome. 

He wakes up hot and sweaty, still feeling sore and a little sick. 

And there’s Derek, as a wolf, on his bed, watching him. 

He’s curled in a ball, his chin down, eyes open and reflective even in the half-dark. 

Just staring. 

“Creepy, dude. Not cool. I’m not playing Bella to your Edward. Just… no.”

Derek whines a little bit and scooches forward, his belly low, until he’s pressed up against Stiles’ leg, face nosing at Stiles’ hip. He makes another soft whining sound, way at the back of his throat. 

Stiles drops his hand heavily on Derek’s head and pets him clumsily. 

“‘s good doggy,” he mumbles, feeling the soft fur under his fingers. He cards through the fur and then scratches lightly behind Derek’s pointy ears. Derek tips his head, giving Stiles’ better access. 

When he wakes up in the morning, he thinks it was a dream until he sees all the fur left over on his bed. 

He’s not sure how he feels about that. 

***

The definitely don’t talk about it. 

***

Definitely. 

***

The thing is, Stiles’ brain doesn’t have an off switch. It’s always thinking about something. When he can focus on school work, he gets good grades. He knows he’s pretty smart. When he’s not focusing, sometimes it’s like a big kaleidoscope. All shiny bits of color and shapes twisting and turning and then suddenly it makes a picture but then whoops! It’s gone again. 

Even when he’s not actively thinking about something, he can feel his brain working. Like gears in a watch turning-turning-turning and sometimes he can just be sitting there and BAM! He knows how they get the caramilk in the caramilk bar. Like his brain’s been working on that problem in the background for years and suddenly he gets it. 

So he’s not really surprised when he’s lying in bed, watching Doom for the billionth time and all of sudden he kinda gets his weird ass “let’s go play catch in the woods and have some bed time snuggles” with Derek. 

It’s like… Derek doesn’t have to be Derek when he’s the wolf. Or maybe he’s more Derek, like the real Derek. 

He’s both less and more himself at the same time. And that kind of blows Stiles mind but he thinks he gets it. When Derek’s… Derek, people expect a certain behavior, a certain attitude a certain way of (not) speaking. 

But as the wolf, it’s like there are no expectations. And he doesn’t have to not speak, because he can’t speak. No one expects a wolf to talk. 

Or be anything but a wolf. 

He furs out, therefore he is. 

Stiles still isn’t sure what it means that Derek wolfs out with him. Nobody else has mentioned any quality fur time. And Stiles doesn’t want to bring it up because he kind of likes how it’s… secret and feels like it’s just between them. 

 

Stiles spends the rest of the night lying awake thinking about that and when he dreams, he dreams he’s running through the woods with Derek running as wolf beside him, tongue lolling around happily. 

***

So if he suddenly has a box full of dog toys in his jeep, it’s no one’s business but his own. And if he knows that if he shows up at Derek’s house one or two (or five) times a week, he’s guaranteed some puppy time, that’s his business too. He never knows if Derek will be wolfed out when he gets there until he pulls up and sees white, grey and black bounding toward him and he gets this really tight, happy feeling in his chest and will reach into the back seat to get his box of stuff and then pull out a rope tug or a ball for playing and they run off into the woods. He tries to keep up and always fails against the bounding speed that Derek has. He also can’t pick his way around the uneven forest ground like Derek can and he falls more than a few times, ending up covered in mud. Derek always trots over and tilts his head at him a bit, sometimes sniffing him over or making a whuff sound when Stiles has fallen until Stiles says he’s okay. 

He wonders how long it’s been since Derek could play. 

One day, they stop by a small creek and Derek noisily laps up some water while Stiles sits down against