S.S. Hope had hunters on it as well. 


Twang.


The bolt flew forward, heading towards Erica in a tight spin and Erica knew her body wasn’t going to react fast enough. She’d gotten a little more used to the time between her thoughts and actions, and the point so and so seconds it was going to take for the bolt to hit her was definitely not enough time. 

“Erica, get down!” she heard Boyd say somewhere behind her, and it was fairly obvious that was supposed to happen earlier. 

Something large and heavy slammed into her back and she fell forward, taking whatever was on her back down with her. The bolt whizzed past her, clattering onto the ground somewhere behind her. 

“Man, you’re stupid,” the girl said, boots clicking against the floor as she walked forward, loading another bolt into her crossbow. She took another step closer and aimed it at Erica’s head, grinning. 

“You don’t jump on top of the girl to get her out of the way, kid,” she said, nudging at what was on top of Erica--apparently Boyd--with her boot. “That just gets the both of you stuck.”

Twang. 

The crossbow went off and Erica didn’t even have time to get scared before her vision went black.



---

She stood up and walked over to a bench, sitting when she reached it. Chances were, Boyd was going to come through soon too, so she only had to wait. 

There were no black mist portals, no other ghosts on the ship. It was like the ghosts on the Deliverance served no other purpose but to bring Erica and Boyd together and put them on the S.S. Hope. Like they were meant to be on the ship the night the front end blew up and killed tens of thousands of people. 

Erica rested her head in her hands, sighing. The ghosts that had talked to her, touched her face, they were all sayings something similar. Things like “please” and “save us,” like they knew Erica was going to end up somewhere, end up on the ship they came from. 

The floor opened up then and Erica watched the white mist coming out of the center, drawing Boyd and filling his form with its presence. He woke almost immediately, gasping and holding his heart like it’d simply stopped working. 

Erica crossed her arms over her chest and leaned back into the lockers behind her. 

“That was dumb, y’know.”

Boyd licked his lips and tried to make his legs work. He was standing tall and brushing off imaginary dust from his clothes on the second try. 

“What? Saving you?”

“Yeah. We didn’t know we’d end up here still among the time traveling undead. If you’d let her shoot me, you could’ve gotten away.” 

On some level, Erica knew they probably wouldn’t have died. The ghosts kept coming back on the Deliverance, after all. Boyd raised an eyebrow at her. He’d thought it too. 

“It’s not a bad thing, asking for help,” he said after a few minutes of silence. “You don’t have to be strong all the time.” 

The thing was, Erica wanted to be strong. It wasn’t for anyone or anything but herself, really. She’d been weak almost all her life, and for the first time in her life she’d finally felt strong, in control. She didn’t want to be weak anymore. Despite middle school, despite high school, she’d kept on. Erica knew how to assemble and operate over two hundred types of modern weaponry, if that wasn’t strong she didn’t know what else was. 

“I could say the same thing to you, mister I-refuse-to-call-for-help-when-I’m-sinking-in-a-ghost-portal,” she said, and it came out softer than she expected. 

Boyd ran his hands over his shirt, smoothing out wrinkles that didn’t exist, and Erica’s eyes followed the movement. He was well defined and extremely muscular for an engineer, she noted as the cloth pulled taut over his arms and stomach with his movements. And then she realized, they were cut from the same cloth. She with her guns and he with his muscles. They both wanted to be strong in the only way they knew how. 

“So what should we do now,” he said eventually, looking at Erica. And Erica pulled herself up off the bench, bring them eye-to-eye, well as close to that as possible because Boyd was tall and she was only the higher end of average in heels. 

“I think...I think we’re supposed to save them, keep the ship from blowing up.” 

“But won’t that mess up the time stream? And everything I heard about it said it was a terrorist attack. How are we supposed to stop a terrorist attack?” 

“