at him and Scott was considering hiding out in the bathroom until Allison was available again.

“You’re skinny.” Amber commented, wrinkling her nose.

“And your clothes don’t suit you.” Lucy added, sneering at his shirt. Scott looked down, minutes ago they were calling him cute and giggling over him.

“Your jawline is uneven.” Ciara sighed, as if it was hurting her to make rude comments.

“Your voice is still breaking sometimes and it is really not attractive.” Amber gave him a sympathetic smile which was mirrored by the other two girls.

“And you like Allison.” They chorused. Scott felt his heart drop and a prickling behind his eyes. It had all been going so well.

“Well Scott, we’re here to say that you don’t deserve her.” Ciara said with a nasty smile.

“She’s too good for you. You are lucky to even be here tonight.” Lucy said sweetly. Scott took a deep breath, now this was more like normal. Harsh comments and biting insults.

Amber stepped forward, her dark red hair swishing, put a manicured hand on his chest and pushed.
Scott stumbled backwards, almost knocking into someone.
“Sorry, sorry…” He mumbled, jerking away from them. He took one look at the trio of girls and decided to cut his losses.

Which is how he found himself in a bathroom. Somehow he had managed to skip an entire hour, pressed uncomfortably against sophomores, trying to find Allison so he could tell her he was leaving. It would be rude not to and despite the fact that he suspected his mom may meddle with dark magic, she never raised him to be rude.
The loud music and sweating, shaking bodies had made Scott want to cry so before he could burst into a full blow panic attack he’d ducked into the nearest bathroom.
What made it suck to be Scott so much is he got panic attacks as well as serious asthma. He suddenly remembered why he never left the house other than to go to school.

He shook his inhaler and took another deep breath, trying to calm his hyperventilating and his panic attack. Choking out, he gulped down another deep breath of oxygen from the inhaler. He shook it again, wheezing and took another huge breath. His eyes were starting to fill up with tears.

'Crap, this is how I die. Sitting in a bathtub having a panic attack.'
He thought, sucking down another deep breath. Was it just him or was it helping less and less each time. He shook his inhaler again and almost started sobbing when it made a strange noise. Empty. He threw it across the room and started to cry.

'I’m going to die. I’m going to die. I’m going to die. I didn’t even get to say goodbye to Allison.' 

Scott choked on his own wheezes.

A light knock sounded at the door which made his breath hitch slightly.

“Scott? Is that you?” Allison. Allison was here. Shit, Scott was going to die in front of Allison. 

“I’m coming in.” He heard her say determinedly. The door swung open and she hurried in, closing the door behind her.

“Scott!” She yelled, rushing over and dropping to her knees by the bathtub. She quickly found his inhaler from where he had thrown it across the room in despair.

“It’s okay Scott, I’ve got your inhaler.” She pressed it into his hands and he shook his head, wheezing even more.

“Emp-ty.” He gasped, and a look of panic crossed her face.

“Fuck!” She exclaimed throwing it across the room and turning back quickly.

“Scott, it’s going to be okay, please just try to breath, please-“ 

She was cut off by Scott coughing and then struggling to get his breath back.

Allison pulled her eyebrows together in panic and Scott knew it was because his cheeks were red and his lips were blue and there were tear tracks all down his face.
“Scott please just keep breathing.” She begged and Scott could feel himself going faint.

Suddenly his vision was brought back into focus by Allison climbing in beside him and wrapping her arms around him.
“Scott, I don’t know what to do!” She said quietly as Scott tried to regulate his breathing.

“M-“ The words caught in his throat alongside his breath.

They were silent apart from Scott’s rattling breath for a couple of seconds before Allison started singing.

“Don’t panic, no not yet, I know I’m the one you want to forget, cue all the love to leave my heart, it’s time for me to fall apart.”

Scott turned slightly to look at her. Dark brown, almost black curls framed her face and her piercing eyes were trained on him.

“Now you’re gone but I’ll be okay, your hot whiskey eyes have fanned the flame, maybe I’ll burn a little brighter tonight let the fire breathe me back to life