a level two mission by themselves. They pulled her navigator out in pieces, and Laura, she, uh…”

Silver trailed off with a nervous intake of air, and as soft as he’d said it, Stiles wasn’t sure he’d picked up most of the words.

When Silver didn’t add anything, just sort of slumped against the ship and looked down at their feet between them, Stiles swallowed around tightness threatening to block his throat, and reached forward to lightly grab Silver’s wrist, where the little bit of skin between his borrowed flight suit and gloves was exposed. He meant for it to comfort Silver, but as keyed up as Stiles felt, the warmth and rough skin under Stiles’ fingers calmed him a little too.

Silver startled at the contact, but didn’t pull out of Stiles’ hand, and when Silver met his eyes Stiles tightened his grip. His wrist was warm and his pulse was going rabbit fast under Stiles’ fingertips, and Stiles watched his Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed. 

“I’m sorry,” Stiles said, and Silver sighed, his breath brushing past Stiles’ lips. Stiles barely kept himself from licking them in response. They were so close together. Heat pooled in his belly, churning with nerves and fear more than anything else, but a little bit of excitement too.

“No, I’m sorry,” Silver said, his voice low and catching mid sentence, and his eyes dropped to Stiles’ lips for a second. Holy fuck.

Stiles’ heartbeat picked up and he was sure Silver could tell since Stiles himself could feel Silver’s against his chest. On a rush of courage, Stiles pushed forward, hoping and praying to whatever God would listen that Stiles was reading this right. 

His lips missed their mark by a little bit, and Silver must have had his mouth open because Stiles’ bottom lip slipped into his mouth. For a startling second or two, Silver froze and Stiles wanted a hole to open up underneath him and send him hurtling towards the earth out of embarrassment, but then Silver let out a quiet breath and tilted his head until their lips were pressed firmly against each other and Stiles’ mind went blank. 

Jesus tap-dancing Christ. Silver did want to bone him.

It was an utterly chaste kiss, no more than lips touching and heavy breath skittering across their mouths. Their faces were so close Stiles could feel the hard outlines of Silver’s teeth behind his lips, but they couldn’t bring themselves to pull back enough for a gentler kiss—hard was what Stiles needed to focus on something other than Scott’s condition. Silver’s shoulders shook between Stiles and Erica’s ship, and Stiles’ hand was clenched so tight around Silver’s wrist it must’ve hurt, but it kept him from shaking. 

Silver sighed against Stiles’ mouth, naturally ending the kiss, and they pulled back. 

“There’s another way you could distract me,” Stiles said. He might regret it later if Scott, no when, Scott was okay since he’d have been fooling around while Scott was hurt, but the option was so much more attractive than anything else Silver offered.

His eyes were firmly on Silver’s lips, so he noticed immediately when they pulled into a tight grimace and Silver tensed beneath him. “I can’t,” Silver whispered, and Stiles jerked away from him, incredulous. 

Fuck. He hadn’t read that correctly, then. But what the hell had that been then? A pity kiss? ‘Stiles’ best friend’s hurt so I’ll just mack on him right back if he goes for kiss but really he’s a fugly motherfucker’?

The bottom dropped out of Stiles’ stomach and he wanted to throw up. Great, so Scott was hurt and he’d managed to figure out that Silver didn’t want him after all. What an amazing day it was turning out to be; working himself to the bone seemed like a better option already.

He turned to remove himself from the hangar and head back to Hangar One for work, but Silver caught him by the shoulder with a firm hand. Stiles flinched under the heat of it and his gut rolled harshly. 

“That’s not what I meant,” Silver said, and it was only the helpless pinched look in his eyes that kept Stiles from retorting. “I’m not…I can’t just.” Silver’s mouth hung loose like he was going to add something else, but nothing but air came out. 

Stiles shifted from one foot to the other and shrugged slightly up into Silver’s hand. “You don’t want to be a distraction,” Stiles mumbled into his chest, taking pity on Silver’s inability to put words together. The sentence could mean anything really—he didn’t want to have sex with Stiles, he didn’t like casual sex or Stiles, or maybe, he wanted to be something more than a distraction for Stiles, and Stiles didn’t let his heart settle too