got to work, lifting her little dog up and having a look under and sure enough there was a sheath hiding in all the papillon’s hair. It was furry, were all peepees hairy or just dog ones? She may never know. She doesn’t know how she’s going to get that into her kitty, in the video the woman just laid down while the man got up on her, then they had sex. Things were probably different since Prada was a dog so she decided that she would do what she always did when there was a problem, she took charge of the situation. “Well now I know, let’s have sex Prada.”

Pulling her nightie up to her stomach, Lydia showed Prada her kitty. Like the rest of her body – minus her head – it was hairless, her kitty small and pale. She had rubbed her kitty sometimes, on the tiny bud at the top but it made her feel strange so she stopped, in the sex education video it explained about something called the clitoris and how good it’s meant to make girls feel but she didn’t think so.  Prada just stared up at her face with his tongue out, huffing out pants as if he hasn’t got a clue what she’s doing. He probably doesn’t, it’s not like people usually show their kitty to him.

“Come on Prada, what do I have to do for you to have the sex with me?” Lydia pouted and spread her legs so the papillon was between them, reaching down to play with her kitty. She was going to sulk if Prada didn’t want to have sex with her. She ran her fingers over the lips of her kitty, parting them slightly to fit her middle finger between and feel around. This was a new experience for her, it wasn’t like last time when she was rubbing her bud, this time her kitty was responding back and getting damp. The sensation of her finger was new, making her quickly stuff the end of her nightie into her mouth to hide a whimper.

She slipped more fingers down to rub and fiddle with her kitty, finding a hole where all of the wet stuff was coming out. It wasn’t pee, this was thicker and she didn’t even need to go to the toilet. Whatever it was, it intrigued Prada enough for him to inch forward and have a sniff. Lydia could feel embarrassed about her dog sniffing her kitty but when he started licking she couldn’t care less. “Nnh, mmm….”

Was this sex? It didn’t seem like it was, but it felt really good when he lapped at the hole with his tongue. It was slightly rough which gave her the proper stimulation to leave her tiny chest panting and holding onto her thighs. This wasn’t sex, Prada’s peepee wasn’t involved so while this was fun and made her itty all tingly, she wanted to get to the sex already.

That being said, getting him interested seemed easy but now what was she supposed to do? She couldn’t just ask the papillon to have sex with her and he’d know what do to. No, she’d have to put his peepee in her kitty because Prada wasn’t as clever as she was about this situation. She grabbed the dog once more, lifting him up to her and bringing a hand down to his furry sheath not really knowing what to do about it now that it’s in her hand. Prada didn’t seem that impressed either. “We’ll get through this together.”

Copying what she remembers from the sex education, Lydia moves her dog between her legs again, keeping a hand on his sheath until it was pressed up against her kitty. This wasn’t going to work, was it not going to happen just because Prada was a dog and not a man like in the video? Maybe Prada can only have the sex with girl dogs. She tried for ages, pressing Prada’s peepee against her kitty over and over again until she let go when something wet covered her hand. “Ew!”

What the heck was that? She inspected between the papillon’s legs and there was a pink thing showing, which must have been Prada’s peepee! That means they really can do the sex! Oh she was so excited to finally get somewhere after all her efforts, pat on the back for Lydia.

Prada was interested it seems, from the way the dog was crowding between her legs to get a sniff at her sweet scent once more. It was easy for the papillon to switch to his instincts and mount his front legs up on Lydia’s stomach to give himself access; his pink cock wasn’t exactly aligned with her pussy but it’ll have to do, maybe she would understand after a couple humps that he couldn’t do it himself. Hunching his hips, Prada let out a frustrated whine and occasionally bumping the tip of his cock into her clit to entice the kid.

Lydia didn’t fully understand what was