. “Oh wow, Laura was right—it is snowing!” 

It didn't make Stiles any happier that the temperature was dropping as the snow started falling more steadily.

“Come on, you guys, give me an hour. No more than an hour and a half.”

“An hour,” Scott said and Allison went to get the walkie-talkies while Stiles outfitted his second-hand night vision goggles.

It was quiet as he walked along the creek, the only sound the gentle trickle of water as it washed over the smooth stones. The water had cut through the land over the years winding its way toward the far-off ocean. In some places the land was nearly even with the creek bed, but in others, the creek had flowed through and cut its way deeply, leaving near cliffs along the side. Stiles was glad he'd chosen their camp along a portion of creek that had a short, rolling slope down to the water. Some of the walls he was walking alongside now were very steep.

He didn't see anything but stopped every five minutes or so to radio back to camp, warning them he was going to make noise.

Then he did his best Bigfoot calls and shouts and quieted, waiting to see if either he or Allison and Scott heard a response. It was probably an hour right to the second when Scott called over the radio that Stiles needed to come back because they were going to bed, having heard nothing all night.

Stiles kicked a rock and sent it into the creek with a plop. He was cold, and the snow was coming down steadily and starting to lay on some surfaces.

He radioed to Scott that he was returning then decided to climb up and walk back on the upper edge of the creek. Maybe he would be able to spot something from the steeper hill than he could see from the creek itself.

He scrambled up the bank and started walking. It was a harder hike, animals not choosing the difficult and steeper path for obvious reasons. Stiles continued to sweep his head back and forth, checking for heat signatures that would indicate wildlife.

Scott radioed again when Stiles estimated he was about two-thirds of the way back to camp. Stiles assured him he was fine and almost there. Scott said they were turning in.

Of course, that was when Stiles found out that night vision goggles were really good at seeing heat In the distance but weren't so good for seeing up close. 

His boots got tangled in something he hadn't noticed, a root or vine, and he over-balanced. Exhausted, weary and cold, he didn't catch himself and went over the edge of the cliff. It wasn't completely vertical, Stiles was relieved for a second to find, but he couldn't stop his slide down the scree. He flung out his arms, tried to dig in his heels, but there was no traction and he ended up in the creek.

The icy water shocked the breath out of him, but he lay there in the shallows without moving for a moment. Head still there? Check. All arms and legs attached? Check. Movement of all four limbs? Check. Ability to sit up? Ouch but check.

The cold water swirled around him as he rolled to his hands and knees then his heart skipped a beat when he heard a low growl.

He only moved his head to look up at the top of the bank where the wolf stood. 

“Oh hey, buddy,” he said weakly, wondering how much energy he could muster to run across the creek and try to get away. “Don't come down here, all right? You could probably use a bath but not a freezing one like this, and I really don't want to … okay, you're just climbing down and … well, you're certainly a lot more graceful about it than I was. Not that that's saying much.”

Stiles didn't move as the wolf paused at the edge of the creek, and he hoped that the icy water would deter the animal, but that was not to be. The wolf waded out to him, and Stiles was too afraid to move until the wolf pushed its nose into his ribs.

Stiles squeaked, and the wolf grunted. Stiles thought it might not be the most intelligent thing to sound like a dog toy so when the wolf pushed again, Stiles slowly straightened without another sound. The wolf stood back until Stiles was kneeling in the creek.

He had to rest before trying to struggle to his feet. When his arm windmilled and hit a warm, hairy body, he almost went back down in the water. But the wolf got under his arm and nudged his hip until Stiles got safely to his feet.

Then the wolf nosed him until he started walking, slogging out of the water and onto the creek bed. Stiles wanted to lie down for just a minute, just to catch his breath and let some of the adrenaline fade, but he knew that staying out in the snow while he was drenched was deadly. 

The wolf seemed to