at them before turning to nod at a curly haired boy. Isaac Lahey, John realizes as they walk off together.

It's good to see that Scott has at least one friend who isn't moonlighting as a murderer.

Stiles doesn't talk the entire ride back to the station.

John isn't really expecting him to. For all that Stiles can ramble about whatever topic has most recently caught his interest, his son knows how to play it close to the chest. John doesn't try getting him to talk either. He's not going to be the officer in the interview room with Stiles (he's too emotionally connected to the case for that), so he doesn't have to ask the difficult questions. He's not sure Stiles would answer him if he did ask. He's not even sure he wants to know the answer.

When they get to the station John has to open the back door and help Stiles out. He holds Stiles's upper arm to steady him when he stumbles getting out of the car; the handcuffs throwing off his sense of balance. Stiles's eyes meet his, and John can't stay quiet.

"I'm sorry."

The words hang in the air between them, making Stiles's silence more apparent than it was in the car. John finds himself straining his ears, hoping to catch a sound - any sound - that Stiles might make in response. When the tension between them rises too high John turns away, leading Stiles to the front doors of the station.

"It's okay," Stiles says, so quietly that if John hadn't been listening closely he would have missed it. He doesn't give any indication that he heard anything, hoping that maybe if Stiles thinks John didn't hear he'll say something else. Something to prove his innocence.

He doesn't.

John takes Stiles to the interview room and cuffs him to the table, pausing briefly to squeeze his son's shoulder before he walks out. Deputy Cobb meets him at the door.

"Deputy Ryan and I are going to take this case, sir," he says, standing stiffly off to the side so John can close the door behind him.

"Good," John says. "I'll be watching from behind the glass."

"Sir, I don't-"

"Not as a team member, Deputy. I just want to see what my son says."

Deputy Cobb looks relieved and nods, glancing over his shoulder at Deputy Ryan and signalling for her to get ready. John follows her into the back room and settles down to watch. Deputy Ryan flips some switches and turns on the video feed of Stiles's back, making sure he doesn't have any surprises for them before she radios Deputy Cobb to let him know they're ready.

John watches the interrogation - it isn't an interview or questioning, not really - feeling somewhat detached from reality. Cobb asks questions and Stiles either nods or remains still, never voicing an opinion, never contradicting what Cobb says, never verbalizing anything. He sits there in complete silence with a blank expression on his face.

It's almost worse than hearing him confess would be, John thinks. He's seen Stiles angry. He's seen Stiles excited. Scrambling to cover a lie, maniacally gleeful at a prank, beaten down after the third panic attack in a week. But he's only seen Stiles looking blank like this once, and the memory of his son's face when John came back into the hospital room with her coffee to find her dead is something he wishes he didn't remember.

He leaves before it's over, not wanting to see the reminder of his failures as a father and a detective sitting in front of him handcuffed to an interrogation table. The paperwork for the last week is sitting on his desk, and it's as good a distraction as any.

Deputy Cobb finds him working his way through the largest stack half an hour later. He clears his throat when he enters the room, waiting for John to acknowledge him before he sits down. The silence stretches between them for a few long moments before Cobb answers the unspoken question.

"He didn't say anything, sir. But we're going to keep him in lock up regardless."

John nods, not trusting his voice. Cobb returns the gesture and then stands, giving John and his thoughts some privacy. As soon as the door closes behind him, John drops his head into his hands and runs his fingers through his hair.


Shit.


It's not that he expected Stiles to incriminate himself; it's that he never expected Stiles to do it by not talking. Stiles is incredibly intelligent - even if it he used it for questionable pursuits before becoming a murderer - and he could have easily talked circles around a police investigator without giving anything away. It would be just like Stiles to do that too. To treat being detained in a police station as a game to see how much he could aggravate