. Mostly he just tells kids that they can get a free lanyard and water bottle if they do a couple hundred push-ups. He’s primarily stationed at a table in the school cafeteria during the lunch periods.

Occasionally he’ll see Scott pass by, probably on his way to the teacher’s lounge or something. He always tries and fails to look away before Scott can make eye contact with him. Scott, used to their usual interactions by now, will quirk an amused smile in his direction and wave. Boyd will nod and busy himself with straightening the fliers in front of him.

Today there are two senior girls competing with each other to try to beat the push-up record. It’s very clearly not for Boyd’s benefit or for the sake of the lanyard/water bottle combination prize. They keep looking up and into one another’s eyes, both sets of which are gleaming with competition and something else that Boyd probably doesn’t want to think about. At one point he coughs uncomfortably as a reminder of the fact that he’s there, and one of them glances up at him.

“I’m Catherine by the way,” she says casually. Then a wicked grin overtakes her face. She nods at her—competitor? Friend? “That’s Sammi. She’d tell you herself but it’s pretty hard for her to talk while she’s doing this. Doesn’t have the natural talent for it, needs to save her breath… you know.”

On cue, Sammi looks up and glowers. “Shut up, Kitty.”

Catherine flushes but looks pleased with herself for having gotten Sammi’s attention. Boyd finds himself thinking longingly of third wheeling with Alicia and Liam, during which at least everyone knows where they stand. 

“Hey Mr. McCall!” Catherine calls out, looking over Boyd’s shoulder. “I’m about to beat Sammi for the record.”

Boyd only has a moment to process this before he feels Scott walk from behind him to his left side. He glances over and finds Scott already smiling at him, the bright sincerity of his expression disconcertingly close.

“I don’t know, Catherine, Sammi looks like she’s giving you a run for your money,” Scott says. He doesn’t look away from Boyd. “Hey.”

Boyd opens his mouth, trying to force himself to get something out—anything, just a simple hi, this shouldn’t be so difficult—when a shrill bell rings directly over his head. Catherine and Sammi groan and push themselves to stand, collecting their backpacks quickly.

“We have class,” Catherine explains. “But we won, right?”

Boyd nods quickly, tearing his eyes away from Scott to offer them their prizes. Catherine takes both lanyards, and Sammi looks like she’s about to complain.

But then Catherine places one of them over Sammi’s head for her. She reaches around Sammi’s neck to sweep her long black hair out from under it. “Not bad, Sammi," she murmurs. "You almost beat me that time.”

Sammi blinks slowly for a few moments before she seems to come back to the present. Her dark skin doesn’t flush the same color as Catherine’s did, but she looks vaguely embarrassed.

“Shut up, Kitty,” she finally mutters, but reaches for the other girl’s wrist and gently tugs her away.

Boyd glances at Scott, who has a bemused but fond expression on his face.

“Some days I feel like I’m submerged in, like, an ocean of teenage hormones,” Scott says quietly. Boyd can’t suppress a snort at that.

Scott grins and then lifts several Subway bags into Boyd’s view. “I brought lunch.”

Boyd blinks in surprise. Before he can (try to) say anything, Scott is talking again.

“I noticed that you always have your shifts during the lunch periods, which makes sense, but then I wondered how you eat lunch? Or when you eat it?” Scott looks inexplicably and rather overly concerned. “And I happened to talk to Isaac about it and he said that you guys have to wake up really early to do other work things in the mornings, so you might not get to eat lunch until super late. And he also said that sometimes he thought you skipped lunch, which is super bad to be honest, you should never skip a meal.” Scott’s brows are furrowed and he’s frowning. If Boyd wasn’t squirming under the feeling of Scott’s disappointment, he’d be scoffing at the notion of Scott adopting a chastising tone. “But anyway, I brought some lunch so you could eat.”

“Well… thanks,” Boyd finds himself saying, and before he can register the fact that he finally managed to speak again, Scott’s beaming and emptying the bags on Boyd’s table.

“I wasn’t sure what you like,” Scott says, laying five sandwiches side by side, “So I got a veggie, a turkey,