McCall so much as breathed too hard. And McCall took them every damn time, without question. Even in the middle of the field. Seriously. You don't humiliate your bros like that in front of the entire team unless you're getting off on it.

They've escalated this year though. Ever since McCall got over the asthma thing, which, tangent here, doesn't happen that suddenly, okay? It makes me wonder how long Stilinski was making him take the meds - or fake meds, since you need a prescription to get that shit, whatever - just to do their Dom-sub thing. Maybe they should have kept going with that though, because now Stilinski rides his ass about everything else. Don't look at me like that, the guy can't even go to take a shit during a chem test without Stilinski following him to the bathroom.

Actually, now that I think about it, that one might have been something else. They were both gone for a really long time, and doing it during school hours is supposed to be a rite of passage or something.

Doing it at school isn't gross! I would totally do it at school if everyone didn't think I had cooties. And they've definitely been doing it at school more than once. I mean, come on. What about after the first game this season? The one where McCall saved the day in the last few minutes? Yeah, that one. McCall went into the locker rooms with the new girl, Allison? And then Stilinski went in after them. Then Allison came out and Stilinski and McCall stayed in there for a while. What do you think they were doing? Gossiping? Yeah right.

I'm not saying they only do it at at school though. Because, dude, they both have single parents who work practically around the clock. So they've got their houses to themselves a lot, and who wouldn't take advantage of that? So if they're scrounging for free time during practice and classes, they've got to be going at it like bunnies.

You think McCall's with Allison? Seriously? She's totally his beard, man. It's why Stilinski felt safe ramping up the public humiliation thing this year. I mean, clearly McCall cares about her, but it's more of a sisterly thing, you know? Like how he agreed to go out with her and Lydia and Jackson to make sure she got a spot in the popular clique even though McCall hates Jackson. Or how he agreed to accompany her to Lydia's party so that she'd have someone to talk to if things didn't go well for her? Or how he arranged for Jackson to be her winter formal date? Or how she agreed to repay him for helping her socially by helping him academically? It's a totally balanced and totally platonic friendship. There's nothing about what they've been doing to even suggest that McCall is interested in her. I mean, seriously! He even danced with Danny at the winter formal, and no guy in his right mind would do that if their incredibly hot girlfriend were standing less than ten yards away.

Why would he dance with Danny if Stilinski were only a few feet away? Come on, you're not that dumb. Stilinski is worried about people catching on to them, so obviously he can't dance with McCall at a school event. Leaving him with Danny is safe though, because everyone knows Danny's already got a hot date and he doesn't double time his partners.

Besides, Danny's hot. Stilinski's been panting after him for a while now; maybe he was trying to get Danny to join them in a three-way. Even if he wasn't, it's practically sacrilegious to pass up an opportunity to dance with Danny.

Wait, you really don't believe me about Scott and Allison? Why? Because they skipped school at the same time that one day? No way, man. It's gotta be coincidence. I mean, McCall misses shit with Stilinski all the time, but then he and Allison happen to be absent on the same day once and you think they're boning? I know McCall doesn't skip that often, but we know jack about Allison's habits. She's a year older than us, you know; she might have been held back for playing hookie too much.

And what about lacrosse? Stilinski and McCall always skip practice together. I've never seen one of them on the field when the other one wasn't there, and they miss a lot. At least, they used to before Stilinski stopped making McCall fake asthma. And let's be honest, they're sneaking around for alone time together and during practice is one of the best times to get nasty in the locker rooms or in the car or wherever. Your parents expect you to be at practice, and it's not like Coach keeps a close