up in sporadic rhythm, “Derek, c’mon.”

“Please what?” Derek rasps, breath hot in Stiles’ ear.

“Get in me,” and now it’s not a plea, it’s an order. Derek can tell by the way that Stiles’ voice drops an octave when he says it.

“Fuckin teenagers,” Derek chuckles, “you get hard so fast.”

Stiles shoots him a glaring look, even though it’s clouded by lust, and presses a firm palm onto the bulge in Derek’s jeans.

Derek makes a sound at that, “Touche,” he grants, and continues to shower Stiles with sharp kisses. 

In a few minutes, they’re fucking despite the tight space. Stiles with half his clothes still on, sweat clinging to his t-shirt and his red sweater pooling at his wrists -- Derek with his pants undone, slipping off his ass gracelessly as he slams into Stiles. The alpha dips his head into the younger boy’s chest, furrowing his eyebrows and biting into the bit of exposed collarbone. Stiles pants and gasps like he’s fighting to find air, clamps a hand to his tightly squeezed eyes and alternates between that and wrapping it around the back of Derek’s thigh, urging him to go deeper, faster, oh my god Derek please. His knees are bent and pushed back to his own shoulders, and even though the muscles in his legs ache and can’t bear to go any further, he still tries. Still spreads himself wider and wider. Because it never feels like he has enough of Derek, not even when he’s deep inside of Stiles and every inch of them is plastered against each other.

When they come, it’s almost unexpected. Stiles shoots first, as usual – but Derek is always quick to follow. They can hardly feel the stickiness of it, because the temperature in the car had rapidly risen and has caused the windows to fog up, so they both have beads of sweat threatening to drip down their chins and don’t feel the come until they’re cooling down. Derek’s head has dropped onto Stiles’ shoulder, and there’s a comfortable silence as the two take a few minutes to regain their oxygen.

“If I wasn’t getting rid of my baby tomorrow, I don’t know if I’d be happy about this,” Stiles says when his heart rate is almost back to normal, eyeing the mess. He nuzzles against Derek’s arm contentedly.

Derek looks at him, unconvinced by that statement, because to be honest, Stiles probably wouldn’t even properly notice it until the next day. Even then, he’d probably just throw a mini blanket over the seats to cover it up and smile every time he looked back at it. 

-

Another half hour passes, and they spend that time just talking, half-sitting and half-spread across the back seats comfortably. It's the normal random stuff that they talk about when they're not having sex – Stiles’ WoW breakthroughs (which Derek mindfully nods along to even though he doesn't understand at least half of the terminology), Scott stuff, how Derek needs to update his driver’s license, pack drama, the fact that Lydia and Jackson have gotten back together for the millionth time and are breaking up again because they’re going to different colleges, and then. And then Stiles falls silent, and Derek knows why. But he doesn’t say anything because he doesn’t want to bring it up if Stiles doesn’t want to. When he crawls up right next to Derek, however, the impending discussion is literally hanging by a single thread.

“I don’t wanna go,” Stiles murmurs into Derek’s face, arms wrapped steadily around his neck. “Don’t make me go.”

Derek smiles in spite of himself. He smiles even though he can’t bear to think that in just a week, the boy next to him will be in a town that isn’t Beacon Hills. 

He runs his thumb over the small of Stiles’ back, still covered by his t-shirt. “Don’t say that,” Derek soothes, “you’ll have a great time.”

Stiles shakes his head, keeping it buried at the alpha’s neck, no doubt to hide the wetness in his eyes that Derek can feel against his own warm skin. He strokes Stiles’ short hair, the little tufts that have been growing out ever since Derek admitted that he liked to have a bit of hair to hold onto. 

“Why’d I choose a place so far away?” he complains, muffled, breathing in Derek’s scent as if it’s the last time he’ll get to do that. Derek tries to ignore that thought. “I mean, who’s gonna look after my dad? And Scott? You know he can’t make a decision of any remote intelligence without me. Ugh. You could’ve stopped me, you know. Actually you should