The girl next to her, that confident and badass girl in the school was indeed an enigma, but the more they talked, the more she got Mikaela to open up, the stronger that one thought in her head became – they will be great friends, Scott be damned.

Before she left, Mikaela has always the one that needed to be dragged out of bed in the mornings, now she was always up first – whether it was a week day or weekend, she was always up at six on the dot. At first, she did that to get an hour to sort her thoughts, to clear her mind of all the ‘what if’s, but it soon became the only hour when she was truly alone with no threat hanging over her head. She needed that hour; an hour to be just Mikaela, normal and invisible.

And just as she was up and running at six, she always came back at seven – usually through the door, but this wasn’t her old apartment.

Mikaela was staying in her old room and the only thing separating her and Scott? A freaking thin wall. Sure, it gave her the perfect opportunity to bring home a girl and drive Scott up the walls… But the simple though of what could the idiot do to said girl? Big, red NOPE.

She hopped on the bed and groaned – she had to find a place soon, a place to call her own because, as much fun as sharing was, her stupidly unmoving desire to be independent in McCall’s eyes was too powerful; she’ll be moving out today anyway. She sighed again as she took hold of her laptop and leaned against the shared wall.

“Wanna stay home another day?” came her mother’s voice through the wall.

Mikaela rolled her eyes, but focused on the conversations – if he couldn’t handle one close call with the big bad alpha, then how will he survive in all this? Welp, not her problem…

“No”

“Want a brand-new car?”

The brunette could imagine now big and hopeful her brother looked and barely suppressed her laugh.

“Ah, me too.”

After all, she knew her mother.

“This isn’t just about what happened at the school, right? I mean, it’s about what’s her name and your sister coming home. Do you want to talk about it?”

Mika tensed – ‘Not a great start for a heart-to-heart conversation, mom…’

“Not with you.”

“Hey! I’ve been through a few break-ups myself, you know? Disastrous ones. And it’s been two years, Scott… Give your sister a chance.”


‘After a thousand years, maybe.’


“I don’t care about your break-ups, mom. I’m getting her back.” Was the last thing she heard after a door closed -bathroom door if she assumed correctly.

The brunette sighed and closed her laptop. You’d think that after two years of being ignored, she’d stop caring.

She got dressed in record time and was about to jump over her window when her mother entered her room.

“You know we have a door, right?”

“Yes, but that offers the possibility of Scott so window appeals more to me…”

“Mikaela…”

Mikaela groaned “Look, mom… I love you, okay? I can’t put into words what you keeping an open mind means to me, but I can’t. Not now.”

Her mother nodded “Just… Don’t isolate yourself, okay?” Mika nodded “You’re going to Lydia’s?”

Now the young girl smiled “No, actually.”

“Then…?”

She could hear the suggestion in her mother’s voice clear as day. She laughed “It’s not like that. She’s… Well, she’s Scott’s ex-girlfriend, Allison.”

“And you’re picking her up because?”

Mikaela rolled her eyes “I’m not flirting with Scott’s crush, mom. Her father’s been adamant about driving her to school and Allison kind of said I’ll give her a ride. I’m just helping a friend.”

And with that she jumped over the window, slowly making her way to the edge of the roof.

“You know we have to talk about where do you have that car from and where will you be staying exactly sooner or later.”

“Later sounds good!”



------------------------------------



“I am so, so sorry about that!”

“Oh, shut up! I already told you it was no big deal.”

Allison smiles, not believing the younger girl “My dad grilling you was no big deal?”

“He didn’t grill me, per say… I mean, it’s not like he’s in that red car that’s been following us since we left your house.”

The older girl chuckled “Yeah, that’s why I needed an out. He’s just so over protecting sometimes.” She sighed “I need