continued to stand in front of him, looking him up and down.

And now what? Stiles thought to himself. What do I do now?

But it was Scott who made the next move. Stepping closer and pushing Stiles up against the door to where they had just entered. Smothering his body with his own. Moulding them together as he pressed his lips to Stiles’ once more.

“Have you got any idea what you’re doing to me?” Stiles moaned into Scott’s mouth as he opened his mouth once more to accept Scott’s tongue.

There was no time for words as Stiles felt himself moan into the kiss. Grabbing hold of Scott’s shoulders roughly and spinning him around, so he was the one writhing up against the door and Stiles was in control. He pushed the evidence of his huge erection into Scott’s knee. Letting him know how much this kiss and the closeness between them was turning him on.

Stiles placed both of his hands to the side of Scott’s head as his tongue continued to dance with that of his best friend’s. As he continued to kiss Scott, he grabbed hold of one of Scott’s hands and directed it lower, so he could feel for himself, the outline of his cock.

Scott’s breathing pattern became shallow as his lips parted from Stiles’ once more. He could feel beads of sweat begin to build up on his brow as his hand skimmed lightly over Stiles’ cock. Stiles shuddered. He could feel his whole body start to shake and the lust he felt was beginning to take over.

All rational thought left Stiles’ head as his hands took on a mind of their own. He felt his shaking fingers undo Scott’s dark jeans, sliding them inside and feeling the warmness of Scott’s skin.

Stiles could barely believe what he was doing. What he was being allowed to do.

His cold fingers being granted the access and diving inside Scott’s boxers. Curling his fingers around Scott’s semi-hard cock, Stiles began to stroke it to full hardness which didn’t take long. It was long and smooth and exactly how Stiles had imagined when he was alone in his room at night, thinking about all the things he could do to his best friend.

His fist began to pump harder, as he pulled at Scott’s jeans roughly with his other hand, pulling them down his hips and giving himself a better look at what he was doing in the dim darkness. Stiles knew exactly what he was doing as he wrapped his fingers around the length, pulling back the foreskin to reveal the glistening head that was leaking precum rapidly.

“Dude, your dick...”

More kisses followed as Stiles continued his attentions on Scott’s cock, jacking his best friend off. It was all too much for both of them. Scott let himself moan and cry out into Stiles’ mouth as he felt himself close, his chest rising and falling as he panted and tried to regain control of his own body.

Stiles could sense that Scott was close and quickly pulled his hand away, sinking to his knees in an instant. He circled Scott’s balls around in the palm of his hand before steadying his hand on his cock, his mouth building up with saliva as it watered and he slowly stuck his tongue out to lick down Scott’s shaft.

“Ugh, fuck Stiles...”

Scott shuddered and moaned once more, nodding his head frantically and that was all the invitation Stiles needed as he began to take Scott’s throbbing cock deep inside his mouth. His cheeks hollowing as he let it hit the back of his throat, wanting to take as much as he could, relishing the salty taste and slowly building up a rhythm.

Stiles began to suck from base to tip as if sucking on a lollipop. Opening up his eyes to see Scott’s cock moving in and out of his mouth, saliva steadily dripping down his chin as he feasted on the meat. Scott closed his eyes. Lost in the intensity of the moment and the wonder of the mouth, sucking on him and bringing him so much pleasure. It was overwhelming.

Stiles hummed on the cock stuffed so deeply in his wet mouth, sending vibrations throughout Scott’s body and making him tremble as Stiles’ fingers began to move around his body, leaving his heavy balls and working their way around to stroke at his butt cheeks and his waiting hole.

It didn’t take much probing. Slowly, but with little patience, he began to breech Scott’s tight ring of muscle that he was sure had never been touched in that way before. He added one, and then two fingers as he continued to suck on Scott’s cock.

“Shit, I’m gonna...” Were the only words that Scott could manage as Stiles continued his duel attentions on his friend’s body. Scott was hitting the back of Stiles’ throat over and over again and was being swallowed fully.  Until both of them couldn’t take any more. 

Stiles had found Scott’s spot and was rubbing his index finger over it,