
"Now, shall we dance?"



Today again a beautiful young man comes to me
That smiling you will become my new favourite


Harry stands at the doorstep, staring at the beautiful face before him, feeling his free will being crushed and replaced with a compulsion to follow this beautiful man's wishes.


A forbidden deal with the devil, this power placed in my hands
All the men that look at me are falling enchanted


Voldemort smiles to himself. This lovely young man was his.
'Oh, Harry, how long have I been waiting for this?” he says gently.


With the power to charm men
The man, to the basement of the mansion where he lives alone
Brings one by one the young men he likes
Building up his harem



The taste of libido that hid poison, the pleasure of the blade that cut
Blood and sweat mixed together, turn before long into drops of purple
Once the clothes come off, there’s no return to reality


Voldemort scrapes the blade along the boy's back, entranced by the beautiful noises he makes, writhing underneath him. He enters the warm body and loses himself to the frantic movement of his new lover.


[Serial disappearances of young males throughout England – Missing Persons List, Vol. 1
Cedri Diggory: 20, auror
Draco Malfoy: 18, aristorat
Sirius Black: 32, unemployed
Seamus Finnigan: 18, fortune teller
Fred Weasley: 22, joke shop owner
George Weasley: 22, joke shop owner
Neville Longbottom: 20, herbologist
Colin Creevey: 16, baker
Remus Lupin: 32, unemployed]



My old portraits were burned; I abandoned my past self
I want to forget that face that everyone ridiculed and laughed at


Voldemort watches as all evidence of Tom Marvolo Riddle is burnt away.


I kiss the lovely boy as I embrace him
He was my worst enemy, one that made a fool out of me


Harry complies easily, Voldemort tasting his lips slowly, savouring the taste.
Never will Harry again raise his wand at him.


From a certain day on, the young men from all over the country
One by one, they became lost without notice
Some were husbands; some lost their sons
And didn’t know what to do



The tone of libido dyed in darkness; an infinite passion without stop
Illusions, the understanding of everything; I am no longer a person
Doing depravities in defiance of God, this is the night of madness I wished for


Voldemort kisses all over Harry's body, marking the skin, claiming it. He finally has that which he longed for since he first laid his eyes on the beautiful boy. Now noone can stop him, he has everything he has ever wished for.


[Serial disappearances of young males in England – Missing Persons List, Vol. 2



Viktor Krum: 21, Quidditch player
Theodre Nott: 18, unspeakable
Blaise Zabini: 18, beautician
Barty Crouch Jr.: 32, spy
Charlie Weasley: 24, Dragon tamer
Terry Boot: 18, journalist
Rodolphus LeStrange: 35, unemployed
Randolph Burrow: 20, quidditch player
Rabastan LeStrange: 36, duelling teacher]



Today again a beautiful young man comes to me
Come into my embrace, let’s dance in this harem
After you approach me, I hold you close with a smile; in that instant
Suddenly there is a sharp pain and blood dyes my chest


Voldemort looks up and sees brilliant red hair slip from under the wig.
“You stole Harry from me, now you will die.” Ginny says, fire in her eyes.


A young woman that searched for her lost love
She found out his whereabouts: the mansion where the devil dwelled
The young woman disguised as a man approached the devil
And stabbed him in the chest with a blade


Ginny had been looking for her Harry for 3 years, now they would be reunited.


Pierced by the blade that hid poison
I collapsed in that place
Blood and sweat mixed together, are turning before long into drops of purple
My arts broken, the young men all came to their senses and fled the mansion
The last one that left the mansion looked at me for just a second
It was my old enemy....Wait!


Harry lingers, looking at Voldemort with sad eyes. He never hated the man, he probably could've loved him if the other hadn't subdued him with magic against his will. It was this betrayal that Harry hated the most.


I haven't told yet that I love you 


Voldemort breathes his last, surrounded by darkness, clutching his chest with a hand stained with purple blood. Alone.