angel’s shoulders and he holds on as though all hell would break loose if he let Cas out of his grasp again. Somewhere in the background he maybe hears Sam’s sloppy attempt to make sense of his too-long limbs and get up, but he’s still clutching on to Cas, thinking he’s back, he’s alive over and over in his head like a desperate mantra.

“Dean…” the angel seems taken aback by the sudden closeness and squirms a little within the embrace. Dean reluctantly draws away and it feels like all the moisture in his body has run up to his eyes, because his mouth feels dry and unable to make a single sound while the two treacherous optical organs are attempting to make a giant crybaby out of him.

“You’re alive?” Sam saves him asking the question which is weighing his tongue down like lead. Castiel turns around to look coolly at him and nods hesitantly.

“How’d you get out?” Dean finally regains control of himself. “I was there, and angel of the Lord or not, you can’t have made it out alone after all that,” he says sourly, recalling the drop in his stomach when Castiel’s sweaty, dirty fingers slipped through his own and he saw the angel fall out of sight before he was consumed by blinding blue light. He could still feel the desperation of Cas’ call for him reverberating through his whole being, suddenly feeling short of air.

“I don’t know,” the angel’s gaze drops guiltily.

“How can you not know?” Dean’s voice lowers a little and he clenches his fists. He’s frustrated and fucking sick of always being in the dark about everything. Sam walks up to them and pushes Dean away from Cas a little with a gentle pull on his shoulder.

“So… how long have you been back?” he cuts in before Dean can start being a bitch and scare away the angel again. The older Winchester understands this all too well and begrudgingly shuts his mouth in favour of carefully looking at Cas – it seems like he’s barely even standing and could break any moment. Dean’s not even going to try to label how many kinds of wrong that is. He’s supposed be a bloody Angel of the Lord. Hell, he even became God for a while.

And now he was swaying on his feet, covered in blood and dirt, looking like death warmed over. He’s unresponsive. Dean’s shoulders drop as a wave of guilt washes over him so strongly he feels sick, so he does the only thing he can think of and throws Castiel’s arm over his own shoulder and begins to drag him slowly towards the motel, careful at every step. The angel’s eyelids keep fluttering shut and his head bobs up and down as he tries to fight exhaustion. It’s such a disturbingly human thing to do, that Dean doesn’t even know what to think of it – so he ignores it altogether and carries on walking, dismissing his brother’s insistent chattering he can hear from a few steps behind them.

He holds onto Castiel tightly and pushes forward. It’s a start.



❖

When Cas is cleaned up and resting on the bed, Dean still can’t calm down. Sammy is telling him not to blame himself or something, he doesn’t really care. He sits by the angel’s side and nervously fidgets with his hands. It’s his fault that the angel had to go through all that. He watches quietly as Castiel’s eyes snap open almost mechanically and he sits up, stiff angel movements and all.

“Dean,” he says, staring unblinkingly at the hunter with those intense eyes, which somehow seem cooler than ever, making Dean’s stomach twist and turn uncomfortably.

“How are you feeling?” he forces himself to ask, his voice just a little too light, trying to avoid Castiel’s intrusive gaze.

“My physical form has fully recovered.”

The angel shifts a little, not letting Dean look away.

“What did Sam mean, that you missed me so much you almost died from grief?” Cas asks levelly.

He clearly has no idea how much it costs Dean not to scoff and bury himself in denials seven inches thick. The thing is, he can’t lie to Cas, not after dishonesty had once ruined everything between them and pushed the world to the brink of destruction.

“When did he say that?” he replies, surprised slightly and maybe he’s stalling just a little longer because this is what Dean Winchester, denial extraordinaire, does.

“When you were helping me walk back here,” Castiel replies calmly, though maybe there’s a slight hint of urgency buried in there. Dean runs a hand through his hair nervously, but he smiles anyway. Hell, maybe he will scare Cas off or whatever, but at least the lucky feathered bastard is alive and safe again.

“There was this creature… a Letun or something,” Dean finally says, not really knowing where to start