, not in the last fourteen years.

“Just…take your father’s journal and run, please,” she begged, putting her bloodied hand over his gently. “I’ve lost too much blood anyway. Please, run. They will be back up soon.” She coughed blood and Dean couldn’t stand this anymore.

“Just… shut up, Mom, I’ll get you out,” he didn’t want the useless journal. It was a worthless relic of a man who left them many years ago. He’d rather have his mom, alive. He picked her up as gently as he could and ran down the stairs and towards the car. He could already hear the Demon’s cursing and snarling as they chased after him. He was just placing Mary on the back seat of the Impala, trying his best to ignore the pool of blood under his hands, when one of the Demons caught up to him. He had a knife out and tried to aim for Dean, but he was faster.

Betting it all on one punch, he smashed his fist into the Demon’s jaw, sending him almost flying backwards. Not looking back, Dean jumped into the front seat of his car and drove off at full speed, leaving the enraged two men in the darkness behind.

“Dean…” Mary choked out weakly from the back seat. “The journal…”

“Will you stop with the stupid journal!” Dean practically screamed, chastising himself for it a second later. “Let’s get you some help. Don’t quit on us now, not after everything.”

“Dean… please…” Mary coughed and Dean listened to his own frantic heartbeat, mindlessly driving forward. It took him a long moment to realise she didn’t continue. Worried, he whipped his head around. Mary’s eyes stared at the roof of the car lifelessly.

“No! Mom!”

He slammed his foot down on the brake in panic and squeezed through the gap between the front seats into the back.

“Mom?”



❖

Sam was having a nice, quiet lunch with Jess , who was excitedly chattering away about a friend of hers who managed to fail every single test in the academic year even though she studied every day, when the ding of the doorbell snapped him out of all thoughts of just taking the little jewellery box out of his pocket.

“Did you invite anyone? We never get unexpected visitors,” Jess frowned in confusion. She had a little bread crumb stuck to her lip, it was adorable, if Sam was allowed to think so.

“I’ll get it,” he said quickly, hoping to use a minute to strengthen his resolve to finally propose.

When he opened the door, the sight in front of him was enough to render him speechless with shock.

“Dean?” he choked out after a moment. His brother was covered in dirt, blood and looked like he hadn’t slept all night. There was redness around his eyes, he’d even been crying. Sam’s heart froze.

“I’ll be back in five!” he shouted vaguely into the house and quickly stepped out, closing the door behind them. He didn’t want to let Jess see Dean like this, it would scare her.

Dean stood frozen in front of him, his eyes cast down and empty.

“Dean? What happened?” Sam’s voice shook a little with anxiety.

“Tell Jess to go to someone else for her own safety and stay there for the night. Meet me in the car,” Dean seemed to force himself to say, before stalking off to the Impala with heavy steps.

Sam was confused, but he also knew his brother would not bother him if it wasn’t extremely important. He had always placed Sam before anyone else, much to Sam’s discomfort. He hated knowing how much his brother had sacrificed to make life at least a little normal for him. He’d never asked for it, it was as if Dean had been running on autopilot since the Incident. It was always ‘look out for Sammy. Nothing else matters.’

So he followed Dean’s demand at once, sending a very distraught Jess to her friend’s house for the night, sharing a quick kiss with her before leaving to meet Dean in the car. They drove off quickly and in a tense silence, Dean stared ahead with his lips forming a thin line.

“Mom is dead,” he finally said levelly; voice cold and distant. Sam felt his heart stop for a long moment and then come alive furiously, trying to jump out of his chest.

“What?! How? Dean!” he tried to get his brother to look at him desperately.  “What happened?”

“It was my fault,” Dean ground out and now Sam could see the imminent onset of anger. It was swirling just beneath the surface, he could see it in his brother’s green eyes, which were now shadowed with grief and guilt battling for dominance.

“I’m sure it wasn’t,” Sam reassured. Dean was the