call.

“Edgeworth, why–why are you calling? You probably already know about–you know what happened.” Phoenix said past the lump in his throat. “I can’t help in an official capacity, not anymore.” His hand unconsciously rose to where his badge used to be, fumbling at the empty fabric before he forcibly relaxed.

“Wright, I know how much it’s hurting. I understand.” Edgeworth said bluntly, but not unkindly. “That’s part of the reason why I want to call you out here to help. Los Angeles can’t be good for you right now.” The request for help so blatantly stated was unusal, coming from Edgeworth. Phoenix frowned.

“Out where?”

“Europe.”

He jumped a little. “Europe? Why?!–What happened?”

“I…” Edgeworth’s voice trailed off for a second. “This investigation is going in an unexpected direction. I need someone I can trust with me on this case. Please.”

The plea was what made the decision for Phoenix. He could never refuse to help a friend, even when his life was unraveling.

“Give me two days to get my affairs in order.”

“Thank you, Wright.” He could almost hear Edgeworth’s gratitude, but years of social reticence and aloofness still camouflaged the warmth in his tone. “Check your email. The ticket information should be there in a few minutes.”

Phoenix spent the next three hours talking to Maya, who readily agreed to let Trucy stay with her in Kurain, and begging leave from the Borscht Bowl. He started packing his suitcase.

So, Phoenix Wright was going to Europe.

Phoenix makes puns and the two of them are awkward, and they arrive at the crime scene. The German counterpart to Gumshoe makes an appearance. Kind of.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

The plane ride was noisy, exhausting, and just plain long.

Phoenix was very proud of himself for that one.

“Wright, I swear to god, it’s three in the morning and I don’t have the energy to deal with your stupid puns today.”

“But Edgeworth. It’s my first time on a plane. What kind of person would I be if I didn’t make just plane old jokes?”

Edgeworth’s bottom lip curled. “A normal person.”

Phoenix could feel the grin on his face going sour and his gaze involuntarily drifting down. “Well, we have both never been normal.” Edgeworth’s look was neither pitying nor condemning, only calm. He silently patted him on the shoulder, awkwardly but not unkindly. Phoenix sucked down a quick breath.

“Well, anyway. What is this case that’s so important even you can’t tell me about it over the phone?”

“If I can’t talk about it on the phone, I certainly can’t talk about it here. Get in the car, Wright. I’ll explain on the way.”

“The victim was a man named Mort Emme. He was a prominent member of the current cabinent in office, and the case has been given top priority in the Prosecutor’s Office. That’s also part of the reason why it’s so secretive.” The prosecutor pulled the car, less flashy than the fateful sports car in the Skyes’s case, out onto the highway heading towards downtown Berlin. The streetlights blurred past the darken glass of the passenger window.

Leaning back into the leather seats, Phoenix flipped through the files until he found the victim’s autopsy report. The man apparently died in the early hours of the morning five days ago because someone drove a ceremonial sword of some kind through his heart. His body was found by Claudius Goedde, his most trusted staffer and the prime suspect in the case. The papers in his hands, strangely, felt intentionally vague. 

“What’s with these files? Surely this isn’t all of it.”

“Those are the short versions of the profiles. I have more comprehensive information at our destination.”

“And where are we going?”

“The scene of the crime.”

The police officer on the scene let Edgeworth in readily enough, but eyed Phoenix suspiciously, obviously inspecting his shoddy clothes and sandals, his hat, and the unshaven line of his jaw.

“Zivilisten sind nicht erlaubt.”

While he didn’t have a single idea what he just said, Phoenix has heard that exact tone of voice many, many times before.

Frowning in displeasure, Edgeworth said back, “Er ist mit mir.  Wie der Leiter Staatsanwalt, ich gebe ihm die Erlaubnis. Er ist hier, wie meine … Berater.”


“Aber, Sir!” 



“Ich freue mich auf Ihren nächsten Leistungsbeurteilung, Offizier.”



“J-ja, Sir.” 


The officer still gave him an suspicious look as Phoenix walked past the police tape to the inside the building. 

Standing in the large foyer, Phoenix cracked his knuckles and grinned, feeling the familiar excitement at the beginning of most investigations. 

“Alright,” he said, accepting the gloves from Edgeworth. “Let’s