s obi was tied incorrectly, and there was a magnificent hickey developing at an exposed spot on his neck. 



Genji saw the embarrassed looks they were throwing at each other and at him. He was suddenly glad that his mask hid his face, because he felt the smuggest, most aggravating smile creeping up on his lips. 



“Aaah, I remember my days of intimacy.” He struggled to not laugh aloud. From the expression on Hanzo’s face, he was failing miserably. “Might I suggest bringing a softer padding the next time you pursue such activities in the open? I must say, if there’s one thing I do not miss it’s the chafing that comes with outdoor sex.”



Hanzo pinched the bridge of his nose as McCree asked, “Ya must have a lot of experience with that, huh pardner?” The cowboy said, looking like he was slapping himself internally for even asking. Hanzo looked homicidal.



“Well, neither Dr. Ziegler or you, Anija, were exactly responsible for these particular set of scratches on my behind, if you know what I mean.” 

Kami above, this is too good. Look at how he is blushing! 




“We are never talking about this. Especially 

you, 

fool. 

Never,

” he hissed as McCree opened his mouth again. 



It was a painful walk back for McCree, since Hanzo took every opportunity to step on his foot. Genji resolved to enjoy this for as long as possible.



4.


 


Ana knew right away what was happening.



Oh, don’t give her that look. She lived in the same quarters as one Gabriel Reyes and one Jack Morrison, she’s seen 

all 

the states of two guys going at it. And of course Jesse was going to pull some moves on his boyfriend, the two were like teenagers who couldn’t keep their hands off each other.



That meant, of course, as a concerned (mother) 

mentor 

that she must give sage advice.



“Karma is like 69, kids! You get what you give!” She said cheerfully as she sat down beside Jesse who spat out the mouthful of coffee. The cowboy coughed and coughed.



“OH MY GOD, ANA.” He spluttered, coffee coming out of his nose. Beside him, Hanzo threw Jesse a look of disgust before giving him a tissue to clean himself up before freezing.



“Ana-san…” The archer murmured as what she said slowly processed in his brain. “What…”



“I will have you know,” she said, pulling out a dildo out of a large cloth bag. It had 
FOR DEMONSTRATION PURPOSES ONLY
 written lengthwise on it with black marker. “That whatever your clan told you about sex is nowhere 

near 

as comprehensive as I would like it to be, and very unlikely to be tailored to sex positivity and how to do it with another man. I am therefore the most qualified person to teach you, and it doesn’t hurt for Jesse to get a refresher as well.”



“That is a lie, I got scarred for 

life 

after your talk and 

I DO NOT NEED A REFRESHER ANA,

” Jesse groaned as she continued taking out props from the bag, “Why don’t you bother Fareeha? I’m sure she needs it more than I do!”



“Nope. I don’t care. If I have to repeat this talk every time you start going steady with someone I will actually do it, I don’t trust your memory when it comes to these things and I sure as hell don’t trust the Shimada clan to have taught your boyfriend properly. You two are going to sit in those chairs and listen to 

everything

. Questions are encouraged!”



She then proceeded, in excruciating detail, to teach 

exactly 

what to do for anal sex.



“And I don’t care what you saw in porn, saliva is not a good lubricant!” She said, shoving the little bottles of lube at the couple. “And don’t you dare not use lube, if you don’t then the person receiving will bleed, the person pitching will cry, you’ll both cry and Angela will have to deal with you two at night and trust me, it’s not a fun time for anybody. Always. Use. Lubricant! Remember, make sure to get properly sized condoms, and I sure hope to hell the two of you got tested before you started boning, communication is important. Oh, and remember, if you’re using any sex toys then for the love of Allah 

make sure they’re designed for insertion.

”



Hanzo refused to meet her eyes for the next week afterwards. Ana patted herself on the back and considered it a job well done.


 


5.


 


Angela was, unfortunately, no stranger to amorous activities being conducted in her workspaces. Oh, she protested every time, citing unsanitary conditions and physical exertion being detrimental to the recovery of her patients, but when the people under her care tended to have some pretty close calls it was perhaps understandable that their significant others would want to express their relief. She can understand that.



She has to hold herself back from