single day.

And that is why Hibari Kyouya was currently hiding in the bamboo grove outside of the Sawada estate, glaring at the door like if he stared at it hard enough it would open for him.

"You're not being very subtle, Hibari-san." Tsuna's calm voice came from underneath him, and the prefect huffed before nimbly making his way down the tree.

"Subtlety is unneeded for a carnivore. Especially since omnivores like you give me the slip, so I shall just wait here every single day until you tell me what is going on." Hibari set his jaw mulishly; he could be one of the most stubborn people in the world.

Tsuna only sighed, and sounded like she was about to cry.

"Please…just…stay away from me." She backed away from him, her bandaged arm shielded by her other hand. "Don't come to see me, ever again."

Then, she was gone, and Hibari was staring at the bamboo trees uncomprehendingly for a moment, before he tightened his grip on his tonfa.

"When have I done as you wished?" He snarled, and deep in his heart resolved to at least talk to her again.

 

 

That night, restless and unable to sleep, Hibari slipped out of his bed and made his way to the Sawada house in the pouring rain.

He made his way through the now familiar route through the bamboo trees, his surroundings made strange by the rain and darkness; he jerked his gakuran in annoyance as it snagged on a few branches.

It gave him just enough time to hear the scream echo in the confines of the grove; he took off sprinting, tearing through the trees, and saw—

Blood.

Blood pooling on the ground around a mangled body, something that once was a living human. And there—

Sawada Tsunayoshi stood there, clad in a striking red kimono. There was blood splattered on her face, and her pale lips slowly stretched into a wide, empty smile; in her hand, a sharp blade. Without any other warning, she was upon him, knife flashing in the dim light.

Grunting with the effort, he deflected the knife with his tonfa, and lashed out in successive counterstrikes, trying to knock the girl unconscious, but she was just a tad faster. With a sweep of her feet, Tsuna tripped him and immediately was right on top of Hibari, straddling his waist. He only snarled, baring his teeth savagely even as he tried to shift his weight underneath the girl to get her off. "I am not going to die here."

"…I want to…kill you." She said, her blade held to Hibari's throat.

Her eyes were blank in the rain, looking down at him—

And the next thing he knew was the sensation of her body sinuously jumping backwards—


"Who are you?!"



"I see. You are not ready yet."



Her wrist, slipping out of his grasp as she continued running.



Her red kimono in the light of the incoming car, he was still desperately running forwards, but it was too late, too late—


Impact.


 [You Turn Into Light - End of Childhood] 


No, really, don't look at me, I don't know what the fuck I'm doing.

And yes, this is a DIRECT FUSION of Kara no Kyoukai - the garden of sinners into KHR!. Essentially, fem!Tsuna is Ryougi Shiki while Hibari is Kokutou. Weirdass shit about to go down.

Also, while you can expect KHR! characters to show up as crucial characters in the story, the KHR! storyline events will not happen, chronologically, until after KnK Movie 7, aka A Study in Murder Part II. Also known as, Reborn is gonna be as confused as all heck when that time comes.

Look, I was thinking all about this fic the entire time when I was in Spain, don't ask me why. I probably came up with this while jetlagged.

Tsuna wakes up.

I'm shit at action. I've given it my best shot though, so I'm hoping it works out well, although I'm mostly transcribing the original KnK fight anyway.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


“Vitals?”



“JCS three digits. Blood pressure is 60 by palpation.”



“Get a EKG hooked up, I want a transfusion line stat! Ms. Sawada, can you hear me? Ms. Sawada?”


 

 


There was…no end to it.



 Just cold. And darkness. 



 A starless ocean at night…. 


 

 

“Condition?”


“Blood pressure is low but everything else is stable.”



“Cross-match, now! Intubation complete, let’s get pre-op done. What massive bleeding…get me an extra unit of blood too.” 



“I’m cutting your kimono, Ms. Sawada.”



“Trauma not just to the chest but to the head too. Get Dr. Nakamura in Neurosurgery…”


 

 


So this…this is death…



 There is nothing here. Nothing… 



 Not even… 


「  Myself  」


 Ahhhh… 


 

 

“Excuse me, Ms