the outrageously out of place clothes, his glare would have fit right in with the rough crowd in Ogre Street. Speedwagon then looked closer, and noticed that his glare was not the mean-spirited ones thugs gave but one filled with noble, burning resolution.

(Speedwagon's sight may also be failing him; he was not altogether a young man.)

"If you think I'm going to let you kill him without me beating him up beforehand you have another thing coming. I'm Jotaro Kujo; Dio's pissed off a lot of Joestars and now everyone in the family wants to sock him at least once." 

"Everyone in the family? I thought I was the only remaining branch in the family tree," Jonathan said, shocked.

"We're not talking about sideways on the family tree, we're talking downwards," said another man, this one with a brown hat and gray hair, looking more like the archaeologist Jonathan actually was. The ostentatious throne rooms was starting to get crowded, between Dio and his zombies, Jonathan and the other Hamon users, and apparently more and more of Jonathan's descendants from the future. They milled together in confusion as more people started to argue over who got to tear Dio a new one first.

"He killed Kakyoin, and by proxy Avdol and Iggy," Jotaro said. "He made my mom sick, and made us go all the way to Egypt to kill him. Do you know what I went through, being in the same planes as Jiji, whose bad karma makes him crash every single plane he's on? The old man is literally the worst."

"I...honestly can't argue with that," said the man with the strangely shaped hairstyle, apparently named Josuke. "I mean, he kinda left my mom high and dry after an one-night stand, so that sums up the quality of his character. He's probably not as bad as the bloodsucking crazy bastard though, considering what you've told me about Dio. I'm just here to support you guys; someone else gets first crack at him."

 "And it's going to be me," the girl with green bangs and skin-tight clothing snarled. "His stupid plan to attain 'Heaven' almost killed the entire universe, left Dad in a coma for four months, and framed me and sent me to jail! All of my friends died! I died!"

"How about this," said Jonathan, possibly the only reasonable Joestar present at the moment. "I have my own problems with Dio--namely, he killed my dog, stole my betrothed's first kiss, and killed my dad--"

"Don't forget stole your body," Joseph muttered quietly.

"And stole my body--wait, what?"

"Nothing."

"...how about we all beat him up?"

It was at around this time that the zombies recovered a bit from their shock. They became restless, and with screeches tried to attack the small cluster of Joestars.

As one, the group of Joestars turned to stare at the sneering zombie masses with the most unimpressed looks anyone in the room has ever seen.

"Give me a fucking break." Jotaro grimaced. "I may have gotten my PhD in marine biology, but I've still read the SPWF's documents on Stands. And the main thing that matters right now is that Stands are essentially highly concentrated manifestations of Hamon, or the sun's energy. Which means this!"


"ORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORA!!!"


"「OH MY GOD!」Jotaro, warn a man before you disintegrate vampires!"

Dio Brando at least had the decency to not attack them when Jonathan's great-grandson with a face like a thug had pulverized at least two dozen of his zombies; he was outnumbered and possibly outskilled, for all he knew. The vampire made eye contact with Jonathan, and for once they traded understanding looks, as they were the only sane people in the room.

"Now that I think about it, Jojo," Dio began to say. Jonathan had the ungentlemanly urge to strangle him before he opened his stupid vampire mouth and made everything worse than it already was. "This isn't fair. You have all these descendants coming back for you and I don't even get one?"

A blond man promptly appeared out of the ether and punched him in the face with a loud "MUDA!"

"I suppose that answers the question," Speedwagon said, numbly. He has lost all sense of normality tonight, but that's nothing new.

The rest of the night was spent trying the pry the blond off of Dio, who was punching him repeatedly and saying things like "You were never there!" and "Why did you think leaving me with my mom was a good idea? You fucked up a perfectly good kid, is what you did. Look at me! I've got abandonment issues!"

"Giorno, you fucking cut in line! I wanted to rip him apart!" Jolyne screamed as she tried to hold him back with her string. 

"Well too bad! I have a mind