looking away from that face.

"Well, aren't you a sight for sore eyes?" Is the first thing out of Kakyoin's mouth, and Jotaro resists the urge to laugh and cry at once.

Instead, he tugs at the brim of his hat, his grip crushing the stiff material, and pulls it over his face in a movement almost instinctual at this point. A small, strained smile struggles over his face anyway, his lips curling around the unfamiliar sensation. "Yare yare daze," Jotaro says, and it feels just like falling back into old patterns, like they were still in the middle of the desert late at night, talking quietly so that the others won't wake up.

"It's been...a while, hasn't it?" Kakyoin steps forward and closes the last bit of distance so that they are standing face to face, just shy of touching. It takes everything Jotaro has to just keep himself from collapsing onto the shorter man, to lean on him and let out years and years of pain and guilt. Instead, he stays standing, if barely.

Kakyoin only smiles gently, like he never left, like he knew exactly what Jotaro is thinking, and holds out his hand.

"Walk with me? We still have a little ways to go."

Kakyoin's hand feels real and solid against his own, and this all feels real, this feels right. Taking a deep breath, Jotaro braces himself and injects what little steel he has left into his spine, straightening up.

Together, they start a slow pace, hand in hand as they wade deeper. The ocean is strangely mirror-like, and he can see the two of them reflected clearly in the water against the vivid blue. Kakyoin looks odd juxtaposed next to him; he looks exactly like he did that last night all those years ago -- green school uniform, cherry earrings, the thin scars over his eyes, forever frozen as the seventeen-year-old he died as. Jotaro, on the other hand, looks...older. Maybe it's the small crow's feet at the corners of his eyes, the way his shoulders slouch as he stumbles forward.

Kakyoin is patient, the way he always was with him. After the third time they stop to let Jotaro catch his breath, Kakyoin sits down instead, the water coming waist high as he pulls the older man down with him. They watch the edge of the horizon where the sea somehow blended into the sky.

"Did you..." The words get stuck in Jotaro's throat, but he forces them out anyway; he has to know. "...did you ever blame...?"

"No. Never."

"But--"

"Never, Jotaro. I've never, ever blamed you for what happened that night. You did not abandon me to die; there wasn't anything else you could have done."

"I could have stayed with you." Jotaro whispers. "I could have saved you. I shouldn't have--"

Kakyoin puts a finger against his lips, shutting him up. "No, none of that. You saved me already, long before that night. Here, repeat after me: There wasn't anything else I could have done." Jotaro opens his mouth to protest, trying to apologize to him anyway, and Kakyoin shoots him a familiar look, the one that's equal parts exasperated and annoyed.

"Th-there wasn't any...anything else I could have done." 

"And Kakyoin--" Here, the redhead's eyes soften. "Kakyoin Noriaki knows that, and forgives me wholly, even though there was no fault on my part."

"A-and Kakyoin Nori-Noriaki...knows that, and...forgives..." He tries to swallow around the huge lump in his throat and fails. "...Forgives..."

To his own bemusement, Jotaro touches his face and his fingertips come away wet.

Wordlessly, Kakyoin wraps his arms around his shoulders. Years of guilt, of thinking I could have saved him, comes pouring out of him as he melts into the embrace. He cries for all the times he had to leave Jolyne alone, he cries for the times he woke up late at night and couldn't cry, he cries for all those people who got dragged into the Joestar family's own little tragedy.

But mostly, mostly he cries because he is forgiven.

"So," Jotaro finally says. He feels empty, light, like he has dumped out everything building up inside him all at once. "What now?"

"Now," The other says, taking his hand again. "This is the part where you kiss me. Tell me, do you like romantic movies?"

 "Well, I usually don't, but with you..." He smiles. "I can make an exception."

They kiss, and it's like coming home.

"Just like a romantic comedy," Kakyoin teases, and Jotaro couldn't help but grin. "And now, we have to go diving."

"I hope this isn't going to end up