up to crash his lips upon his, his hand coming up to cup the back of his neck with a soft groan. Nick cupped Harry's cheek in his hand, smiling into the kiss. After a while, Nick pulled away, with a quick peck on Harry's nose.

  "Best first kiss ever," Harry giggled, nuzzling their noses together.

  Present day

  Nick sighs as he sets the bottle down on the counter. He did so much for Harry but really? The love of his life - he knows he's being melodramatic but whatever - broke up with him over some stupid argument.

  Now the empty bottles of liquor keep him company.

  The second vodka bottle is almost empty and Nick has half a mind to finish it before dinner. Maybe.

  He just wants to forget about it all.


  Flashback 3


  "For love of God," Harry giggled as Nick has been driving along for last half-hour, "will you please tell me where the fuck we're going?"

  "But that'd spoil all the fun!" Nick swatted at Harry's thigh, maybe a little too close to his dick area. "C'mon, Harold. I promise you will like it."

  Nick didn't have to glance over to Harry to see that he was sporting a pout. It was bloody obvious his boyfriend of two weeks was pouting just because he wouldn't tell him where they were headed. He drove for another ten minutes until they were at their destination.

  "What's that for?" Harry raised an eyebrow when Nick took a mat with him. 

  "You'll see."

  They walked for twenty minutes until they reached the top of a nameless hill. They could see the stars above them if they looked up.

  "Sit," Nick told Harry as he put the mat on the grass, grinning wide. "And let's stargaze for a while."

  "I don't think I'd want to do much of stargazing," Harry mumbled as he laid next to Nick, obeying and looking up in the sky. "You're the best boyfriend ever, Nicholas Grimshaw."

  "I try my best, Harry Styles," he leant over to peck his boyfriend's cheek. "I hope I could keep you with me forever."

  "I'll be yours as long as you aren't tired of me," Harry, apparently, didn't really want to spend time stargazing because he rolled over and straddled Nick's hips, his lips hovering over Nick's, blocking out the view of the starlit sky. "Which I hope to be a long time."

  "I won't ever get tired of you, babe," Nick leant up to press their lips together. "Forever and always, Harry."

  "Forever and always."

  They kissed underneath a trillion stars until they saw the first daylight.


  Present day


  Nick feels like shit now. Harry said forever and always but look at them now, both single. Harry took a larger part in that but that doesn't make Nick's heart any less broken. Really, he feels like he's lost everything now.

  Finchy keeps telling him he's going to find someone new soon enough but Nick thinks that's bollocks. There's never going to be another Harry Styles for him and he fucking knows it.

  He glances at the half-empty second bottle of vodka and grabs it again. Why the fuck not? He's nothing to live for without Harry. He's quick to bring the bottle to his lips and take a swig from the burning liquid.

  Yeah, this is how he lives now.

  He puts the bottle down only once there's barely any left there and reaches into his pockets to produce a pack of cigarettes. Harry never liked him smoking but he isn't here to stop him and lecture him on it anymore so yeah. He balances the fag between his lips and lights it up, then puffs out a cloud of smoke.

  Nick needs to relax.

  Flashback 4

  "Harold," Nick groused when Harry woke him up at 10AM on a bloody Saturday. When it wasn't the weekdays, he didn't need to wake up at godawful time of 4AM to get ready for Breakfast Show, so it only was natural for him to be grumpy when his boyfriend had terrible idea of waking him up so early. "It's not even noon!"

  "But I made breakfast for you!" Nick didn't have to open his eyes to see Harry pouting. "And I nearly burnt my finger for that!"

  "Well, that's a sign you shouldn't cook then," Nick grumbled as he threw a pillow over his head to block out Harry's voice. "Would you please let me sleep for another couple hours, babe?"

  "I. Made. You. Breakfast," Harry repeated himself slowly, like Nick couldn't understand English properly. "Now get out of the bed and eat it!"

  "But Harold," Nick complained, getting the hint that his boyfriend wouldn't leave