the battered, broken, bloody one here.”

“What the actual hell?” Zayn is proper confused.

 

“Unrequited love, my dear Zayn,” Harry leans up and presses his dainty, pink lips to Zayn’s ear, for once taking control. “Is a scary thing.

 

How would you know about it?

 

-

 

Harry should feel like shit that he let Zayn know—sort of—that he loves the bully but since when was his life in order? If Zayn was to reject him, screw that, he has his friends.

 

“You’re awfully quiet after visiting your never-going-to-be in-laws,” Niall teases, a bowl-full of caramel popcorn in front of him. “Shouldn’t you be gushing?”

“I have no chance with him when he doesn’t even know what real love is.”

 


-



 



Christmas


 

“No mails during holidays—oh hi Zayn,” Harry rubs at his eyes, still donning his pyjamas, looking at a preppy-dressed Zayn. “Wha—what brings you here?”

“For my promise, you stupid nerd,” Zayn rolls his eyes, offering a gloved hand. Wow, is that not a leather glove for once? “C’mon, gas is pricey these days.”

“You come from a wealthy business man’s family,” Harry rolls his eyes. “Wait, I’m not dressed!”

“And let you wear nerd clothes to where I’m taking you for lunch? Hell no,” Zayn is dragging Harry by force now. “Your clothes are all picked out. I, um, guessed the size.”

 

Using the backseat space to get changed isn’t as easy as it sounds. First, it’s cramped, and for a guy who’s nearly 180cm at the age of seventeen, it’s really cramped. Second, it’s uncomfortable. You have to cram yourself to put one leg into the totally-not-expensive-looking trousers, then the other. Oh, and his knuckles hit the windows about five-hundred times trying to put his stupid dress shirt on.

Last, Zayn can easily catch him naked.

 

(Maybe that’s a good thing?)

 

“Let’s not be tardy,” Zayn yells over his shoulder, sounder irritated. “You don’t want to be late for this one.”

 

This one turns out to be in a form of an expensive Italian ristorante, complete with reservation of the entire place.

 

“This doesn’t have to be a thing,” Harry sighs as the server takes his coat.

“It won’t be, but I still got two tickets to Santorini,” Zayn studies his nails. “If you don’t want to go, I’ll just take my favourite sister.”

“That won’t be necessary,” Harry grouses.

 

After ten minutes of studying the menu, he decides to go with yam fries as starter and some fancy sounding pasta.

 

-

 


The airport


 

“I’ve been to this airport once and that was to take a picture with a celebrity,” Harry huffs as Zayn guides him through the Heathrow Airport. It’s a large place built like a fucking maze in Harry’s opinion.

“Well, I’m rich,” Zayn shows both their tickets to the stewardess.

“… and of course it’s first-class,” Harry sighs at the sight of large chamber-like structure of where they will be for next three or four hours. “Do you lavish on everything?”

 

Harry could’ve sworn Zayn’s cheeks flushed.

 

-

 

Their destination is none other than the Santorini Islands, the infamous holiday vacation spot for, oh, everyone. People try to get them to their own hotels and Zayn refuses politely.

(Politely as in ‘fuck off, me and my boyfriend here already have everything reserved for.)

(Wait, he said boyfriend.

Holy shit.)

 

-

 

“You can’t just… Zayn,” Harry babbles out, feeling like an utter idiot. “You can’t do that!”

“They were trying to recruit us to their filthy, barely-one star hotel, of course I had to call you my ‘boyfriend’,” Zayn motions at Harry to light up his cigarette. “C’mon, let’s go to Hyatt or somewhere my taste.”

“I thought we had a place to go to.”

“Since when do I tell a straight truth to anyone?” Zayn takes a drag of his cigarette. “I made sure international data is a thing for you so search.

 

-

 

Third day of Santorini is the best for Harry.

 

Mainly because Zayn isn’t moody and secretive, but also because they go on a date.

 

A real date where they act like themselves, not like they did in that ristorante.

 

“A gelato place, then a dessert café? Sounds like a go to me!” Harry giggles, resting his head on Zayn’s shoulder. “I knew I liked you for a reason.”

“We go back home and I’ll end up hurting you anyways.”

 

That hurts Harry a lot as Zayn pays