it.”

Niall loves pushing all the buttons, that’s another thing. Niall just mewls and tongues at the bubbling tip, tasting the pre-cum there. It’s so minty and cold, so unlike the heard that beats for Niall only, and Niall slurps it down. He tongues at the head with a malicious mischief before sinking down on the huge cock.

Demons have abnormal anatomy, as Niall found out, and they seem to have larger dicks then normal human beings. Niall isn’t an expert on penes sizes but he knows that Harry has the biggest one he’s ever slept with. (Okay, he slept with only four before Harry and he bottomed every time.) Niall chokes halfway down the way, his airway partially blocked by the tip. He nulls his gag reflex and swallows more of Harry. Nothing beats the feeling of pre-cum drizzling dick sliding down your throat, especially when it’s the love of your life’s. Niall manages to fit all of Harry inside his small mouth, breathing through his nose. He bobs his head up experimentally, then realises maybe, just maybe, he shouldn’t be deepthroating. Harry gets the hint and grabs onto Niall’s blond locks, and pushes his head down; Niall gags. Harry keeps steady hands on Niall and guides his movements, somewhat fucking his mouth. Niall just hums just as Harry starts to thrust his hips up in time of his hand movements. Niall gags and whimpers, his dick hard from the very person doing this to him. Harry comes in Niall’s throat with a very demonic growl, releasing his hair. Niall ruts his hard prick against Harry’s thighs before he, too, releases his load.

“I believe we had an audience,” Harry giggles — a sound too cute from a former demon — and Niall growls at that.”

“Too much teeth,” Louis cocks his head to the side, dodging the pillow Niall just threw in his direction. “And you should be stimulating his balls too.”

“Babe,” the sigh in Zayn’s voice is apparent. “I told you not to be too… forward.”

“Can I kill them?” Niall asks no-one in particular. “Permanently, at least.”

“Nope.”

-

Fjolnir feels guilty about erasing Niall of his memory about Louis’ betrayal as the two old friends bicker. It was for the good, he keeps telling himself, but Niall will figure out the horrible thing he’s done.

The Shadow Souls are the banned, most ancient race of supernatural creatures others than the angels and demons. They have the human origins but they wielded the elemental powers of fire, ice, earth, wind and shadows, hence the name Shadow Souls.

They sought immortality and with the help of the Witch Queen — Hecate — they became the first ever Fey, the nykti. It was unwise, as the gods declared, and they were cursed by the Moirai. One nykta (or nykto, as the males were called) will walk the realms alone until they find their soulmate, the other half.

The catch? The soulmate isn’t another nykto/nykta, they will be either a demon or angel, the very things they were born to oppose. With a mortal heart, the nykti couldn’t coerce their other half into mating with them, thus completing the ritual.

The nykti became shrouded in the Darkness, the shadows encasing their souls.

No longer the nykti, they are now simply the Shadow Souls, the vanquished race of Fey.

“You bloody sucked him off knowing I was here with Zayn!” Louis refutes, his cheeks mottled deep blue from being flustered. “I told you I was coming here!”

“For you, soon can be as long as a decade,” Niall looks smug, a bit of Harry’s cum dribbling down his mouth. He doesn’t point that out. “It’s not like you never walked in on me before.”

“Ladies,” Zayn’s eyes are the exact shade of embers in a newly lit pyre. “We’re here to discuss the Shadow Souls.”

“They’re my distant cousins,” Fjolnir points out. “Like, they control the Shadows, born of them like my brethren.”

“Anyways,” Louis dons the dramatic air perfectly. “Fjolnir, you came to me in person so that your kryodi could find peace with my people, which was a fail since I’m with Zayn on hell fucking no.”

“And?”

“Human appearance or not, you’re still the leader of your people. Your powers come from your soul, not your body,” Louis repeats Niall’s words eerily. “So, you should disband your people or at least perform the ritual.”

Louis inclines his head just the slightest bit, only detected by Fjolnir.

“The Shadow Shield,” Niall beats him to it. “I thought it was a myth.”

“I have to use every ounce of my strength to perform a grand-scaling ritual like that,” Fjolnir shakes his head no. “So figure out another way to make the