your fans.”

“It’s not like all the Directioners know who you are!” George punches Harry on the shoulder. “A large percentage of them?”

“I told you I’m not going and that’s final,” George nuzzles his face into Harry’s neck. “Just cuddle with me, you curly haired monster.”

“I feel strangely insulted.”

Harry pulls George closer to him, making George’s heart beat faster. He knows Harry can possibly feel it against his chest. Okay, who thought it was a great idea to cuddle shirtless? George curses silently.

“‘Find another one ‘cause he belongs to me,’” Harry mumbles something that sounds suspiciously like an altered line of lyric. “I mean…”

“If you just accidentally leaked your new song to me, I’m not against it,” George presses his lips to Harry’s jawline. “So, anything you’d like to do, Mr. Styles?”

“You.”

George lets out a manly squeal when Harry presses him down, his back against the sofa they were cuddling on. Harry crashes his lips down to George, kissing passionately from the get-go. George melts into the kiss, parting his lips and letting Harry’s tongue spike against his. He tugs at Harry’s stupidly tight skinny jeans, unbuttons it, and slides it from Harry’s body as much as he can. Harry kicks them off, doing the same administrations to George’s trackies; George shakes his trousers off, too lazy to kick them off. Harry treks kisses down to his jawline, sucking on a love bite. George can’t help but moan loudly when he finds the soft spot so easily. Harry kisses down lower and when he’s level with George’s crotch, he flips him around, taking him by surprise. George gasps when Harry flicks his tongue against his entrance. They’ve been having sex for a while but he never rimmed him. Harry parts his bum cheeks for better access and licks at George’s hole again, garnering a soft moan. George feels like he’s on Cloud 9 when Harry pushes his tongue in, making George’s insides flutter. He thrusts his tongue in and out of George, the feeling of wet heat inside of him overwhelming. He mewls when Harry drags his tongue out, then flips George onto his back again. Before George can ask anything, the younger lad reaches for the lube and condom, rips the packet open, rolls the rubber on his length, slicks himself, and pushes inside of George.

George decides there’s nothing like having Harry inside of him. The pressure against his prostate is heavenly and the way he’s kissing him is just a plus. George has kissed a number of people but damn, Harry is the best kisser yet. Harry drives into him at a slow, careful pace, making George moan out his name. It’s not in his favour that Harry wraps his stupidly large hands around his leaking shaft and strokes him in time of his thrusts. George doesn’t want to come too soon but he does anyways, coating Harry’s hand with his release. Harry thrusts into him couple more times before he comes into the condom. Harry pulls out, knots the condom and throws it into the trash can. He cuddles into George with a cute giggle.

“You’re a cuddle addict,” George kisses Harry’s temple. “One fifth of the biggest band on the planet is a fucking cuddle addict.”

“You say it like it’s a bad thing.”

It isn’t. George says silently.

-

George took a flight back home next day and it wasn’t exactly a pleasant one. The kid sitting behind him kept kicking at his seat and the bloke sitting next to him snored whilst sleeping, keeping George up.

When he gets out of the luggage retrieval area, he sees Josh at the greeting area. He smiles that his best mate/bandmate doesn’t need to be told what he’s doing.

Well, it’s creepy that he’s easy to be read like an open book but he’s putting that thought aside for now.

“George!” Josh wraps him into a tight hug. “Were you off to see Harry Styles?”

“Maybe,” George hugs the older lad back. “It’s not like you care.”

“I still think he’s just using you for — you know — sex,” Josh tells him. “You know it’s true.”

“I still believe he’ll love me someday,” George growls. “He has a heart capable of loving.”

“Just not you, Georgie Porge,” Josh points out oh-so-helpfully. “C’mon, let me drive you home.”

The ride back to George’s house is awfully awkward and when they turn on the radio to Radio 1, One Direction’s You & I comes on. George just growls, knowing that gods separated him from Harry big time no matter how many times they have sex.

“Home