and he sees a wad of curls sprouting from his who would have been boss’ head.

Or he’d be grocery shopping with David and see a glimpse of the emerald green eyes in his friend’s totally different coloured ones.

It should be bloody impossible, but he fell in love with Harry.

-

“You shouldn’t,” David tells Alex. “The last time you were at Golden Cherubs, you fucked that underage–”

“He was nineteen.”

“Kid and fell under his spell, you right tit,” David finishes without much heat. “You really think it’s a good idea to go back there?”

“It’s my only hope of finding Harry.”

Even just by saying Harry’s name, Alex’s heart breaks down even more, into quantum molecules. Alex can’t, won’t, live without Harry now that his heart has been stolen.

Alex just wants his heart back.

So about three hours later, after the sun goes down, Alex and David go back to Golden Cherubs. Nothing really changed – the punk rock songs that are way too alt in Alex’s opinion to half–naked people moving their bodies together in a dirty rhythm. Alex’s eyes immediately scan the bar counter to see if there’s the curly haired devil there.

He’s not surprised to see Harry talking to an attractive looking bartender, about their age, really, and they seem to be arguing about something. Alex just clears his throat to get his rounds.

“Oh ‘ello, Lex,” Harry drawls out, this time, not so drunk. “I was telling Matty here how you’d show up. He owes me three shots of lime vodka now.” Harry grins in a childlike manner, reminding him of the cat from Alice in Wonderland.

“He’s a menace to the society.”

The bartender bloke is quite fit, though his hair can match Harry’s in length. At least that’s a bit neater–looking than Harry’s.

Keyword: Looking.

In reality, it’s like weeds are growing in form of human hairs.

“I can practically hear you mooning over my hair,” Harry grabs the shot glass and jovially brings one to Alex. “C’mon, Lexi, I know you c’n drink.”

“I can’t believe you just called me Lexi,” Alex knows his priorities are fucked up. Really, after sixteen days of not seeing Harry and he has to say something that’s stupid. “But thanks for the free drink, um.”

“Call me Matty,” the guy looks like a coke addict, and he means that. “I don’t mind strangers calling me that. Matt, Matty, same dif.”

“You’ll still be a stranger in my phone book,” thank GOD my brain cells started working again. “What pleasantries has Harry been feeding you?”

“He said that my long hair gives me something to hold on to,” the fit bartender shrugs, pouring some tequila and mixing it with some unnamed cheap liquor. “My shift ends at… half-two so I’ll see you both then.”

-

“Okay, not the worst idea ever.”

It’s – oh, who knows? – quarter to three and all three of them have a buzz going on. Harry is giggling, duh, and Matty has his hands shoved inside of Harry’s really tight looking jeans. Maybe to make the dick–suffocation less in affect.

“Lex, you’re thinking awfully too hard,” Harry whines, he actually whines like a child whose favourite toy was taken. “I want you to join us in bed.”

Alex really hasn’t a clue why the fuck they’re in his flat that has a bed that can barely hold two people, never mind three. Only thing that’s going through his mind is: Naked Harry and Matty, now.

“I think I got a couple cigs in my room?” Alex offers, which Matty takes as a freebie. They stumble into the tiny room, with Harry on the bed – he flops onto it, actually.

“Wow, I think this one’s from the 80’s,” Matty manages to light up the cigarette without burning down the house with his alcohol breath. “I think I like you already.”

“One drunken threesome won’t win my heart, Matthew,” Alex kindly sets the bar. “Now, I want Harry to suck you off whilst he rides my cock.”

“Mm, I’m ‘ready hard and hot for you,” Harry seems to have shucked all his clothes off with some sort of magic since he’s very well naked before two men’s eyes. Alex doesn’t miss the way Matty lips at his lips. “C’mon, I want someone to rim me. Eat me out like I’m some sort of French buffet.”

“Quite some imagery there, young man,” Alex has just enough willpower not to scoff at that comment. “I think I’ll do