got him?”

“There’s no such thing as ghosts, idiot,” Zayn rolls his eyes at his Irish best friend. “I was gonna say we split, but we only have one camera man so let’s go to the corridor together.”

 

The now-nine of them walk to the corridor, and there seems to be a message written for them.

“Wanna know what happened to your friend?” Harry reads out. “Is the ghost trying to communicate with us?”

“Nonsense,” Zayn presses his lips to his boyfriend’s cheek. “I told you, ghosts are bullshit.”

“Uh-huh,” Liam, who was the biggest believer of this so-called ghost from the start, glances at Zayn. “When we all die from this psycho ghost, my last thought will be ‘I hate you, Zayn Malik.’”

“That’s a tad bit rude,” Harry defends his boyfriend, which Zayn isn’t all that thankful about.

“I can defend myself — alright, where did JJ go?” Zayn’s growing more frustrated by the moment that his friends are bailing on this little trip. “Did you guys plan on getting out of this fucking house one by one?”

“I swear we didn’t,” Nick speaks for the first time, it seems to Zayn. “This just in, the ghost is angry that a bunch of teenagers are disrupting his resting spot.” He adds for the camera.

“Nick, did you film the sign of warning?” Liam sounds extra worried.

“Duh, so that we can prove everyone wrong and show this to them!” Nick rolls his eyes. “Honestly, I can’t see how you’re so tensed when you share bodily fluids with–”

“That’s enough,” Niall speaks up before Nick can say something cringe-worthy. “Don’t pick on me and Liam.”

“I can say a lot about you two,” Nick angles his camera towards Zayn and Harry. “There was that one time when I walked in on Harry–”

“Can we keep this tape PG?” Jaymi growls. “It’s bad enough that my boyfriend decided to bail out.”

“Or the killer ghost got him,” Liam inputs.

“Bollocks,” Zayn growls out. “Ghosts exist in books and movies, you idiot.”

“Will you please stop calling me an idiot?” Liam sighs. “Alright, let’s go.”

They turn left for the first sight of a door and there’s a message written there.

“Another one lost, another prey for me,” George reads out loud. “The fuck is that supposed to mean?”

“What it literally says,” Louis suggests. “Or the last person who was here decided to use this awesomely blood-coloured paint.”

“Doesn’t it look too fresh to have been written ages ago?” Harry points out. “And it’s warm.” He extends an arm to rub at the ‘paint’.

The realisation dawns on the remaining eight of them.

“That’s… blood of the fallen?” Louis is brave — or stupid, those two things go together well — to voice out the thought. “The ghost has a sodding real form?”

“Alright, the jig is up,” Zayn tries not to sound too exasperated. “Who the hell is doing this prank?”

No one speaks up.

“Hey, Jaymi — the fuck?”

Now, Jaymi is out of the picture, leaving them to the number of seven.

“Whoever planned this, this is awesome so far,” Zayn comments, pushing through the creaky door. “Any more messages from our lovely host?”

“Yeah, here,” Niall points at the wall furthest from them. “‘You ten were stupid enough to bring that large number of people here to start with.’”

“Okay, this mastermind is incredibly rude,” Zayn huffs out a breath. “Just look for stuff that can let us identify this place.”

 

The seven of them search the room until Zayn hears a screech.

“Who was that?” He turns around instinctively, shining his flashlight at whoever was nearby, which happens to be George.

“Not me,” Niall reports. “Wait, let’s do a head count.”

“Louis?” George sounds fearful. “Where’d he go?”

“A new message!” Liam sounds super-worried now. “‘We’ve got some disbelievers, I see. I’ll just pluck you off one by one… see you all soon.’”

 

Seeing it was fruitless, the remaining six go to another room. There are cobwebs everywhere, making it hard for them to see anything through those.

“Something tells me no one’s been here for a long while,” Niall comments. “Alri’, what can happen to us? Liam?”

Zayn looks behind him, knowing that Liam was the last person to leave the first room and of course the bulky lad isn’t there.

“This is getting out of control,” Nick says to the camera, for once filming himself. “My hair is perfect so that’s one