hues of green in the late summer sunlight, twelve-year-old version of Zayn sinks to one knee in front of six-year-old Harry. "I give you my oath."


  Summer flies by and it's close to fall when Harry notices the familar darker skinned boy isn't around. The same boy who'd always make sure he got all his stuffed animals around him before he went to bed. Who kissed his temple muttering "bonne nuit, mon petit chaton".

  "Where's Zen?" Harry asks Louis, who is only three years older than he. "I haven't seen him forever!"

  "He's not with us anymore." The prince tells him, looking genuinely sorry. "That's what Maman told me. I don't know the full story, Haz."


  That broke Harry, thinking his friend died from a Strigoi attack.



  That was also the night he discovered he has strong connection with the element of earth. He created a small, barely detectable crack in the field. Louis, surprised, told Harry to calm down.


  "Zayn..." Tears brim Harry's eyes when his repressed memories from his childhood in Brussels with Zayn flood him, overwhelming his senses.

  How Zayn sneaked into his room during one winter night, both respectively at eleven and five, because it was cold and Harry whined about sleeping alone. They cuddled together as sleep overtook them.

  Zayn was still there in the morning, only to be scolded by van DerNacht for disrupting Harry and ditching his dhampir training.

  "It's really you..." Harry throws his arms around the older vampire, burying his nose into the crook of his neck as he inhales the sweet fragrance of citrus from Zayn. He pulls away once the tears stop, drinking in the sight of Zayn in black tuxedo with white shirt underneath, with a scarf completing his outfit. How stupid was Harry to not realise who his guardian was?

  "Have I mentioned you're an inconsiderate prat?" Niall hisses at Louis, who looks at the embracing couple with a smug smile. "He hadn't a clue what happened to his sweet protector."

  "Oh hush -"

  "We're still here and have no idea what the hell is going on," George clears his throat. "Oh, and pleasure to meet you, Prince Louis."

  "Ooh, a cute dhampir! Niall and I would be delighted to - "

  Niall blushes as he kisses Louis again, short and abrupt to shut him up. "Like I said, no manners. Pleased t' meet ya!"

  "You're Irish," the confused Bristol-native dhampir mutters, feeling extremely stupid. "I mean you're one of the heirs in line to the Irish Moroi throne!"

  "I hate politics," Niall mumbles when Jade lets out a shrill, ear-splitting scream.

   Jade's light brown and red hair is on fire, with Perrie's eyes narrowed onto her. No doubt the girl is a fire user. Harry thinks to himself.

  "False alarm, people," she simply glares back at the blonde, doing something with the air until the fire is put out. "Cos in case George hasn't caught on, Prince Louis just suggested a threesome and since..."

  "I need to bleach my memories," the guardian-in-training blushes hotly as Niall giggles the same time Louis mutters "uh-oh."

  Olly Murs' song "Troublemaker" decides to play when a peeved-looking Strauss opens the door to the banquet hall, his arms crossed across his chest.

  "Perfect timing for my exit. Niall, follow me. Lovely meeting you again, Zayn. Oh, and Harry?" The Belgian Moroi curls his lip in a mocking sneer. "Ne viens pas trop vite."

  Zayn's brows furrow together when Harry makes a rude gesture at his so-called best mate as he walks towards the fuming Headmaster. Niall mumbles a quick goodbye to everyone, as Jesy, the dark brunette gazing after him.

  Perrie's piercing blue eyes, however, are regarding Zayn with cold contempt. That tells Zayn how she saw everything that happened between him and Harry's old friends; his old friends.

  We're over now. Zayn thinks to himself, pointedly grabbing for Harry's waist, pulling him closer to him. The Moroi lets out a startled gasp when the guardian kisses the side of his neck, sucking and licking at his pulse.

  "You're mine," the guardian growls out as he glares back at the blonde Moroi, fully aware she can hear them. "And I protect you at all cost."

  "Is Louis gay?" Jade quips in after Zayn leaves a love bite on Harry's neck, very visible to anyone even in the dimly lit hall. "Or is he one of those arses who plays with people's hearts?"

  "He claims to be bisexual, I've seen him snogging Eleanor when he was fifteen at a party," the curly haired Moroi yelps out when Zayn moves his large hand down to his arse, proper groping it. "