Wufei again. The kisses were always so good, so tender, that it surprised him when he felt a pinching pressure against his left nipple. It turned quickly to a nasty bite that made him squeak aloud, and try to reach up with his left arm. The silk had caught him, though, and he looked up at Treize when he drew away from him. He felt flustered and uncertain, and was surely wide-eyed with surprise. "Oh!"

Treize gave a quiet chuckle. "Nice?"

His lips trembled when he finally answered. "I... I don't... maybe?" Maybe, and it felt so... he wasn't sure exactly how it felt, whether it was good or bad or just very intense.

A second one was applied with just as much care, not too hard, not too soft, but pinching pressure that made him squirm and inhale a little sharply. "Does it feel very much?"

"Yes." Yes, and he tugged at his arms just a bit, mostly out of a sense of playfulness. It pinched at his nipples, stung just a bit, and oh. It was deeply interesting. He liked the reaching stretching feeling it left him with, and the touch of Treize smoothing hands along his side while he knelt over Wufei's thighs was nice, as well. The contrast was exquisite, and it made him want to buck up, so he allowed himself to do it, feeling Treize ride with the motion. Even better, he was smiling down at him, and Wufei drew in a deep, shuddering sigh.

This was perfect.

"I think I might keep you tied up like this afterwards and feed you lasagna." Treize felt along his ribs, and then lower, shifting back just a little before he wielded another tiny clothes pin towards the inside of Wufei's thigh. The pinch of it made his breath hitch, made him writhe again, because oh.

Ohhh, that was so...

Treize carefully placed another, and then another. They pinched and ached and made him want to whimper, so he didn't try to stop it. He'd learned quite early on that Treize took sounds as encouragement, and he didn't mind giving him that. It went right to his balls, and for his whimper, he got another clothespin planted just so on the opposite side, a sharp sensation that made his dick throb. He was worried that he might get clothespinned there, as well, but Treize just stroked a hand up along the underside of his cock soothingly, making him want to melt into the touch instead.

"Please." His voice was husky and thick, not at all like himself. It sounded so wanton and needy, and it surprised him a little, made him blink up at Treize, mouth open and panting.

"Please?" He reached for another toy, and there were at least a few more clothespins abandoned on the bed in favor of a pink thing. Wufei wasn't sure he wanted to know what the pink thing was, yet. It looked nubbly and... well, he wasn't sure at all, but when Treize carefully pulled part of it back to reveal a tube of ice, Wufei felt his face go faintly slack with shock.

Oh.

Dear.

"Are you afraid of a little cold?" He smirked at Wufei, waving the nubbly thing before firmly pressing it against Wufei's belly button.

Cold! He couldn't help laughing at the tickle of chilled water that sloped over his skin, either. The speculative look in Treize's eyes registered in a flash and then moved on. "No," Wufei denied, but he supposed he might be. It all depended on the use Treize planned for that strange thing, and the degree of implementation.

Another slight squeeze and he was leaning in to circle it around one clothespinned nipple, enough sensation to make Wufei squirm, and it pushed at the clothespin. That created a pinching nip, making him hiss at the feel of it, unable to keep himself from squirming. It was good and a little bad, and his body clearly liked that combination.

He pulled at the silk, and was glad that at least his toes could get a good grip in the mattress while Treize smirked and wrote something on his stomach with the ice, leaving a cold trail that Wufei couldn't read. It made him curious, and then it made him gasp because it slid down, teasing over the edge of a hip and down his thigh, just skirting the interesting parts. He cursed, and that earned him a knowing glance followed promptly by a wash of warm breath that made him do it again.

"Good?" Good, yes, and he wasn't going to start begging. Yet. The clothespins at his thighs ached when Treize ran ice near them, smirking as he circled each pin slow enough for Wufei to want to twitch a leg like a dog. Teasing him was one of Treize's favorite games, and Wufei loved every moment of it. He was a combination of pleasures that Wufei had never considered having, and