."

His nose wrinkled in distaste, and he stretched his hands out to try to get a fistful of Jim's shirt. "Uncuff me..."

Or else, because if he didn't, he was pretty sure that things weren't going to end well. Jim's gaze was suspicious. "You won't try and smack me about? Because honestly, it's too late now."

"Yeah, call me resigned." He closed his eyes, and just held his hands still, holding on to Jim. It wasn't like he could do anything about it now except suffer it because it was done now; puking wouldn't do any good, and killing Jim would just be a disaster. Plus, he was pretty sure he'd make a fuck all mess of the business they had going if he did.

Something about his motions must have reassured Jim because he pulled a key out of a tiny pocket of his denims and unlocked first one side and then the other. "All right."

He shook his hands out, but didn't waste much time in reaching for Jim's hips to hold him still. His fingers were shaking, and Sebastian couldn't tell if it was fear or just drugs. "Everything's squirmy."

The wrinkle of that nose was fucking adorable. Dammit. "Squirmy. What a horrid word."

"Itchy. Everything feels..." He shifted, rubbing his ass against the floor and still holding onto Jim. There was a surge of feeling that went through him, satisfying, and another that made the world wobble slightly at the edges.

"Good? Bad? Squirmy is a horrid descriptor." Demanding twat.

"Good. Ish. It's a horny feeling." He felt horny a lot, so there was no telling if that was just how he handled... most everything.

Calculating look, and hmmm. He did like it when Jim looked like that. Quite a lot, although it was much better if someone else was on the pointy end of his sticks, so to speak. "Horny as in I'm interested or horny like that thing in France?"

"Can't tell yet." He dropped his hand, scratched at his own side, and watched Jim's expression as he felt a frisson of heat follow the path of his fingertips. "Oh."

Oh, yes. That was... that was actually pleasant, and maybe he wouldn't destroy Jim's favorite pair of shoes in revenge if the rest of it was as nice as that. "Let me know when you are certain."

"Mmmhm, this is like being drunk?" He repeated the motion, feeling a little fascinated by it. He wanted to run his nails over his skin, or maybe just lie there and start jacking off. Then again, his dick was probably pounding against Jim's arse from the way he squirmed.

"Clearly it doesn't have the same... detrimental effect on your libido." Yeah, and that was... He needed those trousers off. Now.

He kept one hand on Jim's hips, and his other hand rubbed at his side again, sliding over his belly. "Oh, fuck yes."

"Excellent." Yeah. Gleam of those small white teeth, and it was distracting just to see it. "This should have so many applications."

"So am I a science experiment here, or are we going to do something with this?" He pressed his fingers, rubbing slowly against his own skin. It was like lights, flashbulbs, and tingling heat.

Hum of an answer, and that resonated perfectly, like sparks of sound. "Oh, you know how I dislike getting my hands dirty personally." Yes, but he didn't mind dabbling, and they had the contacts.

Someone else would handle it and Jim would get the money, but it wasn't what he wanted to ask. "Yes, but are we going to do something with it. Right now?" He wanted to roll Jim over and hump him like a dog.

"Feisty." Snickered, yeah, but he was rocking down to Sebastian. He wondered if Jim might have sampled a bit of it before dosing him. "Tell me what you want."

"I, I want..." To fuck him, to have him completely, to see what more than just weight on his hips felt like with that drug sliding through his system.

"Then go ahead." Permission, and he squirmed down to meet Sebastian's wriggling. "But you'd best make it amazing. Or else."

"Or else, or else, I uh..." He   shook his head, and breathed raggedly as he tried to focus long enough to do, to get Jim not to hold his performance against him.

"Or else I will do a great deal worse than just drugging you against your will." Hissed and vicious and holy shit. That was actually not helping at all, because it just made him harder. Hard as a fucking rock, and unable to really focus on the fact that everything felt good,