Klaus muttered something to himself, then started to take off James's boots. "Get out of your outer coat, and into the sleeping bag. It's made for sub zero, 'nd 's warmer than your coat." Better yet, it zipped up over the head part, so warmth would stay within it.

It was so nice to be taken care of, wasn't it? It felt so good, the way that Klaus was helping him, and his fingers were nearly frozen, it seemed, unable to do much beyond unbuttoning his coat with stiff motions, his feet already turning to ice before he could scramble into the sleeping bag. "I-I've got an e-extra b-blanket," he chattered out.

"Good," Klaus murmured, unzipping the rounded top of the sleeping bag and almost shoving James into it. The thin blanket would be used to stuff down by their feet for extra warmth... yes, they'd be all right. Klaus was quick with his own boots, too, and hated to have to take his warm coat off, but... it was damp, and he didn't need to sleep in a wet coat unless he wanted to die. Soon he joined James in the sleeping bag, and brought the extra blanket into it with him. Then he zipped it closed, sealing them both in. "Better?"

"Better," James sighed in agreement, squirming back against Klaus. It was out of the wind, it was warm and rapidly warming even further from their combined body heat... Oh, it was MUCH better!!

"Gut -- if you can't feel your feet, wrap them in the blanket," Klaus murmured, handing the thin thing to James in the darkness they were in.

Instead, he promptly found the little freezing things tucked back against his knees. "Warm!" the little man cooed.

Klaus could feel the cold stocking feet through his trousers and shivered. "Or that works, too..."

The warmth grew until they were both almost comfortable, James's shivering slowly coming to a stop. "This," he declared softly, "this isn't so very bad."

"No, not so bad," Klaus murmured, shifting a little to pillow his head on one bent arm. "Can you sleep?"

"I think so," James agreed sleepily, snuggling back against Klaus, firmly cradling the length of his body into the curve of the German man's. "'s nice, like this."

"Like this?" Klaus asked in mild confusion, eyes barely open to the darkness.

James's head nodded in the darkness. "You're big and warm and feel good."

"Doesn't take much to make you happy." Klaus snorted, his words a puff of breath near James's neck.

"Not really," came the tremulously breathed acceptance. "Not really, at all, but it's so rare that happiness comes, isn't it?"

"I suppose," was the drawled half-agreement. He shifted again, his free arm dropping over James's little body. Moments later, Klaus froze in sheer horror.

"M-Major!?" That stiffness was unavoidably noticeable.

"N... nothing," Klaus murmured, drawing his arm back. "Didn't mean to do that, sorry."

Hands reached for his arm, holding it tightly. "Feels nice. It's... It's okay."

"Still cold," Klaus tried to excuse away the instinctual reaction. "Still... yeah. G'night."

"Good night, Major," James agreed, and closed his eyes to try and sleep.

~~~~~

When Klaus awoke an indeterminable time later, James was closer yet to him, shivering, and even in the sleeping bag Klaus could swear that it had dropped ten more degrees outside, at least. It seemed almost as if they would freeze where they lay, and the way that the little man was squirmed back against him said more than anything how very cold he was!

"James," Klaus hissed quietly, arms moving sluggishly to shake the smaller man. "Dammit, wake up!"

"Dun wanna'..." It was a whisper, sleep-laden, almost unheard, unspoken.

He shifted nearer to the little man, wrapping his arms tightly around James's smaller form, curling in a little. "Wake up!"

"'ncle N..." James moved slowly, almost shuddering with cold. "'s worse..."

"We need to... to just move a little to get this sleeping bag warm again, talk, something," Klaus told him, moving chilled fingers vigorously along the smaller man's spine.

"Move..." It was a thoughtful whisper, almost as if taking the strangest thing into mind, and the way his hips canted back to Klaus was a sudden indication of what he was thinking. "There's... one good way..."

"What?" Klaus's brows drew together tightly, despite the dark he was sure James could see that confusion on his face if he looked. "James, I'm not following you