of ice cream. If he'd met the guy in a bar, he probably would have been willing to have sex with him without ever once flinching. This was just...

Well. It was different.

"So. Um." The line moved forwards and Greg felt a little like a small furry animal caught in oncoming headlights.

"So, this is awkward. I know that. And my telling you that I don't plan on abusing you probably isn't a comfort. I mostly want to keep you well."

Yeah. Still kind of creepy, and Greg looked down and away, ignoring the shuffling people around and in front of them. He was paying so much attention to his feet, in fact, that when someone moved in behind him and he felt the sharp prick of a needle, he yelped, turning so fast that he nearly toppled over. "What the...!"

Will reached a hand out to steady him. "That was unnecessary," he told the attendant firmly. Not that Greg was sure if it was a put on or what, but from his tone, he was willing to guess it was drugs. Fuck.

Fuck, because that was... that was really dangerous, that was his neck for fuck's sake, and the world kind of... made a funny motion around him for a second. "Jesus.

"Sorry, sir. Standard procedure, and you didn't tick the box that said no...."

"I didn't see that there was a box." Yeah, bullshit.   Greg wobbled on his feet for a moment while the world righted itself again, at least briefly,and Will stepped in to steady him, sliding an arm around his shoulders.

"What's that... that stuff?" Other than sincerely wobbly making stuff. Bizarre wobbly making stuff.

"It, it'll all be in the documentation." The guy sounded nervous now, and Greg could hear him moving away, a little too quickly.

"Get back here." It was a snap, angry, but Will was too busy holding Greg upright to lunge after the guy and Greg was maybe mostly good with that.

Wow.

That...

That was totally not that bad. That was... wow, that was better than it should be. "What the hell was in that?" he managed. "That's... they should hand that out before they start sellin' people off."

"Then how would I know what your personality was like? Dammit, here, hold still..."

Hold still sounded good, but that was mostly because it meant leaning up against Will. He was pretty solid in a that-feels-good kind of way that made Greg bite his lip and hum. Nice. "Okay."

"I suppose this will make getting you tattooed easier." Will had a good steady voice, firm and easy in a lot of ways. It made him feel better, or maybe just seemed strong enough to support him and his current... issues.

Really big whopping issues, in fact, and Greg looked up at him, mouth curving in something like a smile. "That'd be... that's good. Really. Good."

"This is why so many purchases end up with butterflies tattooed to their asses." Will gave a deep sigh.

"I don't like butterflies," Greg blurted. "Well. Not, no. No, I like butterflies but not... not on me. Not on my skin. I mean..."

"You're going to end up with my name and some symbol. Classier than the old bar codes or mobile phone codes."

Bar codes. Bar codes sounded kind of cool, or maybe... "UPC codes. Man, that'd be kind of..." He laughed. This felt good, felt really nice, and somehow they had gotten to the head of the line when he wasn't looking.

"The question is, what symbol?" What symbol. What did he want stamped on his ass forever?

Wow. He got an option? Greg thought about it, as much as he could manage in his situation. "Not RNA. 's too..." He waved one hand. Nifty. "Not as pretty. Cooler, but DNA is... Like." Yes. Oh yes, and he turned, a little wobbly, and leaned up to steal a kiss.

"DNA helix, then? That's easy of you," Will murmured against his mouth. Just a brush of a kiss, a hint.

"'m kind of easy." Or he used to be, and then he hadn't been, but hey. He wanted more of this stuff just for the ensuing freakout. Put it off long enough and he would be so very good. Good enough to try and deepen the kiss, and then Will pulled away just enough, and huh. His turn.

"All right. Let's just..." He pulled at Greg, forwards and down, manhandling him gently and keeping him face to face as, okay, Will sat down. Funny, more or less, and he was