much the first time." And the second. And the third, and she reached up and pulled the helm from her head.

He'd get them first, if they existed at all. And if they didn't, she was waiting with glee to come back and tell him that it had been a waste of his last few moments of life.

 Glee.













"Ma'am." There was David, waiting patiently with a lack of motion that always, always showed that he was anything but human.

She scowled at him, smacked his shoulder with hers as she passed. That it didn't cause her pain, just pressure, was something else that made her nerves knot tighter.

Meredith wasn't going to think about it.



~*~*~*~

David did have his uses, as occasionally annoying as she found him. Particularly in the wake of their, their ruin, their discontent. Their failed fucking discovery, because they were not only dead, but they'd clearly been in the throes of a scientific lockdown to stop the spread of some contagion.

Sometimes it was vitally necessary to celebrate the fact that life still flowed in her veins. The fact that it probably wouldn't if things didn't get better in short order, well.

Her skin was slick with sweat, pulse racing, and god. Clearly she should have found a better place to hide the necessities.

"Is this acceptable, ma'am?"

"You're a mood killer, David." And her sex toys back home didn't talk, which wasn't actually a capability that a sex toy needed. Even if he were fully functional.

"Then I will do my best to change that." Change it with his ridiculously talented tongue, apparently. Again. It was a much better use for it than talking, especially with those fingers. God, yes. Yes, it had clearly been a while, because just the two of them felt like so much.

She leaned back on her palms, one leg over his shoulder, stretching into it. His fingers weren't moving much -- just enough. Just, just enough. His tongue was better, flicking lightly over her clit with a motion that stole her breath and made her shake. A crook of his fingers later and it was so, so close. So close.

There might have been a little vibration thrown in, a pressure that no human seemed to do right, only David, with his fingers buried all the way into her tight cunt.

God.

Fuck.

Fuck, and that was, that was perfect. That was one hell of an orgasm, ripped up from the depths of her, making her shake and shudder and lose all control, and just when she thought it would back off, his fingers moved faster, third one added, and oh god.

As long as he wasn't talking, he was the best sex toy she'd ever used. It just kept going and going, until she could only feel it, feel him, until she started to push him back. Push him away, and then he was crawling his way up her body, and she didn't have what it took to keep pushing. Not when he was forging inside of her, hands on either side of her shoulders, hair falling haphazardly into his forehead, and fuck. Fuck, fuck, that was big, that was good, that was insanely good.

It was precisely what she wanted, quick, not dirty but quick effective, efficient sex, a pounding like she could get nowhere else. Steady, heavy thrusts, deep, and he was looking at her, all bright eyes and cheap dyed hair, and it was almost distracting enough to bother her, but honestly.

It was just too fucking good.



~*~*~*~

After Holloway's death, she needed to wash. She'd needed to get the smell of burnt skin and screams out of her nose, she needed to face the fact that the aliens were alive and well -- or at least their bio problems were -- and that David was playing her against Weyland.

Now if only she felt anything like surprised by that fact.

Instead, there was a soft, dull throb somewhere in her head, and it just kept building. Wrong, wrong, wrong, a running litany that sang in her veins and that was settling badly.

This was all going to go straight to hell. Clearly she hadn't been in her right mind when she decided coming here was a fantastic alternative to staying behind and digging away at the foundations of everything Weyland had left behind. She should have stayed behind. She should have let him die with a crushed hope on his lips, except there was failure, the vacancy of hope, and then there was watching a member of her crew morph into something horrible, inhuman. 

There was no fear, though. She wasn't afraid, just angry and sad and disappointed that it had come to that. Disappointed in the whole fucking thing, and the fact that she wasn't afraid seemed to be a pretty clear indicator that she was so completely abnormal