such a challenge. can I request a story? reader is in a polyamorous relationship with negan and simon and like 3/4 months pregnant, lots of fluff and smutty smut smut. maybe she's scared of her body not being the same after and scared of giving birth with no meds and they comfort her. just sweetness and dirtiness lol

Will be adding to this :)

It has been almost 5 months since Simon has brought you to Negan as their toy you have been beaten, raped, forced to enjoy whatever they throw at you and now your worst nightmare has happened.

"What the verdict Doc?" Negan asked rubbing your shoulders as you try and hold down your nausea. As the doctor walked around the room waiting for the test he had run just a few minutes ago.

"Well, congratulations are in order. It looks like you're pregnant (Y/N)." The Doctor said with a smile giving Negan the test to confirm. Negan's face was a mixture of shock and oddly enough happiness.

"Holy shit." Negan whispered staring at the test like it was a rare jewel.

"How far along am I?" You ask holding on to your stomach unsure if you should be happy or mortified. 

"I don't have the equipment to tell correctly, but as soon as your pee reached the test window the positive was very clear. When did you last have sex?" The doctor asked handing you your clothes back to get out of the hospital gown he had insisted you wear. You stare at the Doctor unsure how to answer, no one in the Sanctuary knew of your existence besides Negan and Simon and the handful of people that would bring you food and water every day. 

"Does that really matter?" Negan asked his smile fading quickly replaced with anger.

"It could help determine who the father is." The Doctor said a look of confusion on his face.

"I am." Negan said harshly stepping in front of you. The sick feeling of realization hit you that it could be either Negan's or Simon's baby or even more than one baby. Your mother had two sets of twins of boy twins before having you her only girl. She had warned you about having twins ever since you had told her you wanted to be a mother like she was. 

"Can you tell if there is more than one baby?" You blurt out tears forming in your eyes. Both men looked at you with shocked faces. 

"Why? Do you have twins in your family?" The Doctor asked trying to step passed Negan.

"My mom had two sets of twin boys before me." You confessed looking down at your stomach in hope you were wrong, but your mother's words wouldn't stop nagging you. 

"Then we need to get her to Hilltop for a sonogram. If there are two she has a higher risk of death during labor." The Doctor said mostly to Negan who was now studying you. 

You were lost in your own thoughts once the Doctor and Negan had left the room letting you get dressed in peace so that Negan could arrange your transportation to Hilltop. You hands fell to your stomach yet again as you tried to stop panicking and wish you had died all those months ago when Simon had first found you. Negan came back in seeing you holding your stomach.

"You ok?" He asked sounding concerned and walking over to you and setting a gentle hand on your hip.

"I don't to have children in a world like this." You sob shaking with the thought of your children near walkers or even men like Negan and Simon. Negan reached up wiping the tears from your eyes. He lifted your eyes to meet his then he kissed you tenderly. He pulled back rubbing your cheek in comfort.

"No one will ever hurt my fucking kids." His voice held a truth in those words. He kissed you once more before leading you down long hallways in different directions. You got lost easily unsure where exactly he was taking you until he opened a door and sunshine hit your face. You blinked blocking your eyes, this was the first time you had been outside since getting to the Sanctuary. You squint in the light seeing a single truck with Simon leaning on it. 

"What happened?" Simon asked as we neared Negan brought you to the passenger door followed by Simon. He held the door letting you get in before walking back over to the driver side and getting in. You were now squished between both men Simon still looking at you with confusion. Once Negan was out of the gate he turned to Simon.

"(Y/N) is pregnant. I know I came in her a few times. Did you ever fuck her without me there?" Negan asked his hands tight on the steering wheel. Simon looked at you with the same shocked expression you had been getting all morning.

"No, I know how you are with your toys." Simon said looking out the windshield. 

"This is why you’re a great fucking worker Simon. You don't make your own decision and you know I fucking love that in my men." Negan laughed