you. “Please stop!” You screamed unable to get anything else passed your parted lips. Negan was fucking you with no mercy, his cock slamming into your cervix sending more waved of pleasure and pain rocking your body. One of his hand kept you down as the other kept you upright for a better angle. The sound of his thighs slapping aginst your ass was the only thing you could hear besides his soft grunts and moans. “You gonna cum for Daddy?” Negan asked fucking into your already sore body harder. His hand moved from the center of your shoulders to your hair. He grabbed a fist full pulling back hard forcing your body up your hands going to lean on the back windshield. Your eyes watered as you noticed Rick was watching, his gaze steady unmoving from the rocking truck. I prayed to God he couldn’t see me as a wave of more pleasure tightened your core to the edge of a potential orgasm. You closed your eyes tears rolling down your cheeks as he pulls your hair harder arching your back further. Your arms can't hold you any longer and you fall forward onto the bed of the truck. Negan caught off guard fell with you crushing your body into the mattress. You lost your breath again as he picked himself off of you still in your pussy. “Fuck!” You screech as he bottoms out hard sending you over the edge in a pain pleasure mixed orgasm. “Fuck!” You scream again as the Negan force his dick deeper into you. “Jesus fucking Christ baby doll. Your then best fucking toy I’ve ever fuck had.” Negan moans still pounding into you his body relentlessly. You try to sit up realizing your hand is free. He stops abruptly pulling out. For an instant, you think maybe this might be over. Maybe he came already. Instead, you hear another zipper sound, you didn’t again move in fear of a punishment. You heard a thunk then you felt his hands on your hips again. He hauled you up onto your feet. Looking at your neck for a moment then sliding his fingers down your chest to the T-shirt you had on. Negan grabbed the bottom of it pulling it over your head and in the back of the try. He hen threw you onto the top of the truck back down on his jacket. He grabbed your legs before you could fight back. He ripped your other clothes from you pinning you down as well.Once you were naked in front of him Negan smiled as sunk his cock deeper than before. Your only reaction was to arch your back and grab on to his hands in pleasure from your orgasm. He pulled back pounding you slowly watching your face squirm in guilt for taking pleasure from his brutality. “Now it's Daddy’s turn to come. You ready baby?” Negan chuckled grabbing on to your hand quickly your legs resting on his arms.“Holy fuck!” You moan as he fucks you faster than before. Negan was using your body as an anchor for him to pull on so he could power fuck you into the top of the truck. He smiled down at your lust filled face as he quickened his thrusts. You start to clench around him again his cock pushing against your g-spot in sinful ways. You bite your lip and close your eyes trying not to cum for him again. Not looking at him made it worse your body seeming to focus on his cock stretching out your pussy. You moan loudly as you feel him lean down pulling your legs further apart.“You’re pussy is way better than that pretty mouth.” He moaned close to your ear making you turn your face slightly. “You better fucking look at me in the next 5 seconds or I’m gonna fuck you in the ass.” He grunts spreading your legs to fuck you deeper. You moaned again pleasure surging through you at his threat. “Oh, you like getting fucking it in the ass?” Negan mocked fucking you deeper.“I’ve never.” You whimper feeling his chest now laying against yours. You had no choice turning to look into Negan's perverse eyes. Your body melting into his touch as you came again around his thick cock. “Fuck!” You moan loudly thrusting against him as hard as you could increasing the pleasure. Negan pounded you a couple more times before pulling out and cumming all over your (S/C) stomach. He smiled at you rubbing your clit with his thumb to draw your orgasm out.  You lay on the top of the truck looking up at the normal blue noncloudy day your body still vibrating with bliss. The sun seeming to make fun of you as it lightly toasting your naked (S/K) body. It’s been out of the sun for quite some time you had planned to keep it that way. Negan’s hand wrapped around your to pull you upright in the bed of the truck. “Here you go, baby. Next time I’ll help you with your ass virginity.” Negan chuckled patting your ass, your jaw clenched fighting the urge to punch that stupid fucking smile from his face. Your lower