into you so fucking hard. 

“One way I will come quicker the other will take longer.” He chuckled lifting your hips higher to pound you deeper into the bed.

“How much faster will you come!” You cry out from the pain wanting this to be over with.

“Within the next 2 minutes. It’s all about positioning this nice fucking pussy of yours. If I get you into doggy I can fuck you nice and quick or I can keep pounding just like this. Your choice.” Negan smirked pushed harder than before. 

“Fuck me doggy please!” You beg tears rolling down your cheeks as he stops with a deep chuckled. He pulled out of you making you cry out in pain and relief. It was short lived when Negan flipped you over your face getting shoved into the bed as he shoved his knees between your legs. You tried to keep them closed until he slapped your ass hard enough that heat radiated off it afterward. He shoved your legs wide around his thighs shoving your ass higher he waited a moment letting you get comfortable with the weird angle.

“You ready?” Negan asked rubbing his thumb over your ass hole for a second making you almost shriek in terror. He didn’t give you a chance to answer before he shoved his length back inside of you going deeper than last time. You cry out in pain for a moment before an odd feeling of intense pleasure took over your senses. He grunted thrusting faster into the same intense spot your face shoved into the mattress keeping your vision dark seeming to increase the uncontrollable pressure. It was almost too much your body being torn apart by Negan then a weird part of you wanting him to go faster. 

“I can feel you about to come. Do you want a little help?” Negan purred rubbing your ass with his palm.

“What do you mean?” You mumbled into the mattress half your mouth covered. A sharp pain shot through you so intense it that your orgasm flooded your body on that pain. You trembled as you clenched and contracted around Negan’s giant cock pussy and his large finger shoved in your ass hole. 

“What the FUCK!” You scream the pleasure increasing as Negan thrust harder and deeper his cock twitching wildly inside of you hitting new and different angles. Then he pushed his finger in and out of you in rhythm with his cock. You scream out more waves of pleasure racing through you as Negan bucked like a mad man.

“Fuck (Y/N)!” Negan yells thrusting and swelling inside of you pushing against your cervix as he releases his hot semen inside of you. You gasp trying to clear your mind from the dizzying ecstasy still pulsing through your body. 

“Jesus fucking Christ doll. This pussy is something fucking special." Negan grunted pulling his finger out of your ass in a sharp jerking motion making you cry out in pain. He was silent for a moment just sitting there feeling your walls clench and moveing around his shaft.

"I couldn’t fucking bring myself to pull out." He whispered rubbing your ass and back for a just a moment. 

"When was the last time you had a period?” Negan asked seriously still buried inside of you blocking all his sperm. 

“About a week and a half ago.” You wince feeling him pushing his cock deeper for a moment before he pulled out of you agonizingly slowly.

“Then I guess we are gonna have to wait and see, but you might get a first-class ticket to stay in my fucking room for the rest of your life doll face.” Negan said sounding kind of happy about it.

“What are you talking about?” You shake your head trying to sit up and face your husband. 

“(Y/N), I just came deep inside of your tight little pussy with no condom. You’re not on the pill are you?” Negan asked casually pulling his pants back on as your world was being crushed yet again. He looked up shaking his head as he yanked your hands up to pull the belt from your wrists along with your torn bra and dress. He tossed you his T-shirt instead still studying your very sour expression.

“Judging by your grumpy ass face you are not. So, there is a very big possibility you will get pregnant since I just fucked you brain dead.” Negan laughed walking out of the room leaving you to cry alone to your self-wondering what the fuck was going to happen next.

Please write a third chapter to the negan request you wrote a while ago that was about negan taking the reader instead of Daryl and forcing the reader to marry him and he rapes her and says she migh be pregnant. Please have the third chapter about the reader does end up pregnant and negan still rapes her every night and after she gives birth to a baby boy named Asher(or another I don't care about the name to much) she tries to escape with Asher but gets caught so negan punishes her by beating her then raping her worse then usual

****1 months later****

"Have you ever been late before?" The strange doctor asks waiting for your response to write down on his medical files.