looking away to grab my clothes. I picked them up going to the bathroom to change.

"Remember you have to stay full of my cum all day. If you come out dry I will fuck again." Negan said right before I entered the bathroom. I blushed feeling wetter than nortmal in between my legs. I walked in slamming the door in frustration.

Luckily I hadn't had anything to drink in almost 2 days so my bladder was empty. I started to put my underwear on feeling uncomfortable about the cum slowly leaking from me. I tried to ignore it thinking Negan won't be with me 24/7 he can't control everything. I put my clean clothes on helping calm me down a little. 

When I left the bathroom Negan grabbed my throat pinning me to the wall. I gasped reaching up the hand chocking me not noticing his other hand. He shoved his hand in my pants quickly sliding his fingers between my wet lips.

"Mmmm good girl." He purred his hazel eyes locked onto mine. I winced feeling him go deeper to shove two fingers inside of me. I tried to shut my legs his hand making more cum leak from my walls. 

"Stop!" I choke out glaring at him. He chuckles withdrawing from my pants to lean forward kissing me aggressively. I squirmed feeling his beard on my skin different from Rick's. Negan's tongue poked against my closed lips before he let me go stepping back. 

"I love good girls. I've decided to show you around your temporary home. Help make sure your comfortable while your here." He smiled pulling his jacket on. I looked away still feeling his lips on mine. I closed my eyes letting a single tear roll down my cheek. He zipped the jacket then wrapped the scarf around his neck. "Let go before I throw you on the bed again."

I sighed another tear falling, but I followed him out of the bedroom my head hung low. He grabbed Lucille opening the main door holding it open for me to step into the dim hallway.

I keep pissing Negan off so he has to punish me to make sure I know who is in charge.

I felt like we had walked for miles up and down the different stairs and into different rooms. It was impossible to map this place out from the inside. 

"This is my men buy extra shit." Negan said looking into the metal bars. It was kind of like a store with different hygiene products and knick-knacks.

"Henry I need a pack of razors and some AA batteries please." Negan requested from the man inside the cage. Henry slid the supplies across the counter giving me a once over with his eyes. I blush feeling vulnerable under the new man's gaze. 

"Eyes to your fucking self, dick breath." Negan barked banging on the cage before yanking me down the hall. When we were alone in another plain hallway he tossed the razors at me. I caught the package of plastic looking at Negan.



"Why did you get these you don't shave?" I ask confused looking up at his smirking face.



"I noticed you were a little bushy down there. If you want more surprises like this morning you got to shave that shit." He chuckled as my face grew a bright red. I scoffed turning away from him debating on destroying the razors.



"I like it like that! It keeps unwanted guest away." I growl trying to control some small part of my life.



"It's not a request darling and if you won't do it by your self. I can easily tie you down and do it for you." He threatened as my cheeks got hotter.



I kept my head down the rest of the tour trying not to piss him off anymore. He leads me past people of all ages and races every one of them kneeling for this lunatic. He showed me off like a prize stolen from Alexandria to all of them making me feel worse. I was deep in thought when I smelled food making my stomach growl loudly again.



"Oh are you hungry little lamb? All you have to do is ask for some food." Negan smiled stopping before two double doors where the smell was coming from. I gulped as the smell made my mouth water too much.



"Can I eat please?" I asked feeling like a child. He smirked leaning up again the wall with his arms crossed. 



"I'm sorry are you talking to me? I did like the please though made me almost consider it." He mocked making me grind my teeth together. 



"Please Negan may I have some food?" I ask again not wanting to argue over a basic human right. He smiled running his tongue over his bottom lip.



"Sure darlin here have something to drink first." He stood up from the wall setting Lucille down next to him. Then his gloved hands went to the front of his pants unzipping them loudly. I closed my eyes wanting to be anywhere but here. 



"Don't make me do this please." I whisper a tear running down my cheek. His hand grabbed my