add more pressure to the sensitive bud. Your eyes close focusing on just what his hand was doing.

"Oh no baby look at me while I finger fuck you." He demands in a soft voice. You open your eyes to look deep into his just as he sinks a finger inside of you. 

"Oh," You shudder with need. His finger pulled out to the tip before going deeper curling to touch your gspot.

"So wet and ready for me." Negan moans adding another finger. You rise to up on your toes from the full feeling. His thumb went to your clit circling it before you could get away. You moan softly your eyes fluttering closed again as his fingers work a steady rhythm.



"Look at me _____." Negan ordered his free hand grabbing your chin to look up at him. You opened your eyes with desire. His thumb slows its rhythm making you whine.

"Beg me for it. Then I'll let you cum on this big cock." He chuckled pushing his fingers against your gspot. You gasp arching into the tree with enough force to make it shake.

"Negan please." You whine rubbing your legs together on his hand. He chuckled again lightly adding pressure to your clit. You whimper needing to cum your heat almost burning you alive.

"No tell Daddy what you want. Specifically." Negan growled low in his chest. Your eyes brows shoot together not wanting to sink that low with a stranger. His fingers completely stoped making you growl at him in frustration.

"Please I want your cock to make me cum. Fuck me Negan. I'm begging you." You yell out your legs grinding on his hand. He chuckled removing his hand to grab your waist. 

You were lifted and turned before you could even blink. Your knees his the grass first then your hands dig into the earth next. He was quick to mount you from behind his already hard cock rubbing up and down your soaking slit. 

"Say it again. Louder." He commanded slapping your ass with a free hand. You gasp out bucking into his thick shaft and hips.

"Negan fuck me!" You scream into the trees your shameful words echoing around. He shoved himself to your hilt bouncing your body forward. You groaned in pleasure and pain not used to being with a man as thick as him.

"Fuck Doll face your tighter than a drum." He says reading your mind. He pulled out halfway to buck deeper inside of you. Your arch into the feel of him against your butt and thighs. His hands wrap around your hips using your back to rock you harder back and forth. 



Your fingers dig into the grass pulling some of it out with intense need. Your core throbbed every time he went back inside of your walls. Your hair fell around your face casting a shadow in your vision. You focus on the feeling of your orgasm building quickly.

"Oh baby slow down a bit. I'm not close to being done with you yet." Negan purrs using your hips to stop the wild bucking motion y'all had created. You growl in frustration trying to ram yourself back onto his shaft. He chuckles pulling out all the way then just popping the tip into your entrance.

"Negan please. I'm so close." You whimper over your shoulder bringing your head up to look at him. He was smirking down at you his tongue running over his bottom teeth.

"Do you want to cum on my cock ____?" He asks with a deep knowing voice. You growl at him again your fingers digging into the dirt.

"You know I do please Negan." You scream irritated and heated. He slipped an inch further inside of you just enough to stretch around his rim.

"Beg me for it. You know what I want to hear princess." Negan demands with a quick slap on your left ass cheek. You gasp looking forward again when you bucked against him.

"Please Negan fuck me. I need you to fuck me!" You plea trying again to push back on to his shaft. He pounded into you ramming painfully against your cervix. You groan the motion sending you over the edge. Your orgasm was electric  through every nerve in your body at once.

"You can do better than that." He chuckled slapping your right ass cheek. He started bucking like a mad man his dick never leaving your trembling walls. You moaned his name repeatedly pushing back against him ever chance you got. Soon your body felt like puddy in his hands.

"Don't pass out yet." Negan growls slapping you again. You jult into awareness enough to feel his shaft stretch you wider. Your eyes close focusing on his thick length starting to throb. Negan moaned your name his fingers digging into your hips with his final thrusts. He stilled for a moment rubbing his thumbs back and forth along your back before pulling out.

"Jesus fucking fuck baby doll that was amazing. Your pussy is like a fucking wet dream come true." He says in a deep voice climbing up from the ground. He helped you stand on shaking legs holding you in his arms while you caught