bite your lip trying to push him deeper into you.

“You so fucking wet for me already (Y/N). You ready baby?” He moaned pushing his cock head in and out of you.

“Please Negan.” You grunt biting your lip as he pushes his big cock deep in your folds hitting your g-spot with a shock wave of pleasure ripping through you. He grabbed your legs opening them further to press deeper pressing into your cervix. 

“You feel do fucking good.” Negan grunted pulling out halfway to slam back into you. You grab onto his shoulders again for leverage pushing against his thrusts. 

“Fuck Negan.” You gasp your eyes shutting as he started to thrust faster and harder. You meet every thrust with your own increasing friction on your g-spot almost starting to build the burning you had felt earlier. He fucked you faster wrapping his arms around your waist to lift you a bit for deeper assess. Your hand falls to the desk for support feeling your walls clench around his shaft. He pulled out of you making you whine from the lack of cock in your needing walls. He grabbed his jacket laying it out before bending you over the desk forcefully. Negan shoved his cock into you again deeper and harder than before.

“Oh god.” You moaned out your walls clenching as the orgasm built higher and higher making your legs start to tremble in needed release. 

“You. Feel. So. Fuck. Amazing.” Negan grunted out with every powerful thrust into your pussy. Ramming your hips into the desktop, but you didn’t care. You pushed back against him letting him fuck you crazy as you chase your own pleasure. You squeeze his cock with your walls drawing moan after moan from Negan. He grabbed your hair pulling tightly and pushing you over to your much-needed orgasm.

“Negan oh fuck me harder Negan!” You scream ridding the pleasure that had you shaking under his body. He fucked you faster the desk hitting the wall with booming sounds blocking the sound of his thighs hitting your ass. Negan’s cock started to twitch inside of you hitting your g-spot over and over again just increasing your ecstasy.

“Where do you want my jizz?” He asked trying to hold on long enough for you to finish completely.

“On my ass.” You answer spent just riding the last of your intense orgasm.

“AH FUCK (Y/N)!” Negan roared pulling out of you and spraying all over your round ass. You both take your time regaining your composure and getting dressed giving each other small smiles of bliss and relaxation. 

“That was one hell of an initiation.” You sigh once fully dressed.

“I fuck the shit out of all of my new wives.” He smiled widely at your shocked face. He chuckled picking up his bat from the bathroom doorway.

“Wives? What the fuck do you mean wives?” You say getting angry at his deceit. 

“Including you, now I have six. Is that a fucking problem?” He threatened grabbing your hand before you could react. He pushed the barbed wire bat into your face the dry blood frightening you more than the weapon itself. 

“I wish you would have mentioned that before you fucked me!” You yell angrily trying to get away from him. 

“You begged me for my big cock (Y/N). It didn’t really fucking matter at the time and it doesn’t fucking matter now that I own you.” He smiled tightening his grip on your hand.

“What if I say no?” Your fighting spirit slowly fades as the crazy rises in his eyes. 

“You already said yes.” He laughed pulling you out of the office and away from your safety zone. Negan dragged you out to his waiting truck along with another truck with 2 other men in it.

“Boys this is (Y/N). My new wife, she is gonna be helping around the Sanctuary until I get her used to married life.” Negan smiled down at you pulling you to the empty car before pushing you into the cab. With no way, out of this, you sit in the truck thinking of a way to escape. Negan climbed into the driver seat and getting everyone back on the road towards his kingdom. He placed a firm hand on your legs claiming you as his yet again in his mind.

Reader fights Negan yet again trying to save a little self-respect. It backfires in a way she never thought would happen to a full grown woman.

I have not seen any actual shows with Negan or the Sanctuary so if things don't add up or sound funny you know why.

When Negan pulled up to metal gates your heart started to pound. This place was massive with walker heads and guard lining every couple of feet of the wall. You sank back in the truck seat the feeling of defeat already setting into your mind. You watch people surround the truck opening the door for Negan once the truck was turned off. With a wide smile, Negan walked to your side holding the door open and letting you get out with some dignity. You slid out not wanting to be too close