eyes darken as he watched you squeeze your tits together. "Good then just leave it on. It should fluster the men get them little fucking distracted while you work your magic." He moved back clenching his fist as he did still staring at your perfect tits. He bit his lip looking over you again "Just perfect." He smiles wide looking over you once more."Aren't I off-limits?" You asked getting your shoes and socks trying not to think about all the men that would see you like this today and probably many days to come."You can flirt with who every you want, but no one. I repeat NO ONE gets in that tight little fucking slice of heaven, but me. Understood?" He asked raising his eyebrows."I understand." You say trying to get out from his gaze as quickly as possible. He chuckled before opening the door revealing Dwight standing in the hallway, the scared man didn't look at your face but you saw his jaw clench for a second.  "Dwight this is (Y/N). She is gonna be with us today." Negan explained picking up Lucille from the hallway going in front of us to lead the way. 

2 hours later.

You were standing behind Negan listening for any signs of disloyalty. You keep fidgeting because of the soreness still left from Negan last night, Dwight was staring at you were Negan couldn't see him doing it. You caught his eyes on your still hard nipples everytime you knew someone was looking at you, you couldn't stop them from growing harder. Dwight smiled at my obvious discomfort from the actions of the day so far. I have not noticed anyone lying to Negan per say but you had seen a few white lies being told every now and again. He finished with the last Savior from the last run getting info from all angles of the run. We walked closer to the cafeteria making you nervous. You haven't been in major public in your attire yet the thought of it making you want to puke."Hey, D go get us some breakfast will ya?" Negan asked stopping before going into the full room pulling you beside him out of view of anyone else but him."Sure boss." Dwight muttered walking into the loud room then it was quite again. "Anything yet?" He asked his head lowering to your ear before he kissed your neck softly. You name off the few white lies you had noticed mostly about what had been found. The suspects probably found something small that they felt they had earned and didn't turn it in like they were supposed to. Negan pulled back when you were done talking. He had a deadly serious face on no sign of usual playful man you are used to."Do you think they should be punished?" His voice was low and threatening. Making your start to get frightened just looking up at him so close to you."I would go on the next run and catch them red handed." You say slowly trying to show no weakness."Will you come with me?" He asked leaning closer to you his lips so very close to yours."I will follow any order you give me." You say not wanting to piss him off as you try to back away from his mouth a little. "Ok, then you better fucking believe you coming with me. I've always wanted to fuck someone in my truck." He smiled kissing you quickly before you could move away. Dwight came back right as Negan pulled back from the kiss. Dwight didn't look at me just stared at Negan as he handed us the plates of food before turning to go back for his own food. Negan laughed before tugging you to the rec room where this all started. We sat down at one of the roundtables thankfully alone, it was kind of nice to eat and enjoy something with someone again. The rest of the day went exactly as the morning did just without Negan questioning so many people it ended with Negan walking me through his wives wings. You were standing awkwardly by the main door as he entertained more than one of them for more than a couple of hours. "Good night girls, Daddy will be back tomorrow." He called over his shoulder as you finally left the awkward area. Today helped you realize why you had avoided Negan, to begin with, he was a play and a fucking Psyco at that. "So I'm free to go now right?" You asked noticing you were walking further way from your bedroom."Why the rush you don't fucking enjoy my company?" He asked stopping abruptly making you run into him. "I'm just tired." You attempt to lie not looking away from him. He scoffs before leading you to his bedroom the place you feared he would be taking you. He set Lucille down next to his desk then he took off his jacket and scarf. He sat down pulling off his boots as he motioned for you to sit down as well. You sit trying not to look nervous. "What do you think of my girls?" Negan asked leaning back in his chair casually."They seem nice." You say your