investigate before – Ah!" He felt the mark of the contract begin to burn, and he could almost feel his master's distress through the symbol. Something was terribly wrong.

"Bassy? What's the matter, Darling?" Grell asked worriedly when Sebastian gasped and clutched his left hand to his body. The demon's eyes were wider than Grell had seen them in a long time, and before the reaper could ask anything further Sebastian bolted away at a sprint, his wings tearing through the old coat on his back as he leapt into the air. Grell tried to catch him but he wasn't fast enough, and before long he had lost sight of the demon completely. He stared in the direction Sebastian had gone for a few moments more, and then turned and started back to where his next soul was waiting to be reaped.

"Demons," he muttered with a small smile, baring his razor-sharp teeth. "You can never really understand what makes them tick. Hmm… Perhaps that's why they're so sexy? Well, Bassy, it was nice to see you again, even briefly. I hope that the next time we meet, neither of us is on-duty." Before long, the streets of London were empty once again, as if the demon and the Shinigami had never been there in the first place. The only trace of anyone's presence was a small slip of paper fluttering down the cobblestone street, baring its hourglass-shaped mark to the world before it too disappeared completely.


When Ciel opened his eyes again, he found himself alone in a dimly lit room, surrounded on all sides by moldy stone walls and rusty iron chains. He was lying on a stone table of sorts, stripped naked and covered with nothing but a thin white sheet. The only sounds in the room were the slow dripping of dirty water from the ceiling to the floor and the soft crackling of the torch on the opposite wall, which was so old and burnt-down it offered almost no light at all. Groaning quietly, Ciel tried to reach his right hand up to his sore head, only to find it held to the altar by a thick leather strap. He tested his other wrist and each of his ankles and found that they, too, had been tightly bound. A leather collar encircled his neck, holding his head back against the cold stone, and his heart began to race when he realized he was effectively trapped.


"Sebastian. Sebastian, where are you?" he whispered into the near-darkness, waiting for any sign that the butler was coming to rescue him. When the demon failed to appear, Ciel swallowed hard, panic beginning to make it difficult to breathe. "Sebastian! This is an order! Come here now!" A beat of silence followed, and then the door to the cold stone chamber swung open, creaking loudly on rusty hinges as the warped wood strained to fit through its frame. Ciel began to sigh in relief but stopped short, his heart leaping into his throat when he saw who had come into the room.


The man who had entered the small chamber did not say a word at first, merely staring coldly at Ciel as if waiting for the young boy to say something to him. He wore a long white silk robe, sparklingly clean despite the filthy conditions of the room around him. His face – or what little of it could be seen beneath the white mask that covered his eyes and nose – was expressionless, devoid of either compassion or fury, and the hair on the back of Ciel's neck stood on end at the sight. He knew this man's face. This man was the leader of the cult of human sacrifice that had tortured Ciel so many years ago – the very reason he had formed a contract with Sebastian in the first place!



"You!" Ciel hissed, his voice raspy as he tried to sit up and found the collar tightening uncomfortably around his throat. "Why are you here? Sebastian killed you! I saw him do it!"



The man smiled, a feline smirk that did not belong on a face like his, and chuckled mirthlessly.



"Did he now? Are you certain, little Earl Phantomhive?"



Ciel was certain his heart was going to stop beating any moment now. That voice, it couldn't be…



"S… Sebastian?"


"Yes, my lord," the demon hissed mockingly, giving an exaggerated bow before he strode over to the altar and spat in Ciel's face. He removed the white mask covering his eyes, and his face transformed into the familiar countenance of his butler; his red irises glowed brightly and his mouth was twisted into a sinister grin, all of his teeth bared in an expression of pure bloodlust. "Do you remember this place, boy? This is where you promised your soul to me, in exchange for my help in exacting your revenge. But something is wrong about this picture, I think. Well, now, let's see." Sebastian looked around the room slowly, appearing to be deep in thought. "Ah, yes,