dust a shelf if you're paying any attention at all. Why do I even bother repeating myself? You obviously haven't heard it the other fifty times I've said it. Why should that change now?"

"Angeal, I'm –"

"Don't," Angeal snapped, cutting Zack's apology short. "We're done cleaning for today, Zack; you can go home. I'm going to train. Alone," he added when Zack moved to follow him. The raven-haired boy flinched visibly, his eyes shining with hurt at the cold dismissal in his mentor's tone. Without another word, Angeal stormed out of the apartment, slamming the door hard enough to rattle some of the other objects still on the shelves in the living room. Zack turned around to begin cleaning up the broken glass, surprised to see Genesis already picking up the larger pieces with an uncharacteristically sad expression on his face.

"You really screwed up this time, Fair," he said quietly, holding up what had once been the ear on the monkey's-head plate.

"Why?" Zack almost shouted, kneeling down to help Genesis and not even noticing the small cuts he got on his knees for the effort. "What's so special about a little vase and a weird plate? They can't be that expensive, right? I'll just replace them!" Genesis shook his head, standing up to grab a broom once he had picked up the largest pieces of glass.

"It wasn't the cost that made these important, Zack," he said, staring at the younger man as if he was the biggest idiot in the world. "It was their sentimental value."

"Senti-what?" Zack asked, not familiar with the concept. There wasn't much about home he remembered particularly fondly, after all.

"Angeal's told you a little about his childhood in Banora, right? How his family was very poor and they always just barely had enough to get by?"

"Yeah…"

"Well, when we were both little children, Angeal overheard his mother talking to some of her friends about how she wished she could have new dishes in the kitchen, and how she hated that the worn-down and cracked ones were all they could afford. He wanted to help, but he was too proud even at ten years old to ask for money from my family. Instead, he saved up a little at a time by helping people out around town, doing odd jobs and yard work for them.

"When the travelling merchants visited Banora later that summer, he bought that bowl-shaped vase and that monkey plate. They were worth next to nothing, but they were all he could afford, and they were still 'dishes' in a way. His mother was so happy when he brought them home that she cried all over him. She kept them and used them every day for years, but she wanted him to take them here when he left for SOLDIER. He's kept them all this time because it reminds him of home, and of his mother."

"I had no idea…" Zack whispered, his hands shaking and his face pale. "I… I messed up something that important? Oh, gods, Genesis! What am I gonna do?! Angeal's never gonna forgive me!"

"I don't know about all that. He's a pretty forgiving guy."

But Zack wasn't listening anymore. The Gongagan boy had already dashed out of the room, clutching his wallet in his hands and praying that he could find another of those plates somewhere in Midgar before Angeal got back. Genesis rolled his eyes and resumed sweeping the floor.

"Too much energy…"

"Aww, c'moooon!" Zack muttered as he saw the words "sold out" under yet another auction site's listing of the plate. "Are you serious?! There has to be someone who still has a –" He froze, his hand on the mouse, as he stared at the last listing on the page. It was identical to the plate in Angeal's apartment, and listed for…

"Five thousand gil?! Are you kidding me?!" Zack shook his head, running his hands through his hair and making it spike up even more than usual, before he sighed and clicked on the link. "Well, I guess I'll just have to live on instant noodles for a while." He placed the order quickly, groaning when he saw that it would cost an extra five hundred gil for same-day delivery, and sat back in his chair, feeling suddenly exhausted. "Angeal had better be happy about this…"

When Angeal returned to his apartment that evening, he was beginning to feel that he had overreacted badly earlier that day. Zack had only been helping with the cleaning as a favor to Angeal, after all, and it was obvious that he was toughing out some miserable allergies just to help his mentor even though he didn't have to. Besides, how could Zack have known anything about the value of