extremely stable, and there was abundant mako in all of the pools, not to mention what must be buried further underground. Whether Lazard liked them or not, it had to be said that the Mako Research Department had really picked a gem this time. Happy to be finished so soon, Zack and Cloud packed up their belongings and headed back to the entrance of the cavern, expecting to see Angeal waiting there for them.

It took a moment for their eyes to adjust to the light again once they stepped outside, but once they did it immediately occurred to both of them that something wasn't right. It was nearly three, and yet there were no other tracks in the snow besides their own. Even in thick snow, Angeal should have caught up with them by now. So where was he? Zack stared up at the sky for a moment, trying to judge the time by the sun's position, and it was then that he realized just what had happened.

"Uhh… Cloud?" he began hesitantly.

"Hmm?"

"I, uhh… I think I messed up our directions. Completely."

"What? What do you mean?"

"I mean I think we went in completely the opposite direction we should have gone. Look up there. From where we were supposed to go, the sun should have been to the right of us at three. It's to the left right now." Cloud's face paled.

"Oh… Umm… Oops?"

"Yeah. Understatement of the century there, Spiky." Zack sighed, stifling another cough into his fist, and looked back up at the sky. "Well, that would definitely explain why Angeal isn't here yet. He's probably over at the right site already, wondering where we are."

"But this is a good thing in the end, right?" Cloud asked, smiling optimistically. "If Angeal checks out that site and it's a good one, that means we'll have found two great reactor sites, instead of just one." Zack beamed at him, realizing he was absolutely right.

"Yeah, that's true!" he said happily. "And if we hurry, we should still be able to make it back in time to cross paths with Angeal before he gets back to our original campsite. This may turn out to be a better mission than any of us thought!" With that, he spun on his heel and began heading back down the trail, leaving Cloud to run after him this time.

By the time the sun was nearing the horizon, Zack and Cloud had made it most of the way back to where Cid had brought them the day before. Both of them were ready to return to their tent and sleep for the night, and Cloud was beginning to worry a little about Zack, too. For all his effort to look energetic and lively, the SOLDIER was very obviously exhausted. Cloud could hear his footsteps growing slower and slower, and soon he had fallen so far behind that Cloud was once again forced to wait for him to catch up before moving out again. He was also coughing almost constantly now, although he tried to hide it. He hadn't said much to Cloud since they left the cavern earlier, and Cloud didn't force him to talk. If he didn't feel up to it, he'd leave him alone.

It was just before they reached their campsite that Cloud noticed he couldn't hear Zack walking behind him anymore. It had grown dark about half an hour ago, and he hadn't been paying attention to the sound of his friend's footsteps for quite a while, so he began to worry when he realized he had no idea when he had lost track of Zack. Sprinting back the way they had come, Cloud looked around for where his friend might be, trying not to let himself think about the many types of predatory creatures that loved to come out and hunt after dark. Every shape began to look dangerous, and he fought his rising panic when he shouted for Zack again and again and still received no answer.

Finally, he spotted the shape of what could only be Zack leaning against one of the trees half a mile back from where he had first begun searching. He ran to him but pulled up short when Zack held up a hand to stop him. To his surprise, the SOLDIER dropped to his knees, hacking raggedly into his fist and clutching his chest with his other hand as his eyes scrunched shut in pain. Alarmed, Cloud dropped to his knees beside him, putting a hand on his back and offering him the canteen he was carrying with him. Once he had taken a few sips of water, Zack's coughing died down, but he was still out of breath when he stood shakily and began to walk back down the path again.

"Zack, what was that?" Cloud asked worriedly when they finally reached their campsite, not liking the way his friend was wheezing shrilly now with every breath he took.

"Don't – *cough* – don't know," he rasped