of ninety-proof tequila mixed with a few drops of rum for color and complete with an agave worm at the bottom. They were definitely strong enough to knock a man flat on his ass if he did enough of them.

The bartender set the tray of twelve shots between the two men, and Vincent immediately picked one up in his flesh hand and tossed it back, coughing slightly as it burned its way down his throat. Cid did the same, grinning triumphantly when he managed not to cough at all.

"Ya sure yer up to this, Vince? It's not too late to back out." Vincent snorted and tossed back another shot.

"In your dreams."

By the time they both reached the end of the first tray of Midgar Zoloms and got halfway through a second one, both men had forgotten about the fact that they were supposed to be out-drinking each other. Vincent was holding his ninth shot and staring at the worm at the bottom as if he had never seen anything more fascinating in his life, and Cid was busy telling a story about Tifa that he could only barely understand.

"An' then when I *hic* asked 'er 'f they were real, she fuckin' punched me! Can ya *hic* believe it?"

"But y'know you're not s'posed to ask girls quest - *hic* - questions like tha'," Vincent slurred from his seat, waving his index finger at Cid in an attempt to look serious and ending up following it with his eyes instead. "'Specially when you're married."

"Yeaaah, but what man don' wonder 'bout whether they're *hic* real? Was jus' curious…" Suddenly Cid looked down at his shirt, tilting his head and appearing to be deep in thought.

"I wonder if I'd *hic* look good with boobs…"

Vincent was so taken by surprise by that statement that he shot tequila out of his nose, coughing and holding a napkin up to his face while he began to giggle to himself. Instead of hiding it as he usually would, though, he eventually ended up throwing his head back and roaring with laughter, his voice going higher than Cid had ever imagined it could as he cackled like a hyena. Cid just stared, his mouth hanging open, as the man he had rarely ever heard a chuckle from continued to laugh so hard he was turning red in the face.

"Hoo, boy…" the pilot thought as he watched the gunman continue to laugh hysterically. "I think I broke him…"

"Ahahaha… Ahaha… Aha… ha… ha… Eheheh… Oh, *hic* gods, Cid," Vincent said, wiping tears from his eyes when he finally got himself under control. "I dunno why tha' was so funnnnny, but i' was…"

"Yeh said it, man. Jes' hang on a sec, though. I gotta hit the – uh… what's the word…"

"Lavatory?" Vincent suggested, somehow still remembering bigger words than Cid even though he was even drunker than the pilot.

"No, not th' laboratory, they don' have those in bars. The uh… Bathroom! Tha's it!" The pilot hurriedly got off the stool and staggered toward the bathroom, barely managing to avoid falling onto a table that stood in the way. Vincent suddenly noticed two small objects sitting on the counter at Cid's seat: his cigarettes and lighter.

"Hmm… I wonder why he likes these s' much…" He opened the package of cigarettes, pulling out the only one left and sniffing it curiously. Well, it smelled okay… He didn't notice Cid coming back from the bathroom while slipped it between his lips, flicking the lighter open and touching the flame to the tip of the cigarette. Just before Cid could ask what he was doing, he took a deep drag from it, immediately choking on the smoke and hacking into his fist afterward. The blond just shook his head and laughed, patting Vincent on the back while he gasped and wheezed. When he had finally managed to get his breath back, Cid smacked the back of his head lightly.

"The hell're ya doin' with my cigs?" he asked, taking the now-empty pack and lighter back from Vincent and sliding them into his shirt pocket.

"Jus' - *cough* - jus' wanted to see what was s' good 'bout 'em," Vincent croaked quietly.

"Well yer not s'posed ta try inhalin' the whole thing at once, dumbass," Cid said, still chuckling as Vincent reached for another Midgar Zolom. "Uhh, Vince? Dontcha *hic* think yeh mighta had 'nough o' them things?" Vincent glared icily at him, his red eyes having trouble focusing on the pilot's face.

"Don't you drinking tell me when I've goin' had the… uh… What was I saying?" Cid sighed and slapped his forehead with his palm. He knew he had been hitting the stuff a little hard himself