"Oh, well. At least he's warm." They spent the rest of the night that way, with Vincent holding tightly to Yuffie, and the gunman stayed peacefully asleep the entire time. And Yuffie – though she would never admit it to Vincent for fear of being hung upside down from the roof – enjoyed every minute of it.

The first thing Vincent saw when he awoke the next morning was Yuffie, curled up beside him with her back against his chest. He couldn't remember why she was there, but he had no chance to dwell on it; at that moment, he was seized by a painful fit of dry, wheezy coughing that had him curled up into a gasping ball before he knew what had happened. Each rattling hack made him feel like his throat was full of liquid fire, and he barely had time to take a breath before it was cut off by another cough. Yuffie had snapped awake with the first wheeze, and she hurried out of bed and fetched a glass of water and the bottle of cough syrup in her backpack. She helped him to sit up, knowing that would help him breathe better, and held the glass up to his lips so he could drink. He sucked it down as if he hadn't had water in years, and his coughs immediately began to ease. A short time later they abated completely, and he sank tiredly back onto his pillow, holding his now throbbing head and closing his eyes.

"Hey, Vincent, I just thought of something," Yuffie said slowly as she placed the empty glass on the nightstand and began filling a little plastic cup with cough syrup. He cracked open his ruby-colored eyes and looked at her inquisitively. "You didn't get a flu shot, did you?"

"No," he rasped, hating how airy his voice sounded. "I never get sick, so there was no need." Yuffie sighed, somehow knowing he was going to say that.

"Yeah, well, now you've got a pretty nasty case of the flu." She handed him the cup of medicine and he tossed it back, grimacing at the bitter taste. "I think it's gonna get a little worse before it gets any better, even with your demons to help you." Vincent sighed, rolling over onto his stomach and burying his face in the pillow. "What are you doing now?"

"Trying to smother myself," he answered dryly.

"Why?"

"That way I can at least die with a little of my dignity intact." Yuffie chuckled, amazed that he was actually cracking a joke, and patted his shoulder sympathetically.

"You'll get through this in one piece. Don't worry. Do you feel like eating anything?" He rolled back onto his side, ignoring the sudden irritable grumble of his stomach, and nodded. She smiled and strode into the kitchen to heat up another bowl of chicken soup. When it was finished, she handed it to him and watched to see if he would be able to hold it still enough to eat it. He could this time, and although he seemed a little less eager to eat than she had expected, she was relieved to see that he seemed a little more alert once he had gotten some food into him. After a few minutes of silence, he put the empty bowl down on the nightstand and looked at her, his eyes full of confusion.

"Yuffie…" he finally said. "This morning, you were beside me when I woke up. But I don't remember how –"

"You were having a terrible nightmare, but I don't really know what it was about. You seemed really scared, and I couldn't just leave you to deal with that alone…" She felt a little guilty after that last statement, wishing she could have done more than just hold him while he suffered through it. "Once you had calmed down some, you just sorta curled up around me, so I stayed." Vincent turned a rich shade of scarlet and seemed to forget how to breathe for a second.

"I… I see. It's been a long time since I've had a nightmare bad enough for anyone to notice. Thank you, then, Yuffie."

"Any time." A disturbing thought occurred to him, and he suddenly paled and looked at her with wide eyes.

"Did I hurt you while you were trying to calm me?" he asked in a very small voice. He was terrified of what the answer would be; he knew just what those claws on his gauntlet could do to a body – it was what made them so useful in battle. Yuffie gasped, almost wanting to wrap her arms around him and cry. After all the things he had dealt with last night, the first thing he was worried about was whether she was okay?

"Oh, no, not at all! I'm totally fine!" she nearly shouted, hoping with all her heart that he would believe her and not trap himself in another net of guilt. Vincent smirked a little, then, realizing she was