bit his lip, his breathes coming quicker in anticipation. He loved it when Scorpius got all worked up, because it meant that the next twenty minutes – or more, if Albus could hold it – would be spent in heated, burning passion.

The kiss came with the expected intensity and Albus felt himself getting hard against Scorpius's stomach. Even with his eyes closed he could tell that the Slytherin was grinning. Scorpius started trailing kisses down his neck, giving Albus time to catch his breath before returning to his mouth and leaving the green-eyed boy panting through his nose, struggling not to pass out from the sheer pleasure that coursed through his body when the other boy started grinding against him.

Through his moans he heard a clashing sound of heavy metallic doors. Startled, he raised his head to see who had entered the room and in the process banged his head against the Slytherin's, who released a pained groan and sat up above Albus, clutching his forehead. Albus held himself up on his elbows and looked around the blond to see a very familiar face.

"Professor Longbottom!" he called in surprise, mortification taking over his expression as he blushed.

The man, a close friend of his parents and one of his favorite professors, was standing frozen in the entrance of the Room of Requirements with a gobsmacked expression. His pale face took on a pink hue as he took in the position of the two boys – Albus was relieved a little by the fact that Scorpius's body hid anything that could have been even more embarrassing than the situation already was – and the nature of the room; fully carpeted floor, many pillows and a large bed in the middle. It was quite obvious the boys hadn't come here to play cards, or anything remotely platonic, for that matter.

The professor opened and closed his mouth a few times, before he finally spoke. "You two, detention for being out of your dorms after curfew," he told them in a chiding tone.

Albus sneaked a glance at Scorpius, whose eyes were wide and seemed to be even more shocked than the professor. The Slytherin's lips were pressed together and he wore a deer-caught-in-the-headlights expression. Albus mentally shook his head – now was not the time to revel in how cute the other boy looked.

"How did you even get in?" was the first thing Albus could think of to say. Now that he thought about it, it really shouldn't have matter as much as the fact that the professor caught them making out.

Professor Longbottom frowned. "How did you know about this room?"

"James told me about it," Albus replied, somewhat glad the professor hadn't barged in five minutes later, when there probably would have been much more to see.

Scorpius had recovered in the meantime, and now turned to the professor fully. Albus had lost the erection he had gotten from their earlier activities, so he didn't make a motion to stop him. "Sir, we're very sorry. We won't do it again. Could we all perhaps forget about this whole thing and return to our dorms?" he asked charmingly.

The professor shook his head. "You boys should really know better,"

Albus looked down, the professor's disappointment somehow harder to take than anger would have been.

"Your father thinks you have a girlfriend in one of the Ravenclaw girls, Delia Burke," stated the professor firmly, making Albus wince.

"She doesn't mind," he said quietly.

The professor raised his eyebrows. "What do you call this, then?" He gestured with his hand at the boys.

Albus grimaced. "Kissing?" he tried.

Beside him he heard Scorpius mutter bitterly, "Just kissing? How quickly you dismiss our love?"

The professor didn't seem to have heard that, though. He sighed, and waved a dismissive hand at the double doors. "Off you go, Mr. Malfoy. That'd be ten points off from Slytherin, and ten from Gryffindor, for being out after curfew. Mr. Potter, stay for a minute."

Scorpius looked at Albus apologetically, and the dark-haired boy rolled his eyes as the other boy near-ran out of the room, desperate to get out of there, leaving Albus alone with the professor.

Albus looked up hesitantly. "Delia isn't my girlfriend," he confessed. The professor was a friend of the family, and when they were alone he felt like he had when the man used to come over for dinners sometimes – closer, less formal.

Neville sat down on the bed reluctantly, as though he was afraid they did more than just kissing on it. "Lying to your parents? Albus, you know they'd accept you no matter what," the man reasoned, disappointment again evident in his voice.

"I know. It's just Scorpius's dad…" Albus trailed off.

"Malfoy, I know. But even so, I don't believe he would deny his son the relationship he sought," Neville said,