his lips. "Yeah," he nodded in approval. They had been together for years, but only twice in that long period they had faced the most serious problems.

"I'll go home earlier, Professor," Hiroki walked faster to the door, not wanting to hear more from the dark-haired man.

He was passing by a restaurant he used to hang out with Akihiko when he saw a dark haired man he had never expected to see. Hiroki froze.

"Ah, Kamijou."

Haruhiko waved his hand, inviting him to go in.

.-.-.


TBC


 

Summary: Nowaki bitterly realized that Akihiko would always mean somebody for Hiroki.


Title : 
The One


Summary: Nowaki bitterly realized that Akihiko would always mean somebody for Hiroki.


Disclaimers: Junjo Romantica isn't mine.



.-.-.



Chapter 5



.-.-.


Hiroki had wanted to flee right at the moment he saw his friend's brother. But the strong aura surrounded Haruhiko was inexplicably powerful he felt forcefully rooted to the spot.

"Come in. Wouldn't it be nice if we have a small talk, friend of my brother?" the older man pulled his shoulders and dragged him inside.

No matter how harsh Akihiko usually expressed his hatred and disdain towards his half brother, Hiroki found Haruhiko very charismatic. His cold demeanor even stood out amongst all around him.

However, sometimes during his visits to his friend's house, Hiroki would meet the older brother. At very rare fleeting glances, Hiroki felt he saw something glint in the man's eyes. Loneliness and envy danced across his impassive features and orbs. Hiroki knew the stories of his friend's family, had heard a lot of his 'crimes' from Akihiko and in the end he pitied Haruhiko's position as the illegitimate child intruding the serenity of the big manor.

"What do you want to eat?"

Food was definitely not something Hiroki desired now. His smart conscience had just registered in his head. He cursed himself mentally.

"I'm not hungry," was the brief answer.

Although the man's glinted glasses shielded his eyes, Haruhiko could send his intimidating glance by his hawk-like orbs. Even the demon-Kamijou was fidgeting under such intense stare.

"It's a nice coincidence meeting you here," as usual, regardless of how cold the tone lingered the man's voice, Hiroki could always sense friendliness in it.

"Sure, Usami-san," Hiroki nodded approvingly.

"It's been ages since the last time I met you," Haruhiko leaned onto the chair. "It seems like yesterday I remember a small boy was in despair because he couldn't get into his house, and now, sitting before me is that boy who has transformed into a mature man(-)."

Hiroki frowned. Much to his chagrin, Haruhiko always acted as if he had been years older than him and treated him like an uncle to his nephew, while in reality that man was only three or four years older. He didn't know why the bespectacled man liked to mock him about the age gap between them. But deemed from his age and the height difference, it somewhat could be understood why Haruhiko felt he was superior.

"I will never forget your deed to me on that day," even after years had passed, Hiroki still felt embarrassed no matter how many times Haruhiko repeated to remind him of how he was cold and hungry at that time.

Haruhiko maintained his trademark-stoic-face although deep inside he was amused watching the brunette man before him blush uncomfortably like a school girl.

"You're not that careless again, are you?"

"What do you mean? If you ask me about keys to my house, I sadly inform you that your delusional about me being trapped outside my own house again never manifests," unconsciously Hiroki snarled to his friend's half brother. "Besides, I'm a perfectionist. I don't tolerate any carelessness occurs twice even for myself."

"I see," the elder Usami idly pushed up his glasses. "That's why you become a lecturer now. I can truly see the reason."

Hiroki scrutinized the taller man once his blush receded. "Aren't you busy? I'm sure being one of the heirs of Usami group doesn't grant you much free time to just spend with other people for idle talk."

Dark eyes dropped a little. "I'm not a robot, Kamijou," the man sighed. "I need some leisure time for myself. You still keep in touch with my brother, don't you?"

The brunette got a feeling Haruhiko was trying to change the subject but he complied. "Indeed I do. Not intensely but he still informs me his well being."

Something flashed across Haruhiko's visage. The line of his face hardened and his eyes were cold.

Unintended, Hiroki had led the conversation to a totally different subject. Just when his aptitude started to strike, he realized his mistake. He didn't want to intrude anyone's personal issues, especially when the affairs involved the person he had come to respect and his ex-crush.