apprehensive of what he was about to confirm.

"Nowaki," he called out after flopping himself next to the man. He let one of his legs dangle from the couch while another one was crossed. It was not a comfortable position but Hiroki just wanted to face his boyfriend.

"Yes, Hiro-san?" Nowaki spared him a glance before turning back to his book. Somehow it didn't sit well with Hiroki. Usually every time he spoke, Nowaki would willingly give all of his attention to him.

"You..." contrary to the firm determination that had once existed, Hiroki was lost of words. "You're busy, aren't you?"

Nowaki frowned. He turned his head and put his book on his laps. "You meant my work? Sorry I didn't get it," he smiled apologetically. "If you mean my state now, well, I'm not busy, just read this," he raised the book.

Inwardly Hiroki cursed himself for stupidly uttering such an ambiguous question.

"Do you want to say something?" Nowaki asked back. His tone was weary.

Hiroki didn't like the sound of it. It was as if the younger man talking to him just like an acquaintance did.

"I..." he started to fidget. Unconsciously he gripped his pants. "You've changed. You... Darn it!" instead of conveying his thoughts verbally, Hiroki stuttered a swear word.

Nowaki gasped, totally taken aback. "What have I done that I deserved your curse?" he sadly asked. What he didn't comprehend was that the word wasn't directed to him.

Hiroki was agape. "No, it's not you, Nowaki," he inhaled deeply. Why did the air suddenly feel suffocating? People thought nothing and nobody could waver the demon- like Kamijou. He had a sharp tongue and harsh attitude. Who could guess that the only one who could turn him upside down lay in a tall and angel-like figure with pitch black hair and deep blue eyes?

The brown-eyed-man's enigmatic words started to grate on Nowaki's nerves. "Just spit it out, Hiro-san. I really need to read this book. Or," he gave an option. "You talk and I listen and read at the same time."

"So, I'm less important than that stupid book of yours?" Hiroki retorted. He was deeply upset at the thought. He had cursed himself but his beloved misunderstood it and thought the swear word was for him.

"You're the one who lost your head first," Nowaki squarely gazed to the man. It's not his nature to speak harshly to others, and it's totally against his will to give Hiroki even the slightest piece of his minds. "I didn't understand anything and suddenly you blew your top. What happened?" he reiterated.

"What happened? I should be the one who asked that to you."

Nowaki stared in disbelief. "To me? Did you get out of bed on the wrong side this morning? You blamed me for what?" unconsciously he raised his voice.

This surprised the older man. Had his sweet-tempered Nowaki just snapped at him?

Maybe Nowaki saw the surprise and hurt in the other man's eyes. "Sorry, Hiro-san," he quickly apologized. "I didn't mean to yell at you. I'm sorry."

"That's why I said you changed," Hiroki quietly queried. "You hardly snarled at me before."

Nowaki sighed heavily. "I guess I'm just a little bit tired. My patients really racked my brains, energy and time. Perhaps that contributed to my foul mood."

Brown eyes darkened. "You have time for your patients but not for me."

The words caught the black haired man off guard. Had he detected some kind of jealousy in his man's tone? If Hiroki's blushing face confirmed his suspicion, he chose to be quiet about it-at the moment. "My work has got more demanding, Hiro-san," he explained. "I do realize that we barely spend time together lately. I promise I'll make it up once everything settled in the hospital."

"Not only that," Hiroki pressed. "You become quiet." The old Hiroki wouldn't have phrased something like that but he definitely had learned a lot since the separation between them two years before. The art of communication. Nothing could be conveyed without words.

"There is no reason other than that, but it's truly my work that sets me like this," he extended his big hand and gently ruffled his lover's silky hair.

The contact appeased Hiroki to boot. While slightly leaning to the touch, he studied the tired face before him. Since when did Nowaki have that much cheek bone? Despite of his tall figure, his profile got lankier. It saddened him. "You eat properly, don't you?"

"I do, don't worry," the younger man assured Hiroki.