out a low moan that shot straight through Remus.  He swallowed, feeling an echo of memory at that thick cock pressed to his lips, against his tongue, before he took it all in.  The anticipation of the taste of male skin and precome made his mouth water. 

Remus cleared his throat, met Sirius’s eyes, then strode to the other side of the room.  “Let me know when you’re done.”  

He smiled as Sirius cursed but didn’t turn back at his name.  Even when Sirius moaned it.  He could tell Sirius didn’t want to get off to his own hand, he was probably only even half hard.  What Sirius wanted, what he needed was Remus.  But Remus wanted to win first.

It took less than ten seconds for Remus to hear the sound of the water shutting off.  The padding of wet feet followed as a dripping Sirius strode up behind him, towel slung low on his narrow hips, black tendrils of hair snaking over his shoulders and back.  Remus turned around and smiled.  

“All done?”

Sirius grumbled before pulling Remus by the nape of his neck into a hard kiss.  There was nothing else Remus could do but melt into it.  He gave in, threading his slender fingers into damp hair, down Sirius’ back and clutching him tight.   

“You win, alright?” Sirius breathed against his lips before rutting his hips against Remus, pinning him to a wall.  “Just touch me.”

Remus was all too happy to oblige.  Pressing his palms to Sirius’ warm chest, he caused Sirius to take a small step back.  He watched Sirius shiver as his cool fingers traced down heated skin, coming to rest only at the drape of cloth across his abdomen.  

“What exactly do I win?” he asked smugly, amazed to see Sirius’ breath hitch, his abdominal muscles tighten in anticipation as his fingers traced along the length of the towel.  Sirius closed his eyes as Remus’ touch moved to his back, short fingernails running up and down his muscles, leaving shallow red marks that would disappear in minutes.  With a low moan Sirius bucked his hips, pressing into Remus, the rigid rod of his cock seeking attention.  Remus pushed him back and he swore Sirius let out a low whimper.

“Do I win, this?” Remus asked, running a long finger up Sirius’ covered length.  

“Fuck, whatever you want Moony,” Sirius whispered, pressing into his touch as Remus placed his palm against Sirius’ cock.  He could feel its heat, its need through the fabric, how it twitched and thickened under his grasp.  With a firm touch, Remus palmed him, deepening the pressure as Sirius rutted against his hip, words of pleading escaping his perfect lips. 

It still seemed surreal each time they were together.  Remus could not believe that such a perfect man could possibly want him this much.  He reasoned that the universe must be trying to make up for the curse of his lycanthropy by giving someone who loved him so much, cherished and needed him.  And also wanted to be kissed, sucked and fucked into oblivion.

Remus realized he had probably tortured his boyfriend long enough, though he could easily drag it along for a few more agonizing minutes.  Yet now he only wanted to give in, to allow himself and Sirius all the pleasure they were forced to push aside, to wait for when they were in class, studying, or had nosy roommates that wouldn’t give them a moment to themselves.  The moments they were forced to postpone when their kisses in the library were interrupted, or the touch of a hand upon a thigh was getting much too heated for Potions class.  Remus knew that at any moment someone could walk into the locker room, to gaze upon their state of undress and indecency, yet at the moment he could not be bothered to care.  He needed Sirius and Sirius needed him and detentions be damned.  

Pulling Sirius into a heated kiss, tangling their tongues and tasting the other boy’s moans, Remus whipped off the towel to pool at their feet.  With quickly warming fingers Remus gripped Sirius, taking his thick cock in his grasp and pulling at him hard.  Sirius rocked into his touch, cursing a string of words that would have made McGonagall give him detention for a week.  

Then he turned, pressing Sirius to the wall and spreading his legs apart with his own knee.  With tortured slowness, Remus rutted against Sirius, holding him still as he allowed his boyfriend to feel how hard he was for him, how much he wanted him in return.  Sirius moaned, inching his hips forward, seeking to rub their cocks together in a harsher rhythm that Remus currently allowed.  

“Damn, I need you so bad,” Sirius muttered, gasping as Remus stroked him again, his eyes closing at the overwhelming touch.  

Sirius’ cock felt so hot and heavy in his hand, twitching with need, wet with water droplets and sticky precome.  Slowly Remus smoothed his thumb over the soft round head, watching as Sirius closed his eyes, gasping into his touch, pressing his hips forward erratically.  He loved making Sirius go wild for him