more than ever, being the only one who knew about their relationship. Hopefully Sirius would forgive him.

With a sigh Remus righted himself and ran his hands through his hair, willing away the compounding stresses of the day that kept piling upon him.

Remus spent the morning distracted as he thought of what to say to break things off with Will. Luckily Sirius quickly forgave him after a muttered apology at the breakfast he almost missed, slinging his arm around Remus with his normal enthusiasm and lack of respect for personal space that had come to define their friendship. Remus barely paid attention in History of Magic and then almost completely ruined his potion, though luckily Sirius was watching him with a shrewd eye and saved the draught before it was a complete waste. At lunch he wasn't hungry, just pushed the innards of his meat pie around until the meal was over.

As lunch came to an end and students began to file out to their last double class of the day, Sirius pulled Remus aside.

"Something on your mind Moony?" Sirius enquired once everyone was out of hearing.

"What?" Remus asked, not paying the least bit of attention.

"What do you mean 'what?' You've been distracted all day!" Sirius said in exasperation.

"Look I...I'm just trying to think of what to say," Remus replied cryptically.

"Well that doesn't usually take so much effort for you...maybe for Pete…"

Remus rolled his eyes, "Never mind then if you're just going to joke."

"What? No, okay I'm sorry Moony, I'm serious...and I don't mean that as a joke either!" he cried, pulling Remus' sleeve as he tried to walk away after the pun on his name. When Remus stopped and sighed, Sirius put a hand on each of his shoulders and looked him in the eye.

"If you want to talk, you know I'm here right?"

"Yeah I...thanks Sirius," Remus said, reaching up to touch one of Sirius's hands briefly. "There's just something I have to do later, but can we talk about it after?"

"Sure Moony, whatever you need," Sirius replied and surprised Remus with a quick hug. Remus took the moment to relax, to take in the feel of Sirius's arms wrapped around him, his long hair tickling his nose, the smell of his freshly washed robes mingling with the soap Sirius always used. He could stay like this forever.

But of course the moment ended all too soon and Remus found Sirius smiling up at him and it was impossible not to smile back.

"Come on, can't be late to zone out in another class," Remus laughed as both boys walked together to Muggle Studies.

Thankfully both Remus's mood and ability to concentrate improved as the day went on, especially with Sirius beside him to lighten the atmosphere. Finally on his own though, Remus entered the Potions classroom to find Will already there waiting for him, and his chest once again grew tight with trepidation.

Will smiled his normally handsome smile at Remus, and he attempted it in return as best he could, all the while revising what he would say to the other boy once they could be alone. Professor Slughorn bumbled around in the background as Will helped Remus with his studies, though every touch of their hands that had once set off sparks of excitement now caused a cold chill to grow in Remus' stomach. He liked Will. A lot. Yet, this just could never be, for so many reasons. And later he'd have to tell the other boy precisely that. He knew Will could tell he was distracted, and a concerned look seemed to often cross the other boy's face as Remus' restlessness quickly made itself known.

"I think...perhaps we should call it quits for the day?" Will asked as Remus forgot something he should already know for the second time. Remus nodded gratefully and the boys cleaned up their potions supplies and headed to the door.

"Remus, is...is everything alright? You seem…" Will started before Remus could interrupt him.

"Can we...could we find somewhere to talk?" Remus asked, glancing around the empty corridor.

"Sure, um, I think there's an empty classroom down the hall," Will said, the worry evident in his tone as he led the way past a suit of armor and opened the doors to a disused room.

Remus glanced about, noting the dust in the air and upon every desk and chair. At least there was no chance they'd be interrupted. With a sigh he closed the door behind him and made his way toward Will who was half perched on one such ancient desk.

"So…" Will started, taking one of Remus's hands in his own and cocking an eyebrow at him.

"Look...I don't know how to say this," Remus began.

"How to say what? That you're still crazy about Sirius?" Will deducted, furrowing his brow slightly.

Remus simply stood