hips forward, Sirius gave Remus what he desired.  His cock was swollen, thick with want, the tip reddened and slick where precum had slid from it to drip down his long fingers.  He looked over to see Remus had taken out the other boy, was playing with his cock, sliding his fingers along the thickened length.  The sight made him so hot he almost couldn’t stand it.  He pressed down tight on his cock, drawing a deep breath before leaning back.  

Remus sensed that Sirius needed a moment to steady himself, so he turned to Padfoot, looking up into those grey eyes he loved so much as he pulled his hips gently closer.  

“I need you to suck me Moony,” Padfoot pleaded, and Remus was more than happy to oblige.  

Wrapping his mouth around the thick head, he took the other boy in deep, pressing his tongue along the underside, moaning around his hot mouthful.  He remembered how scared he’ been the first time he’d done this with Sirius, how afraid of the taste, fearful of choking.  Now he loved it.  

“Damn, I want that too,” he heard Sirius say, and opened his eyes to see the other boy had moved closer, much closer.  His cock practically pressed to Remus’ face as he panted and continued to stroke himself.  

Taking Padfoot from his mouth, Remus looked between the two before taking them both in hand and wrapping his lips around Sirius’s cocks.  His mouth was obviously not big enough to fit much of either, but he stretched his jaw wide as he sucked, flicking his tongue between their heads and lapping at the precum he tasted.  

Both boys above him moaned, bucking their hips, and Remus kept his eyes open to take in the incredibly erotic sight.  Their identical cocks, hard and pressed together, were almost enough to make him come on the spot.  Gripping each of them, his mouth full and his own cock heavy, Remus could barely stand it.  He was so close, so tantalizingly close.  Both boys now had their hands fisted in his hair, gripping his head, slowly rocking him forward and pushing him back along their thick lengths.  Sirius’s knee still pressed against his groin, grinding in its immediacy to get him off, but he hardly needed it.  He would probably have been able to come untouched with two Sirius’s alone.  Two Sirius’s who were currently fucking his mouth.  

Suddenly it was all too much and Remus bucked him hips, moaning before releasing his mouthful, arching his back as he came hard.  Sirius dipped down for a kiss, capturing the groan with his lips as Padfoot’s fingers found his cock, gripping him through the fabric of his pants and wringing out every last bit of his orgasm.  Remus panted, feeling his muscles begin to relax as the wetness spread in his pants, blushing as he realized he’d come without either of them actually even touching his naked cock.  

After a moment Remus looked up to see both boys, wearing identical grins of satisfaction, gazing down on him.

“You like that Remus?” Sirius said, brushing his fingers against his damp trousers.  Remus shuddered in response.  

“Hmm, but what am I to do?” Padfoot said, looking down at his own aching length.  

“Hey, me too,” Sirius said, feigning hurt, gripping himself before looking down at Remus.  “I wonder how we can get Moony back in the mood?”

“Oh?” Padfoot seemed to ponder this.  “Well he thinks I’m hot.”

“And he know’s I’m bloody gorgeous.”

“Maybe if we kiss?”

Remus was sure all the blood in his entire body instantly ran straight back to his flaccid cock.  

“I wonder if he’d like that?”

“Shall we find out?”

Sirius leaned forward, across Remus’s legs, and wrapped his fingers in Padfoot’s long dark hair, pulling him in for a hard kiss.  There was nothing gentle in the way their lips clashed, claiming, demanding and so incredibly breathtaking.  Remus watched as Padfoot’s thumb slid up Sirius’ jawbone, holding him tight, while Sirius’ hand fisted the other boy’s hair, all the while their mouths hungrily slanting over one another.  Groaning, Remus shucked off his dampened pants, throwing them over the edge of the bed before he turned back to watch once more.  He was sure he’d never see anything more erotic in his life.  

Remus reached down tentatively to touch himself, shivering as his already sensitive length was once again hard and wanton.  He was still stick with precum, his fingers finding easy purchase as he ghosted them along the substantial length, groaning into his own touch.  Then he looked up, catching two pairs of grey eyes watching him, and blushed, ducking his head.

“Don’t stop on our account,” Padfoot said, his voice low with hunger as his eyes ran over Remus’ cock.  

Sirius nipped lightly at the other boy’s lip, trailing one hand down the chest beside his, identical to his own in every way, and splayed