once more and the faint grey of predawn receded behind his closed eyes.

Soft yellow dawn drove back the shadows as Remus stirred awake once again.  His eyelids fluttered, attempting to focus his still bleary eyes as he felt soft fingers caress him.  One hand made its way tantalizing around his upper thigh, the other up under his shirt, tracing his stomach before suddenly stopping, stiffening…

Remus gasped and pulled away, crossing his arms over his shirt and holding it down to hide his body as best he could.  In the grip of horror and embarrassment, Remus sprung from the side of the bed, searching frantically for the remainder of his clothes as a raspy voice caught his attention.

“Please, Remus come back,” Sirius pleaded.

“Sorry I have to go,” Remus replied without looking back, knowing it would be his undoing.  If he did, Sirius could break his heart.  “It’s been...I mean thank you...I just…”

A warm hand grasped his wrist softly, so loose that he could easily break free if he wished.  The rustle of sheets to Remus’ side indicated that Sirius has moved to the edge of the bed.  Remus looked away but somehow couldn’t bring himself to leave quite yet.  

“I forgot.  I didn’t mean to...Remus please, just...just don’t leave.”

Sirius sounded so forlorn that Remus couldn’t help but meet his eyes.  Then he was lost.  The raw emotion swirling in those grey depths just about undid him and Remus fell forward into Sirius’ surprised arms.  

“It’s okay,” Sirius said softly, his hands stroking soothly in Remus’ hair.  “I’m sorry, I really was just sleepy and wanted to touch you.  It was so perfect waking up next to you, I didn’t mean…”

“No it’s...it’s alright,” Remus said into his shoulder, taking a steadying breath before pulling back and meeting the other man’s eyes.  “I should've been more careful.  This is why you...you were my first.  I just couldn’t risk it.”

“Risk what?  Remus whatever it is, I don’t think it’s as bad as you’re leading on.”

“For someone, you especially, to see.  It’s...it’s disgusting,” Remus said, swallowing past the emotion threatening to burst forth.  Damn, this was harder than he’d thought.  He should never have stayed the night, never have fallen for Sirius, never dared to hope that he could have someone who would care about him.  Because once they saw…

“Look, if it’s scars…” Sirius stopped when Remus’ eyes widened.  “That’s what I felt when I touched you right?”  Remus nodded and Sirius let out a sigh.  “They don’t bother me, really Remus, why would I let a little thing like that…”

Remus winced.  “They’re not little...there’s a lot.  It’s...hideous.”

Sirius set his face determinedly, his gaze unwavering on Remus as he held him by the shoulders.  “Remus.  I.  Don’t.  Bloody.  Care.  Scars, no scars, they don’t make a bit of difference to me.  Now stop trying to find a reason to run away!”

Remus sat there stunned.  Was he...could he have been looking for an excuse to run off before getting hurt, not even giving Sirius a chance to actually accept him?  He was so disgusted with his own body, not even willing to glance upon himself in the mirror, but could someone else not see the same flaws he did?  Or overlook them as he had never been able to?  He was so overwhelmingly biased about his self-hatred that he had never even considered that someone, someone so kind and open like Sirius, might be able to look past his scars.

“Okay,” Remus said softly, his throat tight as he looked down, his hands clenched in a death grip to the hem of his shirt.  

“Do you believe me thought?” Sirius asked and Remus nodded after a moment.

“I believe you think that now…” he replied.

Sirius let out an exasperated noise and threw back his head. “Then show me!  I’m not going to gasp in horror and run!  Give me some credit Remus!”

“Look, I’m trying, it’s just not that easy for me.”

“I want to help.  Please let me?”

Remus arched his head back, looking at the ceiling as he swallowed his pain, his eyes clenched shut.  He didn’t know if he could do this.  To be this open and honest with someone.  Of course James knew about his scars, had seen them when they were boys.  But it wasn’t the same.  Sirius was someone new, someone who hadn’t cared about him long enough that scars wouldn’t change anything.  He could just picture it, the disgust, the revulsion at his marred skin.  How Sirius would try