most pathetic tone. He’d thought Remus would appreciate the homage.

Said werewolf leaned against the counter and dug a fork into the flaky crust and ate a mouthful. Sirius decided to see if his puppy-dog eyes still worked. Apparently he’d lost his touch or Remus had built up an immunity while he’d been away.

Sirius looked down at the soft material, taking one of the cute howling wolves between his fingers. “I like them though. They look like you...they’re...cute.”

“You think I’m...cute.” Remus looked over at him, his face deadpan.

“Well...I mean when you’re not bloodthirsty,” Sirius shrugged.

“Uh huh,” Remus said, cocking an eyebrow.

“When you’re playful you get this wolfy smile and sometimes you curl up like a croissant,” Sirius grinned.

Remus simply stared for a half a minute before his lip twitched. Then he handed Sirius a plate of food and sat beside him. Sirius smiled triumphantly.

“Mmph this is incredible Moony!” he said around a mouthful of food. “The house elves have nothing on your cooking.”

“Flatterer,” Remus said, but Sirius saw a faint smile as the other man shook his head.

Sirius must have been more hungry than he’d thought for he went through two servings before sighing and sitting back in his chair.

“I don’t ever want to move again,” Sirius murmured as he closed his eyes.

“Well I’m going to cut your hair now, so that would be wise, at least for the next few minutes,” Remus advised, coming up behind Sirius with the scissors.

Sirius heard Remus mutter the charm to turn his hair back to black before the other man stooped and began to trim his overly long locks.

“Want me to stand?” Sirius asked, realizing Remus was practically on the floor.

“In a minute. Just rest, I can take the ragged ends off first.”

Sirius listened to the snipping of the sheers for a bit as the other man worked, wondering just how much Remus would take off. As long as it wasn’t too short, he really didn’t care. Although he recalled Remus saying he liked it long. Weird.

“Okay stand up,” Remus instructed, so Sirius bit back a groan and stretched, sneaking a peak over his shoulder.

“Hey, you cut off practically nothing!”

“What do you mean?” Remus said, standing as well. “It was past your ass, now it’s to your back. Be grateful. And hold still.”

Sirius puffed air through his nose but settled into place once more as Remus took the jaggedness off the damp ends, stopping every so often to run it through his fingers to check the length. It felt incredibly relaxing. Every so often Remus would run a comb through, snip a bit, then brush his fingers through his scalp. Sirius let out a contented noise.

“All done,” Remus said, but continued to touch Sirius’ hair. It felt oddly familiar, like when Sirius used to lay his head in Remus’ lap at Hogwarts as the other boy read and Remus would absently stroke his hair.

“Let’s sit on the couch,” Remus suggested, and Sirius wondered if the other man was remembering the same thing. Without a word Remus sat down,folding one knee up and grabbing a book while Sirius laid down on the other side, his head resting on Remus thigh. Remus reached out absently to resume brushing his long fingers through the damp strands.

“Want me to turn on the tv?” Remus asked, nodding at the box Sirius only now realized existed.

“Oh...yeah sure. Put on whatever,” Sirius said. Not like he was caught up on any shows. Just having something mindless to focus on instead of dwelling on his own dark thoughts would be a blessing.

Remus clicked it on and put his hand back, nose still in his book.

Within five minutes, between the hum of the television, the soothing strokes of Remus fingers and the warmth of his body, Sirius was fast asleep.

Thank you as always Pariya for your amazing inspiration, help, and gorgeous artwork and Rachel for editing!For those of you waiting for things to get steamy, the wait is almost over!  Ch 5 will be explicit I promise (sorry I love to torture you all with a good slow burn)

Remus has a difficult time dealing with Sirius's nightmares, secrets, and waking up with Sirius pressed against him every morning.  So why take a cold shower when you can have a hot one?


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          





 

Remus looked down at Sirius where he slept in his lap and smiled. It was amazing how sleep took off years and cares from the other man’s face. If he closed his eyes, he was transported back to Hogwarts. Back to the common room where they’d sit like this for hours. Him studying, Sirius doing anything but studying, as they’d relax by the fire in overstuffed chairs on chilly fall