be your… Ah!”

John wasn’t given the chance to finish before Ravishan devoured him, guiding the other man’s cock deep into his mouth and sucking fervently. Arching into that delicious warmth, John became lost, consumed by the blinding pleasure of his lover’s skillful tongue and lips working his throbbing erection relentlessly. No man had ever made John feel this way. Even with his limited experience, Ravishan’s abilities far surpassed any other partner John had ever taken, his need to please and learn from his lover expanding his skills with each new union of their insatiable bodies. John had always loved Ravishan’s amazing smile, but now knew that his mouth held much more salacious talents. Those full lips and wide grin could instantly transform from sumptuous to sensual as he took John deep, wrapping his ample girth perfectly in their hungry embrace.

And then there was his tongue. John shuddered as he felt Ravishan suck him slowly yet skillfully, the tip of his tongue dancing over the surface of his shuddering cock, coaxing small pearls of cum forth as he fought to maintain some semblance of control. But it was all an illusion. Ravishan held him captive, tight in his grasp, and could make John come with a simple flick of his tongue. And John knew it.

John suddenly felt selfish. Though the previous time they had performed such an act, Ravishan had orgasmed from merely sucking him off, yet John wished to touch his lover, to coax him to climax and feel his body shudder in unabashed fulfillment against his own. Without waiting another moment for his selfish urges to once again take hold, John disengaged Ravishan from himself before pushing him onto the bed. John knelt over his lover, studying his lean body with ravenous intent, then pulled the last vestige of clothing from Ravishan’s hips. But when John leaned forward, ready to crush Ravishan’s lips to his own, he saw an unexpected pout grace his countenance.

“What’s wrong?” John wondered aloud, his fingers trailing Ravishan’s fine skin, attempting to soothe his troubled lover.

“Nothing,” Ravishan answered, but took it back almost instantly when John furrowed his brow knowingly. “Alright, not nothing. It’s just...why do you always get to be...you know… in charge?”

John tried his hardest not to laugh. Although Ravishan was growing in skill, his lack of experience had always lead him to acquiesce to John’s greater expertise. But he was no longer the naive young man John had guided through the ways of sex. They had been through so much together recently that it was impossible for John not to expect, even want equality in every single aspect of their relationship. Ravishan was a man and he wanted to prove it.

 

“I don’t have to be,” John conceded, gazing adoringly at his lover. John kissed Ravishan with a chaste promise, pulling away to see that beautiful smile once again upon his delighted lips. Shifting his weight, John settled back on his knees, allowing Ravishan to scramble out from under him. Mirroring John, Ravishan sat up, a worried look flashing briefly in his eyes as he realized he had actually gotten his wish. Now he was in charge.

John attempted to suppress a glib smile while watching Ravishan’s serious expression as he decided what to do next. Coloring slightly, the ushiri grabbed John by the hips, pressing their bodies together before kissing him deeply. This at least he knew how to do. And well. John let himself be lead, delighting as Ravishan darted his tongue to dance with his own and grabbed him by the nape of his neck to crush their lips together in fervent desperation. Then he began to move. Rocking slightly at first, Ravishan soon was moaning into John’s mouth as their cocks pressed together, heads and shafts grinding in a mixture of heat and friction as each man grew harder from the other’s mounting desire.

Ravishan’s thin fingers then began to trace their way down John’s muscular back, finding purchase finally on his ass, cupping and squeezing the soft flesh wantonly. But he went no farther. Only then did John realized his lover was actually wary to proceed and would take a bit of urging. With the patience of a teacher for his apt yet naive pupil, John grabbed Ravishan's shaking hand, licking his fingers languidly before guiding them back where they started. Ravishan’s eyes went wide and John could tell he’d forgotten to breathe as he watched John slowly part his muscular thighs, allowing him entrance.

But Ravishan still did not move. Looking into his lover’s eyes, John thought he saw a question there that was not voiced. Then a hand on his chest pushed at him tentatively. Ravishan wanted him to lie down. John nodded slightly as Ravishan gave him a real push, toppling him onto his back with Ravishan now above. His confidence growing, Ravishan gripped John’s thighs, spreading his legs further while gazing intently between them. John leaned back and closed his eyes, relinquishing himself to his lover’s ministrations and at the same time rightly knowing