Sirius said nothing so he shook his head and made for the other boy’s trunk.

“Er, whatcha doing Moony?” Sirius asked as Remus pulled out a pair of tight distressed jeans from within.

“Well if you think I look shite in my own clothes, it’s only fitting I borrow yours.”  Remus pulled off his own jeans and put on Sirius’, buttoning them as angrily as possible.  “Damn these are snug, how do you do it?”  He turned to look at himself, raising an eyebrow at his reflection.  Actually he knew exactly why Sirius wore these particularly tight jeans, they hugged the boy’s perfect ass so well that any discomfort was well worth it.  Though Remus didn’t think he looked an ounce as attractive as Sirius did in them, the results were not half bad.  

“And you know what?” Remus said, turning his head to glare at his friend, “I don’t care what you say, or can’t say apparently.  I love the jumper you gave me.  I’m wearing it.  Even if you tell me I am the height of grandpa aesthetic.  Or whatever.”  Pulling the jumper from the pile of discarded attempts, Remus threw it back on.  He glanced at Sirius in the mirror but was unable to read his befuddled expression.  If the jeans didn’t go with the jumper, or his eyes, or his lycanthropy, he was sure to hear it from Sirius’ mouth in about .27 seconds.

“You’d better not say a single word.  I’m not changing again,” Remus huffed, turning back to attempt to straighten his hair.  It had gotten long, the back just reaching his shoulders in sandy blond waves that he took a moment to tame.  

“So…” Sirius started and Remus turned to give him his best get-off-my-lawn-you-damn-kids expression.  “So you really like her?”

“Uh…” Remus wasn’t sure how to answer that.  Victoria seemed...nice.  

“I mean, like you want to, you know, date her?  Hold hands and stuff?”

Remus shrugged.  “I guess?”  Honestly he hadn’t given much thought to what the date would entail.  He could probably find it within himself to hold her hand, but the thought didn’t exactly excite him.

“Have you ever, you know, held hands?  With a girl?”

“Well no, but I’m sure I can figure out the physics of it,” Remus said, cocking an eyebrow.  Sirius seemed strangely concerned and he could not for the life of him figure out why.

“What about...kissing?”

Remus shook his head.  “I’m not kissing her on the first date.”

“But what if she wants to?  Do you know how?” Sirius said, standing shakily and walking toward him.  

Remus frowned.  “What, should I go to the library and do some reasearch on it?  Really Sirius, it’s just one Hogsmeade trip without you lot.  Get over it.  Maybe try to be happy for me.”

“But, are you happy?  With her?” Sirius stopped a foot away from him and Remus squared his shoulders.  He was tired of this, of Sirius trying to sabotage his date, being stupidly unhelpful when all Remus wanted was some kind of support.  

“Well I’m a lot happier with her than I am with you right now!” Remus all but shouted, regretting it just a little when Sirius suddenly looked like a kicked puppy.

Sighing, Remus shook his head and took a moment to calm himself.  “Look, she’s taking attention away from you, I get it.  But can’t you just let me have this?”

“Moony,” Sirius said sadly.

“What do you want from me Sirius?  To make me miserable?  Congratulations, I’ll be sure to give you some house points for your achievement.  Alright?  You got me.  I’m settling.  I’m going to Hogsmeade with her cause I can’t go with who I really want.  Ten points to Gryffindor.”

“Really?” Sirius said, his face lighting up.

“You know I didn’t really give you points right?” Remus sighed.  He straightened his shirt and shook his head, whether at his own reflection or Sirius he wasn’t quite sure.  Turning, Remus found Sirius right behind him.

“Padfoot, look, for once, someone actually showed some interest in me.  I know for you that’s nothing, but to me, it’s everything.  No one falls for me, I’m not some gorgeous playboy aristocrat like you.  I’m just...me.”

“Playboy aristocrat?” Sirius said back, seemingly affronted.  

Remus realized he may have taken things a bit too far by bringing the other boy’s estranged family into the argument.  And now that he thought of it, he couldn’t quite recall the last time Sirius had actually been on a proper date, much less bragged about it as he was wont to