He had a heart attack." 

Then the room was gone again, and Luke was lost in limbo.

A hush fell over the previously loud room when Calum entered with Kayla. Jake trailed in behind them, and they all looked serious. Luke's heart sank. His eyes felt swollen when he turned to face them, but he hadn't shed a tear yet, and he hoped to god he wasn't going to be given more of a reason to now. 

"He's stable," Calum said quietly. Everyone in the room relaxed, and Luke felt as if a heavy pressure on his chest had been removed. He breathed freely again. 

"I me with the tour manager and some other people," Kayla addressed the whole room. "Unfortunately, the tour will have to be cut short. I'm sorry, but Michael has some serious issues to sort out. I have been given permission to address the specific issue that hospitalized Michael, but there is more that will not be disclosed a this time. Jake?"

Jake stepped forward and his exhaustion was quickly hidden away. "Michael has been suffering from an eating disorder. This disorder caused him to lose far too much weight, which weakened his heart and made him prone to a heart attack. Kayla and I were on tour to prevent as much damage as possible, but Michael refused further assistance and had several close calls."

"The public will not be notified of the details. Thank you for your time." 

Kayla swept out, but the normally straight line of her shoulders was broken, and Jake took her hand as he followed her out. 

Calum sat down by Luke on the bed and cleared his throat. "I'm sorry about the tour, everyone." 

"Hey, don't worry about us," Ashton said softly. They all knew the apology was aimed toward Summer Love Affair. From a business stand point, having their debut tour cut short could be devastating- but Luke felt confident that none of his bandmates were so shallowly inclined. "If we're going to make it as a band, we'll make it. Michael is our main concern right now. All of ours." 

"Did you talk to him?" Luke asked. His voice was gravelly but he refused to cry. He needed to be strong.

"Yeah. He wants all of us to visit tomorrow. And he feels like shit about it." 

"He's reacting positively?" Luke asked incredulously. He'd expected Michael to be resisting any sort of assistance. 

"I think he's realized that he scared the shit out of us," Calum said with a wet laugh. Ashton moved to sit next to him, throwing an arm around him and stroking his hand over his shoulder comfortingly. 

"When can we go see him?" Jack asked from where he and Alex were tangled up on the floor.

"Visiting hours start at nine, so we'll leave at 8:30. They're only going to let us in a couple at a time, though."

"I suppose that we should all get some rest," Ashton said, pulling himself to his feet. "This is mine and Luke's room, so get out." 

A few people let out weak laughs and then everyone left, but Luke barely noticed. When the room was empty, Ashton sat by him on the bed and pulled him into a hug.

"You knew, didn't you," he said softly. It wasn't really a question, but Luke nodded anyway. "Aw, babe I'm so sorry. It's not your fault, really."

Luke hadn't noticed the guilt before, but it suddenly flooded down on him, threatening to crush him. First his shoulders began to shake, and then suddenly the lump in his throat disappeared and he was sobbing. Ashton just pulled him closer and let him cry into his shoulder.

"He was dying," he cried. "I tried to help, but I didn't do enough, and he almost died." 

"Hey, it's okay, Luke. He's going to be okay."

"What if he's not? What if he won't get better?"

Ashton sighed. "He's got a lot of people who love him. We'll get him through it. He'll get better."

Luke sniffled. "I hope so."

 

 

 

They let Luke in alone, which he tried not to overthink- was the last to go in, and he didn't feel brave rough to go alone. Approaching the hospital room door was one of the hardest things he'd ever done. He didn't know what to expect, and he had no fucking clue what to say. 

Michael was fiddling with his IV and he didn't notice Luke walking in. It was a second before Luke realized that he was trying to pull it out. "Michael, stop!" He lunged forward and pulled Michael's hands away from the IV. 

"Luke?" Michael yanked his hands away and stared at him