the bird at the building and headed off to his apartment.

Hope you enjoyed! Pleasepleaseplease review. ^^

And the tragedy continue...

I hope anyone who reads this doesn't hate me, haha


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

The days passed slowly for them all. Zayn got a new lock for his doors to keep the other boys out. He needed to be alone, needed to try to salvage what was left of him.

There wasn't much.

He wasn't hurting- it just felt like his body was there but the rest had died with Niall. The only time he hurt was when someone said Niall's name aloud; a sharp pain would run through him, and the sense of loss grew greater. That was why he had locked himself away- he couldn't stand being with other people. 

He felt emptier every day. No matter where he went in his house, he was reminded of Niall. In the kitchen he could see him, throwing back his head to laugh as he went through Zayn's fridge. In the living room he saw him watching telly, remembering the lazy smile that would be on his face as he played with Zayn's hair. In the guest room he saw him bouncing on the bed, singing some Justin Bieber song, and sneaking to Zayn's room in the middle of the night and curling up by him.

He'd left so much stuff there. Albums, clothes, movies- even two guitars. He had a tooth brush by the bathroom sink that Zayn hadn't touched and a comb on the shelf by the mirror that he had left perfectly aligned with Zayn's. Zayn always set his own back where it had been. 

Niall had even left dishes. Plates and bowls that had held leftovers, his mug from back home, and silverware. Zayn smiled softly, remembering when Niall had come to visit and realized he had a fork, spoon, and butterknife in his pocket from breakfast.

Zayn walked into the living room, stopping by the telly. Several of Niall's movies were stacked by Zayn's. His pillow with the four leaf clover on it was resting on the couch, and a pair of white supras stuck out from under the recliner where Niall had taken them off and left them. One of his snapbacks was on the coffee table, and Zayn brushed his fingers over it reverently. 

He wandered into his bedroom, a second smile turning up the corners of his mouth before dropping. A wood chair was turned around against the left wall, several outfits piled on it haphazardly. More of Niall's shoes were poking out from under the bed, mixed up with Zayn's.

It had felt right when Niall stayed over, like it was what was meant to be. Niall's stuff was everywhere, and it had felt almost home-like. But that was stupid- nothing would happen now. He hadn't taken his chances. Maybe if he'd told Niall he wouldn't have shot himself. 

It hit him like a freight train, knocking the breath out of him and forcing him to his knees. He could have stopped it. He'd noticed that Niall had been acting weird- he should have acted on it. 

"I'm sorry!" he doubled over, feeling as if his whole being was consumed by guilt. He made his way to his nightstand and grabbed his razor with shaking hands.
"I'm so sorry..." 

For a while it was all thin lines and red blood, until he came back to himself, realizing there was a puddle on the carpet and half-dried blood all over his clothes. He bandaged his cuts and unconsciously made his way to the wood chair, grabbing one of Niall's sweaters and sliding it over his head. 

Niall's scent hit him and he sat on the bed, curling up. The left side of the bed smelled like Niall too; he'd stayed over at Zayn soon before-

Before he'd gone. 

"It's all my fault, isn't it," he said aloud. It wasn't a question- he knew the answer. 

He could have saved Niall and he hadn't.
__

Liam felt heavy. His heart was heavy, his mind was heavy, everything was heavy. He was worried, guilty, and restless; worried about Zayn, guilty about Niall, and restless because he didn't know what to do but felt like he had to do something. He couldn't do anything about Niall- hell, did he wish he could- but he needed to do something about Zayn. Zayn had grown steadily worse each day until he'd completely shut them out. 

Liam had been staying with Louis and Harry since Niall had...left. They weren't doing too well either, but they talked, they ate, they still lived. Zayn had just ground to a halt. He'd simply stopped. 

Danielle had been understanding- they'd talked a bit but she'd told Liam to call her