he missed the fond look on Michael's face. Michael shook his head when he heard him, though, trying to drop the smile. It didn't work.

They sat in comfortable silence for what seemed like ages before their food came. Michael forgot to hold his menu up as he ate and Luke ended up ditching the hat because it was too big and he had trouble seeing under it. Once they started talking they couldn't stop, and they didn't notice when Ashton and Calum finished eating and left. Neither commented on it when they finally left.

_______

"It's my turn!" Luke hissed, elbowing Michael. "Hand them over."

Michael, who was clutching a pair of binoculars, giggled and pushed Luke away. 

"They're petting the elephant!"

"That not fair, Michael!" Luke pouted. Michael rolled his eyes. 

"Fine." He handed over the binoculars. Luke set them against his face and watched intently. 

"This so fits the stalking category," he said.

Michael shrugged. "We never said we weren't stalking them." 

"True."

Michael pulled out his phone and zoomed his camera in on Ashton and Calum who had moved a bit closer and were looking at the lions. Michael and Luke were hiding behind the monkey exhibit. 

"Get some pictures," Luke said, leaning over to look at the phone screen. His hand holding the binoculars dropped to his side and Michael scooted over until their shoulders and hips were pressed together. 

"They're such a cliche," Michael snorted, as Ashton took Calum's hand and dragged him excitedly over to another exhibit. 

Luke elbowed him and scowled but there was no fire behind it. 

"The aquarium!" Luke exclaimed suddenly. 

"Aw, shit," Michael said. 

"Please, please, please?" Luke pleaded. 

"No. We'll lose them."

"We've been watching them already. And we can always catch up to them later. We have to see the penguins, Michael. Think of the penguins."

"You're a penguin," Michael said half-heartedly, but he couldn't resist Luke's puppy dog eyes. "Fine."

Luke grabbed his hand and yanked him toward the aquarium without warning and Michael began to wonder how Calum hadn't gotten whiplash.  

"I wonder if they'll have several kinds," Luke chattered excitedly. 

Michael felt less reluctant when he saw Luke's face as he pressed his hands against the glass and watched the penguins. Luke may have been in awe of the animals, but Michael was in awe of him. 

_______

"I want ice cream too," Luke said. 

"You have to write all this down!" Michael insisted, pulling down his sunglasses to stare at Luke. 

Luke crossed his arms and pouted. "Calum's nicer to Ashton than you are to me."

"They're dating," Michael rolled his eyes. 

"We have no evidence of that," Luke huffed. 

"Just because we haven't seen them making out doesn't mean they're not together," Michael told him. 

Luke shrugged and scribbled furiously on his pad. 

Finally Michael sighed. "Stay here and take notes. I'll go get us icecream." 

Luke beamed. "Thanks Michael, you're my favorite."

"You only say that when I buy you stuff," Michael grouched, but he felt flattered. Luke was writing even faster as he left. 

"Seriously, you're the best," Luke said when Michael came back and handed him an icecream cone.

"Eat it fast," Michael told him, setting to work on his own. "It's too hot and it'll melt quickly."

Under two minutes later, Luke had dropped the scoop off of his cone and onto the sidewalk. 

"Shit," he said, pouting down at the sticky puddle. Sighing, Michael handed his to Luke. 

"Here," he said. "I mainly got icecream cause of you anyway."

"We can share," Luke said. He licked it and then held it out to Michael. Again, Michael couldn't say no. He took a lick and handed it back.

"That's...different," he said. 

Luke giggled and took another taste. "Your face is ridiculous," he said as Michael took a lick. 

"My face or the one I'm making?" Michael asked. 

Luke stuck his tongue out at him and Michael smashed the cone on it.

_______

"Ow! Sit down!" Michael hissed at Luke.

"I'm sorry I've got nice long legs and yours are short and stubby," Luke said defensively, plopping into the seat by Michael and pulling down the arm rest. 

"My legs are fabulous," Michael hissed. 

"Whatever you say," Luke said, glad that the dark theater hid the flush on his face as he silently agreed with Michael. "What movie are we even watching?" 

"I have no idea," Michael said. "Where are Calum and Ashton?" 

"Two rows ahead, four seats to the