his face switches from frustration to concern. 

"Fuck- yeah, I'm sorry." He takes Alex's bag and then his arm. Alex finds himself unable to protest. 

They're close to the park and it's usually deserted, so Jack leads him there and sits him on a bench. Alex can't tell if he's shivering from cold or panic but he feels better when Jack sits close to him. 

"Come here," he says softly, wrapping an arm around Alex to keep him warm. "I'm sorry I got angry. I'm just scared."

They sit in silence until Alex's shaking mostly calms. Alex isn't sure what to say but he knows he should say something. 

"I think- I guess it is control," he says finally. "But the weight sort of shows progress so it's tied in." 

Jack rubs his shoulder comfortingly and Alex burrows his nose into his jacket. 

"You do know you're really fucking skinny, though, right?" Jack asks.

"I'm. . ." Alex hesitates. "I mean objectively I guess I'm sort of skinny-"

Jack reaches down and grasps Alex's wrist with one hand, his fingers easily wrapping around it even with all the layers. Alex is grateful for the layers that hide the mutilation underneath. 

"I can feel your bones even through all these layers," Jack says in a pained voice. "And your face- it's so thin and gaunt. You're just- you're sick, Alex, and you need to get better."

It's like a slap in the face but it's what he needs to hear. He knows that. Maybe there is a problem. Maybe even this has spiraled out of control and now he needs to stop it.

"I'm sorry," is all he can say.

"It's okay. You're gonna get better." 

He hasn't known Jack that long but for some reason he believes him. He's not sure what made Jack special enough to gain his trust but he's glad he gave it to him. Jack is life, Jack is good, Jack is happiness. Maybe Alex can get some of that, maybe he can get better. 

He ignores the nagging voice in the back of his head (Jack doesn't know you cut yourself, Jack doesn't know you want to die, Jack doesn't know you kill everything you touch).

It's the anniversary of the day his brother died. Not the day they pulled the plug, the day he slipped into a coma, because to Alex that was really the day he died. He's trying not to think about it this year but he's shaking extra badly an he broke his promise to Jack. He threw up everything he'd eaten that day. 

Jack had made him promise that even if he was going to skip meals, he would stop throwing up. It wasn't where it would end, it was just a start. There was no way Jack would settle just for that, he just understood that he couldn't make Alex better all at once. Alex had stayed true to his promise for an entire week but today the food had practically come up on its own. 

By the time Jack shows up and they head outside, Alex is panicking. He knows he should say something, but his mind is in overdrive and Jack looks so happy as he runs up and down the sidewalk, chattering away.

"- and my professor wanted a class photo, so everyone is just standing there and I'm like 'this is boring' so I flipped off the camera and now she's mad at me-"

Alex lets a small smile slip onto his face as Jack's story gets stranger and stranger and probably more and more made up as he goes. When an actual laugh comes out, Jack looks triumphant. 

Alex's brother slowly slips from his mind as he laughs at Jack's antics, even his tremors calming. He's not even worried about telling Jack that he broke his promise. Jack will forgive him, will help him start over, and everything will be okay. He and Jack are friends. 

Fiends. For some reason the word resonates with him strangely. Isn't friends what he wants to be with Jack? 

His thoughts are interrupted when Jack charges at him, scooping him up and twirling him around in the middle of the sidewalk. 

"Jack!" Alex gasps through his laughter, pretending that an undignified squeal did NOT come out of his mouth. "Put me down!"

"Neveeeeerr!" Jack yells. They get a few glares and a lot of smiles from passersby. 

Jack sets him down only to pick him up again bridal style. This time Alex can't ignore the squeak he lets out, and Jack laughs at him. 

"What the hell are you doing?" He demands, but he knows he looks ridiculous. His face is hot and his hair is pointing in all