coughed. "Yes, I saw it. It was wonderful. Ahem."

Zayn kicked him under the table, smiling at Niall.

"So...have you shown your professor?" Niall asked.

"Yeah, he loved it. He knows a guy who owns an art gallery and has sold some of my paintings and wanted to sell it, but I said not yet. I wanna keep it around a bit." 

Niall nodded in understanding. "Yeah, I can see that. I haven't seen any of your art, though."

"And I haven't heard you sing," Zayn teased. Niall grinned. 

"I'll drag you to one of his gigs," Louis promised, before squawking in surprise as Harry flopped into the chair by him. 

"Hey, love," Harry greeted, snickering at his ruffled boyfriend. 

"How's drama going?" Zayn asked Louis after he had finished with his and Haz's hello snog. 

"Fantastic! I absolutely love drama." Louis' enthusiasm spread to Harry, who leaned forward, eyes dancing.

"I've decided I'm going to have my own bakery someday."

"And I'll live with him in the house above it. I'll watch him bake during the day and he'll watch me act at night." Louis sighed dreamily and Niall laughed. 

"Bunch of sops, you are," he said, eyes twinkling. Zayn began to feel like his painting didn't do them justice, but he still liked it. It's image was imprinted in his mind. 

Maybe he'd show it to Niall sometime.
__

The weather was starting to warm up a bit, and Zayn stretched out his cramped body and went for a walk. After the painting he'd had some of the blue paint left, and he'd unashamedly gone back and bought even more, now having in his possession an art box full of solely that one blue paint. He began to use it in his abstract paintings, finding that it always stuck out to him, no matter how small an amount there was of it in a painting. 

It wasn't until he sold his sixth painting that he realized the blue paint wasn't his inspiration-

Niall was. 

With or without the blue, his paintings sold. They had become less drastic and depressing and...not really cheerful, but with a little lift of hope. Exactly how Niall had made him- happy. 

Mid-thought, he stopped short on the path at the park, ears straining. Someone was playing a guitar, and he walked forward to investigate. Going around some trees, he found Niall sitting on a bench, guitar in his lap. On his left lay a notebook and his guitar case was leaning against the bench legs. As he opened his mouth and sang, Zayn felt himself stop completely. He wanted to paint that sound- that wonderful, perfect sound. He was amazing, truly amazing. Louis had been right. 

The blonde looked up, smiled at him, and continued playing, a soft look in his eyes. It felt like centuries but also a mere second before he was finished, smiling at Zayn again, but this time almost hesitantly. 

Zayn sat by him. "That was amazing."

"Thanks." Niall turned completely red and Zayn laughed to himself. 

"No, really. You're fantastic, and you can definitely tell that you love it."

"I do. It's sort of all that I'm any good at." He smiled down at his guitar fondly. 

"I doubt that, but even if it's true, your music is more than good enough alone."

Niall looked at him gratefully. "Thanks. I appreciate the encouragment- it can get a little discouraging at times."

"No problem. Would you play more, actually?"

"I'd love to, of you really want to hear." Niall looked at Zayn and Zayn nodded quickly. 

"Yeah, I want to hear."

Late that night, Niall had to go and Zayn headed back to the dorms. He was stiff from sitting on the bench too long, but he still sat in front of a new, empty canvass and painted sound as best he could. 

More specifically Niall's voice.

Remember- review!! ^^

I give you a new chapter!! I'm so sorry it took so long. I suddenly got into Teen Wolf (sounds lame-o, I know, but Stiles!) and started shipping Sterek and it's gotten me really busy reading fanfiction, hehe. 

Anyway, here you go.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

"It's amazing," Liam said, and Zayn detected a hint of almost awe in his voice as he stared at the painting. "What is it?"

"Um." Zayn didn't quite know how to tell his roommate that he'd been painting Niall Horan's voice, especially with such obvious emotion. "It's someone's voice."

Liam smiled almost mischievously. "Aw...Zaynie's found