,” she says finally, voice cracking. “I had to break the news to her because my parents, 

her

 parents, wouldn’t. I thought she knew…”



“That’s not your fault,” he says, surprising himself with his gentleness. Betty deserves gentleness, though.



“I wish it was!” she bursts out, and then she too looks shocked at herself, but she continues anyway. “It would- it would be easier if it was my fault. I could deal with it, I could know the motives and the reasons why and how and I would still be able to trust my own-”



She’s blinking back tears rapidly, and she turns her face away from him, biting her lip. Her fists tighten, and Jughead knows he’s in over his head, but there’s no one else. Who’s going to help her, her mom? Her dad? Archie? He scoffs inwardly. Everyone around her has to have failed her miserably for 

him 

to be the one here with her in her dark moment. He doesn’t always understand normal human emotion, just his own. He’s odd, he’s the outcast. He doesn’t cry in front of other people or tell his friends about the girl he’s crushing on, though the last may be because his friends consist of a best friend on probation, half friends that Betty knows, and, well, the girl he’s crushing on. If he’s totally honest, and he’s usually morbidly so, it’s down to just her. 



Godammit, Jughead can be gentle and loving and tender if he needs to be, he just hasn’t found a good enough reason to be until now. 



“Betty, hey, Bets…” Touch. She always responds to touch- she even seeks it out frequently, so he tentatively and gently wraps his hand around her upper arm. “None of this is your fault, and it sounds like Polly knows that. That means that if she’s going to come to someone, if she’s going to trust someone...it will be you. She’s not running away from you, she’s running away from your parents. You’re all she’s got right now.”



Betty’s lips are still quivering, the tears only just barely held captive in her eyes by sheer stubbornness, and if Jughead was one for cliches he’d say it breaks his heart. It still does, he’s just not going to say it. 



“I’m tired... I’m just so tired,” she says in response, and he knows. 

He knows.

 It’s written all over her, all of the time. In her sloping shoulders and unnecessary apologies and heartbreak over her torn up family and stupid best friend.



He also knows that she doesn’t just mean physically, but he carefully guides her toward her closet anyway. “Let’s get you warm and dry and you can rest, alright? We won’t be able to find anything tonight, but first thing in the morning we can go back. We can hunt for clues together, if you’d like. Would you like that?”



“Yeah,” she says weakly. She wakes up a bit then, finding them both towels and retreating to the bathroom to change. All Jughead can do is take off his soaked jacket, but only the hems of his pants are still wet, and he takes off his shoes, lamenting the fact that he’ll have to remove his beloved hat and let it dry. Betty returns with a hoodie that she quietly explains belongs to Archie, and Jughead thanks her for it but leaves it draped over a chair. He doesn’t want to look at it right now. Not after earlier and not after Archie started being such a dumbass. He wants to talk to Betty about what happened, but he’s a little afraid she switched topics on him because she’s sweet and just went through her own heartbreak and doesn’t want to hurt him. He’s fairly certain he wasn’t misreading things, though, so all he can do is file it away for a better time and pick the situation apart in his own calculating way. 



“Can you sit with me for a bit?” she asks him in small voice as she curls up on her bed against her headboard, and who is he to say no? He’s never really managed to when it comes to her, not yet at least, and he doesn’t plan on starting right now when she’s over there looking so...

broken.




“Yeah, of course,” he says, and she smiles at him as he sits on the bed, shuffling up against the headboard as well. He’s taken aback at the smile. He’s seen it a thousand times, but it’s never looked this wrong. She ought to smile all the time but she also ought to be able to mean it. To actually be happy. He’d